In 1998, Mayor Rudy Giuliani, as part of his Quality of Life campaign, decided to initiate a crackdown on jaywalking. This short-lived effort was rather laughable and barely enforced, with only 99 tickets being issued that year. New York City is not Singapore.
Armed with this evidence, he takes Tae Mu to a bar that looks just like the American bar they visited. In fact, something tells me that technically, it’s the same bar. He freaks him out with his “memories” telling him that he remembers meeting him on a boat. He then asks him for the last time if they’d met in New York. Because he’s guilty, Tae Mu gets defensive and calls him a crazy bastard.
He says it plainly, openly, clearly, truthfully I AM SINLESS
and the projection of your own shadow upon the mist.
The third thing is to make variations.
make grilled cheese,
I had to come up with a way to disguise the ugly, yellowed pine.
I used Mickey Font cut at 3.5
I really should do a post on regeneration at some point, but my reason for mentioning it right now is that Thomas – who sat in on the video – seemed as taken with this particular rebirth as I was. After questioning the identity of the bearded ham (thus far he’s only encountered John Simm, which is a terrible pity) he then spent the rest of the evening wandering around the house muttering “Don’t die, Doctor. Don’t die, Doctor. Don’t die – no, die, Doctor. DIE, DOCTOR!”.
But this is only the top of the big iceberg of thoughtless stupidity that is Russia's immigration policy.
I'm curious, though. Are there bakers out there (or just batter-eaters) who enjoy the taste of pumpkin puree before it gets baked into a lovely, orange loaf of everything autumn baking is supposed to be? Or is something wrong with me?
i will do things that i’ve never done
I've noticed in so many of my recent posts that I've been holding myself back.
If you’ve been reading this article and have come so far, I gather that you have already picked up the subtle hints that Astronomers were not gods. They were intelligent human beings like you and me, created by the same Supreme Being that created everything else. They were treated with godlike (holy) respect by tribal members since the beginning of time, for a purely logical and valid reason!
a few seconds. The Nov. 2nd one is missing some news and weather, but none of the brick.
The Bears' official website makes mention that Newark boasts a baseball history that goes as far back as the Civil War. Unmentioned by their site are some of the names of those teams. The Newark Eurekas were one of those clubs of Baseball's earliest era. The Elizabeth Resolutes were their nearby rival ball club. So, yes indeed, Newark was a participating member of towns that launched this great game forward during and after the Civil War.
What I'd like to do is start by talking about the dystopian future where (when?) the book begins. Reader PAK writes in the comments section: "The description of a managerial-society on Terra, especially the apparent merging of the US and USSR into one bleak, super-bureaucratic edifice, is especially reminiscent of Erich Fromm's description of mass-neurosis in The Sane Society." I will ask Anne Dick if PKD talked about this book, or Fromm in general. The Sane Society came out in 1955 so it may very well have influenced Dick's future world.
United, bold and strong,
And Monk reruns. Lots and lots of Monk reruns.
For one of my dissertations at university I wrote a YA travel novel and through my research for that it became clear that there really aren't a lot of well written YA travel novels at all, so I was really pleased that Wanderlove is so well written and will stand up for an under-represented genre.
We’re a week behind on this, but if you haven’t checked out the No 7 Sub Shop inside the Ace Hotel it is open and the sandwich selection is downright genius, no matter what your taste. Pick yourself up a hearty lunch this weekend. 29th Street + Broadway
She felt eyes on her. It wasn’t unusual to feel as though people were watching her, but this time was different. This time she felt holes being bored into her very being. Accusing eyes. Hateful eyes.
What would you call a shoegaze and hip hop mash? Shoe-hop? I won't get into that, but here are some ethereal beats out of New Brunswick, Canada, from producer Ian Malcolm, aka GrainMail.
Frankly it was depressing after being back at home but the temperature came down quickly thanks to strong antibiotics and I was able to negotiate going home after just one night's observation so at least I was home Sunday evening.
And yes like everyone over 40 these days I have girlfriends who have young guys, even guys you can sense are old at heart and have taken off the tinted glasses, or don't mind standing together in strong light. I admire these couples for what I assume they are stating - We are lovers, We don't give a stuff, We are good together. Hats off to them. But I can't help wondering whether there is sadness in the wings, or up ahead and not too far off either.
Next up - dead animals - I warned you! :D
Faction: Originally Candor, chooses Dauntless
Hips: 53″
Yup. But it’s the touch I like best.
In regards to my last post, I checked out the links I gave for the Nickjr. spin art site before I posted and it was working well, to both print and email. When I tried the site this morning, the image I created would neither print nor send. I am so sorry if I sent you on a wild goose chase.
Throughout the 1970s, various agencies have had to shutdown because of budget issues. As economic problems increased throughout the 1970s, Democratic President Jimmy Carter became the first president to face the issue of budget fights in Congress leading to the threat of government shutdowns. Lowell Barrington, Michael J. Bosia, Kathleen Bruhn Comparative Politics: Structures and Choices explain Despite being a Democratic President with a Democratic Congress “As Jimmy Carter found out during his four years as president of the United States, even having a legislature controlled by your own party is no guarantee that your policies will pass quickly, or resemble the original initiatives once they do.” (240)
Some of it was creepy--because I'm sure in a parallel life my daughter "Betty Cathers" would not have garnered such attention
In the week she was born Nature published an article on the use of Graphene in gene therapy. It’s early days, but we are beginning to understand the genetics of ageing and death. How both are biologically – mathematically – unnecessary. How long will my Padawan live – 200 years? 300? What wonders will those multicolored eyes witness?
What do you do when you have no money in your current account? You rein back on your spending, naturally. But the electorate seems to think this is a bad idea and that government should spend more, purloining cash from whatever sources it can (and that usually means the well off).
Of all the dumb things that advertisers do, one of the dumbest is aiming their message too young....There seems to be an irresistible need for marketers to target young people despite monumental evidence that older people have far more money, are far easier to reach and all-in-all make better customers.The post went on to say that people over 50...
The day was full of conversations about God. Conversations that don’t normally come up in my life, simply because of a current state of religious indifference in my personal life. Because of this indifference, my mind kept switching between reporting and personal thoughts all day. I knew what I wanted to write about and how I was going to write about it. But what I was going to wake up believing in the next day was much more confusing.
I am the in between.
playing on the floor
The last thing I erased from my calendar was my birthday. I figured it could be cancelled. I stopped aging at 29 anyways. It didn't really work. No one believes I am 29 anymore.
Level 14: STR: +42, Increases your attack speed.
Lord John and Lady Sainsbury: The Tory Lord is President of J Sainsburys supermarkets. Donations: £905,000.
Our government has no money left to bail us out during the next recession. The government is over-extended—if it was a business, it would be bankrupt right now.
Or I can say WHATEVER… I know how it ends and this evening is reserved for LAKERS v. CELTICS game 1.
First of all I must apologise to fellow bloggers if they haven't received a comment from me recently. I have lost count of the number of times I have commented only to see the whole thing disappear and I can't even re-try. Even if I log out and log in again the same thing happens. Blogs which have the double words to prove you aren't a robot also defeat me even though I know I am copying the words correctly. I feel really bad especially when I do so want to leave a comment.
Investor get the diversification of an index fund as well as the ability to sell short, buy on margin and purchase as little as one share.
I'm beginning to think my rating system might not be 100% accurate. I'm not just talking about the inherent biases I have - I'm well aware, thank you - but I'm wondering just how an album with less tracks will fare against something with, like an average Beatles album, maybe 14 tracks?
Middlest was struggling.
Overall, this was a fine start to a series, and I am sorry I waited so long before I listened to it. This would be a great pick for middle school boys—lots of action and terrific characters. I look forward to reading others in this series.
Saraf added, “A population register is already maintained by the Registrar General of India at present. The registration of citizens and the issuing of national identity cards are already provided for under the Citizenship Act 1955. This population register could have been used as a database for targeting subsidies instead of the Aadhar data.”
Well, it's getting towards the end of the programme now, so better bite the bullet and have a bit of a film of the serious novel's author talking intelligently about it (though sweeten the pill with some lurid spooky photography).
Number Zero was a natural match for this cocktail and fans of Creme Violette (I’m thinking of one New Yorker in particular!) will be pleased that the flavour really comes through without overpowering the cocktail. If you did want a little more crispness, I’d suggest upping the gin to lemon juice ratio from 4:1 to 3:1. On the finish, I also got a strong, earthy bitterness, courtesy of the quinine, which is unexpected, but nonetheless welcome.
So now the fight is over and the baddie is dead on the floor. The party is licking their wounds, which are more severe than if they had a plan. So now there is an argument between the character with this instinct and his party members. Beautiful.
I do feel sorry for them, my neighbours I mean. It is, after all, 3am on a week night and they probably all have to go to work in a few hours. Also it can’t be any fun milling around in one’s nightwear in below freezing temperatures. However it’s not my fault that the manufacturers of Indomie noodles did not put a warning stating that their product is an incendiary device. Nor is it my fault that I am a deep sleeper and didn’t hear the smoke alarm go off leaving the fire to gather momentum, not that I’m admitting to being asleep when said fire started!
Then, when their prey is furious enough, they stab it in the neck with two piñata-like prongs leaving it to bleed all over itself in font of a crowd of thousands. All that keeps it from charging is a determined index finger pointed at them that says "Beef, it's what's for dinner". Bring the kids, it's fun for the whole family!
The consensus from my friends seems to be that people should be focusing their spending on cutting costs to wait out the economy. The most insightful answer came from the college-bound barista…her opinion (which she was all too eager to provide) was that spending should be focused on expansion at a time when most people are circling the wagons (my paraphrasing).
Until the next time. JP
I also went to the meeting I mentioned with a priest; overall, it wasn’t very helpful, and quite frankly, once I was there, I really didn’t want to be there. The gist of the meeting was: “If it’s supposed to happen, God will make it happen.” When he brought up RCIA I just said that I was thinking about it, which he replied that no one can force me into it, yada yada. My mother, among others, has been trying to shove RCIA down my throat for years; a couple of years ago I actually attended an RCIA class, but I basically had enough of it after one class.
Yes, there are days I wish I was a sea turtle mama. I would like to let them sink or swim, I really would. But I can’t.
But to say that we are so very weary of transition is just the biggest understatement of the century. Housing is a huge concern right now.
1 goods
We woke up to a dusting of snow this morning, but the snow is already melting as the sun is shining. I can't believe the crazy weather we have had this winter. Yesterday when I was taking my dad to do errands I saw a forsythia bush in full bloom. That is unheard of for February in Massachusetts.
Pregnant women still bother me. I don't get tears in my eyes as soon as I see them, but I still hate to see them. If I'm not feeling particularly terrible before I see them, I feel very sad after I do. But I can't stop staring at them either.
Cos I am taking this personally.
Dafydd Morgan has been there himself: false imprisonment and sectioning. Now he writes this fabulous letter to a most remarkable list of official recipients. May it inspire you to follow suit! Maurice has lost 20 kg since he entered prison on 23rd September.
The pair had been abandoned by Alice's father, a situation one might normally consider dire in the mid-19th century. However the Austen family doted upon the child, and their wealth provided a cushion for the girl to pursue her ever bolder ambitions in comfort.
This entire process, if done correctly, will only take a grand total of 4 minutes!
that theyll be gone too
By that same God whom thou didst never know,
Incidents where turn out to be rakeback affiliates plus they give incentives to players to indicator track of poker rooms by way of their sites. Players shell out the entrance charge as well as the affiliate promises to provide some of the funds back again. The affiliate gets his commission in the poker room and he passes of a part of his commission to the player. This means the player gets 25-35% cash back by way of the affiliate.
Decca ACL 158 c.1960/1 matrices
Asked what is the significant of the date, Zaid, who was formerly PKR Federal Territory chief, laughed and said: “If he (PKR de facto leader Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim) likes September 16, then I like December 16″.
I question where my magic can go when I feel so conflicted. Sometimes I feel like I shouldn’t be allowed to do anything in this world that affects or involves other people, let alone be practicing energetic manipulation. But if it wasn’t for magic I wouldn’t be handling it as well as I am. I wouldn’t have a framework to explore my shadow and believe that it’s a healthy part of me that everyone experiences in their own way. I wouldn’t be the person I am because part of what fuels my benevolent and compassionate actions in the world is my shadow, the ability to experience not only my own darkness but relate to the shadow in all of my fellow brothers and sisters. Ultimately I do believe that it’s the attempt to divorce my ‘light’ from my ‘shadow’ that causes me so much pain, grief and anxiety.
The first thing they suggest is that you pray. The third and fourth thing they suggest is contributing 500 bushels of corn or 200 bushels of beans to their account at the local elevator. Next, they let you know that giving them 80 acres of your farm land will allow them to open a new office and serve more people.
Over 65 bloggers have come together to bring you some amazing natural spa products for your dogs. Each blog is offering one or more fantastic Problem Solving Products for the Modern Dog. All of the products offered by Happy Tails Spa are Eco-Friendly, All Natural, and Cruelty Free.
First it was off to the Women's Beer League tasting at the Gingerman for a little Texas beer and chocolate pairing party. Snax was our lovely hostess, and she was helped by Kuhn Dog. They serverd the following lovely Texas beers: Live Oak Hefeweizen, St. Arnold's Spring Bock, (512) Pecan Porter, and the Independence Oatmeal Stout. All beers and chocolates were awesome, but the highlight for me was the Pecan Porter and Amy's coffee Ice Cream beer float...delicious! I think the St. Arnold's Bock was the best with the chocolate.
CDCR Office of Public and Employee Communications will begin processing nominations for the Medal of Valor in January 2011. Further instructions and nomination forms will be provided within the coming months.
So, here's how to get started in, a, um, a bunch of easy steps. Just follow along and you'll have that butt-scratch you've been hoping for...
Stay, stay, stay, says the bird-
Hops update: My hop plants on the back deck have climbed to the top of my pergola, and are advancing over the top of it. In two weeks, they have grown over 9 feet!!! Last year, I ended up using them in 3 batches of beer, culminating with a really nice harvest Imperial IPA.
But today I have some links to share with you!
She paused, and said “Are you with me so far? Ok, so perhaps it no longer fits, perhaps it is no longer to your taste, or perhaps it reminds you of a bad break-up, in which your husband violently attacked you, knocking out three of your teeth and gouging your eye so badly that it nearly popped out of the socket. Could be anything.”
· Good communication skills to effectively communicate with various IT teams and business units
This is partially the purpose of how the church is supposed to function. It intends to be an alternative to the way the world organizes itself. The hope and purpose is to embody the ethic of the reign of God that we see in the life, death and resurrection of Jesus. One of the ways is by committing to share our resources with this particular community. This takes different forms. One is the tithe, where ten percent of goes to the common treasury of the church. Far from absolving us, this practice is meant to invite us further in to how this is used in the life of the church and its mission in the world. But in many ways the tithe is really the lowest common denominator form of economic participation in the life of the people of God.
We might say again here as Paul said later in the same letter,
For less than the price of one year's subscription fee to those online backup services, you can purchase the Picture Keeper and do it yourself. Yes, you. It's really easy to use!
Rather tomboyish girl turns up wearing a suit - Jamie and I knuckle punch under the table (knuckle punch means points thumb grab means minus.) She seems nice, laughs at Jamie's feeble joke about not having to be mad to work here. As she gets up to leave Jamie raises his eyebrows at me and I smile - we think we have found our girl. As she leaves we both shake her hand and then she lets out the belch to end all belches. I blush instantly mortified for her. She laughs, "If I get the job you'll be hearing that a lot." She says.
Chuckie 5/25
chauffeur
6. Use this piece along the inside of the pencil lines to stick the card front and back together.
Here are the questions!
So anyway that was part of my day. Now onto the card that I made.
Green pencil skirt, Zara €49.95
-Bobolouli
One of my most favorite places to be is the Butterfly Garden at our local science center.
I woke up after Mum had said she was going to work. Seeing as it’s a one on one test situation in the studios, there wasn’t much point in being there until it was actually my test time .. which is helpful. It meant that I could get up and have a shower before getting over to the college for the test. Jump in, jump out .. dry and ruffle (that last one is the hair, I don’t dry it like normal people .. I shake my head like a dog ’til all the water is out!) .. Then it was off to the test!
with the life they've built.
As I am away from home and limited luggage space had prevented me from packing any of the other books on my current reading list, I will not be reading for a while. However, when I do resume my reading, the next book I plan to read is 'Till Death Do Us Part by Rebecca York.
After all, there would seem to be serious architectural possibilities here. On foggy nights, or humid nights, or cloudy nights, you transform the sky into a trompe l'oeil painting, a cinematic oculus, a new ceiling, a kind of dream-valve above the city.
Love- Seven and Seven is (Da Capo LP- 1967, single- 1966)
Combine all ingredients in a large pitcher and let flavors blend overnight.
While M waxes lyrical about all the Australian Meat Pies, Barbeques, Kabana, Cream buns, Thai food and Double Cut Rolls he's going to enjoy, I'm salivating over Dumplings, Allens lollies, Twisties, Scones with Jam and Cream, Indian food, Fish and Chips on the beach and Summer Fruits.
16.5oz roll of Pillsbury Sugar Cookie Dough
How handy is that?
11:30 - 4 oz yogurt, 4 oz fruit, table food
Reply 3
Final Friends Trilogy by Christopher Pike--Just read these a week or two ago, still great.
Here was our menu, I had a copy of this on the table with the food:
(www.steelguru.com)
A) I get kindle books sometimes
6AM
I really took my time to look for the place because as a Filipino, I am proud to see the Philippine brand in a foreign country. In addition, I am missing the bakery products of Goldilocks specifically the Mamon, Puto and brownies. Unfortunately, there is no Puto in the product line yet.
gnawing on the javelina snout. Unfortunately for me, I was much too full eat another bite.
Simply speaking, Violet Album is gonna be the last one from the series we planned to reveal. Well, I don't think it's the combination of Red and Blue but just another creature of ours. Additionally, Violet has got four new songs and we really enjoyed ourselves filling the album with pleasure.
For the day the SPX/DOW were +1.5%, and the NDX/NAZ were +1.9%. Bonds lost 7 ticks, Crude rallied $1.30, Gold slipped $2.00, and the USD was lower. Support for the SPX rises to the 1386 and 1372 pivots, with resistance now at the 1440 and 1499 pivots. Short term momentum is now quite overbought. Tomorrow, the ECB meets in Frankfurt.
This Christmas was extra special because it was the first for both my niece and nephew. It's always more exciting to have little ones to shop for. As adults, some of the magic of the holiday seems to disappear. It's become less about me being surprised about what is under the tree for me and more about giving to the ones I love. So, needless to say, it was super fun buying gifts for my nieces and nephew and watching them open them. I started taking a few videos at some of our holiday gatherings because pictures only do so much. I want to capture the tiny voices and laughter so I can revisit the moments again and again. Home videos from when I was a kid are the only way I remember my dad's voice, so I want to take more of them.
Decision time: I washed my hands quickly and carefully cracked the door to see if anyone was waiting in the hallway. The coast was clear so I walked briskly back to the bar and stood next to my wife at the bat.
Special Kit 3 (Donkey Kong) Beat all 8 minigames
It also has “Open the Moon,” an all-new, standalone 16-page story in it from the usual conspirators, Joe Hill, Gabriel and colorist Jay Fotos. And it’s really one of the most amazing, and amazing-looking, standalone stories I’ve seen in a long time. If you all liked the “Sparrow” issue of L&K that paid tribute to Bill Watterson, then you should definitely check out what Gabe and Jay do and who they emulate here.
Said Moon to a furious looking Black Pudding!
4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped
Add olive oil & cook over medium heat 2-3 minutes.
get over it, deal with it and move on.
You think about your past, or your future,
My dear husband and his cell phone are never far from each other. It is his office away from the office. It his connection to his band. We all love our cell phones, connectivity and contact information. On our recent visit to Las Vegas, the phone was in his constant possession much to my chagrin...UNTIL we left the hotel. We have checked our luggage, we have gone through security...we are finally relaxing for a few minutes before we board the plane.
It doesn’t seem possible that I graduated high school literally half my lifetime ago.
You can take over a hireling in the short-term, or you can roll a new character.
“Boys don’t like girls who look like me, mommy,” she once told her mother.
This blog post is about something completely different.
Please feel free to grab the Hearth and soul blog hop badge, that will help to spread the word.
Leo Sayer – You Make Me Feel Like Dancing
Orchids are a favorite flower of many and it is no wonder why — they have a simple yet undeniable elegance and come in an abundance of colors, shapes, and forms. Here are a few simple ways to add orchids to your life…
3:10 To Yuma - Apparently, cowboys are the new inner-city cops. I'm not going to comment on what that might say about our current political climate. In any case, I'll watch anything Christian Bale does, and I think Russell Crowe will match him pretty well, intensity-wise. James Mangold has decent style, but the story looks pretty routine (it is a remake, after all), so the acting will probably end up being the most interesting thing about Yuma.
Andrew Smith, the Labour MP for Oxford East said, as did many later that the Central library in Oxford's Westgate's Centre, designated as a Hub library, was not a convenient or affordable alternative for many users. He has called for a Commons debate on libraries next Tuesday, at which he will speak. He quoted the 1964 Museums and Libraries Act of 1964 " It is the duty of the Secretary of State to superintend, improve and promote the public library service in England and Wales."
This makes one 2lb and one 1lb loaf
Not until relatively recently, it was a requirement that this day was kept with two conventual Masses where choral obligation existed. The first, post tertiam, was the festive Mass of St. Mark the Evangelist. The second post nonam was the more penitential Mass formula of Rogation tide. For those bound to the Divine Office, the Litany was mandatory today.
few grinds of the pepper mill
To put the subject by,
-some sort of fusible stuff. i love steam a seam. it is a bit more expensive but it is so worth it. you could also use fabric glue, wonder under, whatever.
Find some old paper bags, plastic bags, or even just pieces of cardboard. (Don't be afraid to find creative ways to reuse things you would otherwise throw away).
11. A hole has been found in the nudist camp wall. The police are looking into it.
The flood in my head took my breath away and brought hot tears to my eyes.
Back to the title. With all of this hard work, and occasional heartbreak, why is calving season “the most wonderful time of the year”?
Mediocrity: the curse of adulthood. Children see magic and excitement in all things. Teenagers look to the distant horizon of “the future” and dream big dreams. Even many college students pour themselves into the joy of learning and knowledge and believe in the greatness of ideas, the adventure of life and love. But adults wake up every morning, pour the coffee, and steel themselves to get through the day. The horizon is no longer distant, it’s just the next step, and they lose the vastness of it. I will be frank, as I am rarely frank: this is my greatest fear.
Suppose you are on your back deck, cooking burgers on the grill. It’s a glorious sunny day and the kids are playing on the swings just a few feet from you. You are waiting for your spouse to get home from work. Then you get a phone call. You pick it up to realize your life will never be the same.
In the bitey world, there's no room for patience. From anyone really. We need time to breath, to escape the teeth if only for a short while, and not have to look over our shoulders for that dark, looming shape that wants to sink they're teeth into our butt. Unfortunately, in both parts of my working life, there's no bus ride out of "bitey-world", but I'm learning to navigate the path ahead, to give that grizzly the slip, even if it isn't something I would wish, nor - as in my writing - my readership would wish.
But what draws my attention is the reason she's engaged in the act of civil disobedience. And that is the boat she hopped on board is chartered by Shell, and was on its way to the Arctic where it was going to drill exploratory wells.
Alice set off looking around her as she went, but she couldn’t locate the origin of the sound that was beginning to distress her more and more. Throwing back her hood and feeling the muggy, frozen forest air wash over her face, she stopped walking and listened intently. The sound had stopped. Whatever it was appeared to be waiting for her to make her next move.
calling up the memories of the previous two weeks.
Extra-Terrestrial Relays, in Wireless World magazine envisioning a global communications network, using satellites in geosynchronous orbit. This was twelve years before the Soviet Union launched Sputnik, setting off the Space Race to the moon. A time of enthusiasm and innovation that is sorely lacking today. Twenty years later, Intelsat I Early Bird, the first commercial geostationary communication satellite was launched. Since then, satellites have become essential to our daily life, as we rely upon them for telecommunications, weather prediction,
This is my entry for Simon Says Stamp and Show Your Distressed and Torn Edges. It is hard to see but I have done both for this card. I love the stamp I chose of this cute little boy with his kite stuck in a tree, Beeswax Stamps. I tried very hard to get an accurate picture of the colors in this card. I tried near a window and I tried with my studio lights but I never could get the true colors to show. The kite and the torn rectangles are red with gold accents. The brownish paper has colors that are very rich with hints of green, blue and gold splatters all over the paper. The distressed edges looked even more distressed before I sewed them down.
Unless every young lady avoids young men
13. Mellow Down Easy
‘I’m sure the bishop would say he has Clare Fergusson troubles’” (25).
11. Everything In My Life, Joanna
Sation recently updated their brand & bottles & I have a few of their new polishes to show you. The bottles are oval with thick glass bottoms. The new brushes are great for ladies like me that love wide brushes. The formula on all the ones I've tried is excellent. You can find out more about the brand on their Facebook page.
“Don’t go,” Tori mumbled.
while all this was going on i emailed my so-called best friend to tell her my humiliation. she claimed she did not know that these three RANDOM people did not already get my blog updates. i also got an email from one of the other 3 whom i share my blog with urging me to forgive my so-called best friend because “she would never do anything to hurt you purposely”. i did forgive her. but i also decided not to go to book club that night where i would see her. yes, for a nerd like me book club is a perfect way to spend your birthday. i also went on my blog and said the following words: “i had a major emotional freakout and breakdown today. i will address it another day here. i need to get it out. long story short...if i am going to blog about new beginnings and coping skills ---- i might want to read my own blog and learn from it. if i am going to talk about honesty and integrity i may want to consider not trying to control the access to that honesty. if i am going to bust my ass all year to make it to my 38th birthday i may want to act like i am 38 and not 14.” i never went back and blogged about what had upset me. i chose to gloss over this horrible horrible horrible event in my blog to spare her feelings because, of course, i knew she read my blog. i even blamed myself for acting like a 14 year old and invalidated my feelings. and don’t you fucking know it…my so-called best friend repeated that back to me a couple days later as if i was in the wrong for getting upset. in the reconciliation with my so-called best friend i stressed the importance of loyalty, confidentiality of my blog and my guardedness. she said she would do anything needed to make it right. i gave her a pass.
He brings up Foster as an example of “art after criticism.” Literally, the criticism comes first. It, “preempts the object with social constraints.” This is “a kind of criticism which tells you, you can’t believe your eyes.” It says that your understanding of art isn’t good enough.
Most likely though, I am inadvertantly combining / confusing / mangling the canter depart cue. One solution will be getting Val out to the beach and letting him rip - straight line cantering. Firm footing, no need to balance in tight turns, plenty of room. Possibly this weekend if weather permits and my riding partner can join me.
Once you have mastered the above without any problems, you can vary it by standing further back or doing deeper push-ups.
Listed below are a few Brooklyn restaurants that have managed to rack up a surprisingly large number of violation points on their Dept. of Health inspections.
The first week of the trial against the confessed mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik has been completed in Oslo. The way it has been carried out has intrigued visiting foreign journalists in both positive and negative ways. A representative of the television news channel CNN was impressed that Norwegians take “pride in the fact they are a society who will respect Breivik’s human rights, even when he showed no respect for the lives of others.”
It is official ... my little guy is now a big boy! After we got home from Disney World I began potty training Mister Gabs. He is now in big boy pants and hates pull ups! Every now and then he may still have a "poopie" accident but other then that he is doing awesome!
Listening to: screaming children and singing birds.
Midnight Oil Beds are burning AUS
It all started with a silly resolution. "No free refills" or "Stop kissing/ calling boys who you have dated before because if it didn't work then, it won't work now and its a waste of time and energy". Sounds silly but I tell you I think that resolution put some major life changes in to motion. How was I planning to move forward and find a meaningful relationship if I kept taking steps back every time I felt lonely.
I had chocolate and vanilla cupcakes. I recommend preparing just one flavor. I had more vanilla than chocolate and kids wanted more chocolate cupcakes.
Brandon and Felicia headed off to school this morning! Both were up bright and early. Felicia wanted to leave the house at 7:00 am, a little too early! I am so proud of her! She smiled like that all the way to school and did not appear to be nervous at all! Brandon on the other hand was. He was nervous for her!
He has the slightest hint of a grin... just the slightest... and that throws me over the edge.
While it frustrates me that Halle received the Oscar for Monster's Ball, and not any of the other great films she's been in; I love to see a person's dream come true. Especially a female.
We adopted Kirby yesterday--because Mr. Whiskers needs some company. We've decided that Kirby will be Mr. Whiskers' pet. Because I think that being alone in the house during the week is making Mr. Whiskers a little loco.
Disney
It was a huge honour to have been shortlisted for the award so early in my career. I kept telling myself that I wouldn't make it past the longlist, and I was bowled over to discover that I'd made the last eight.
Cops 'bungled' booze test in joggers tragedy -
And it filters down that God was somehow lonely — creating us to keep him company.
YouTube, iTunes, gaming, gambling, pornography, Facebook, and the myriad copycats of these websites are overwhelming the "information" aspect of the web. It is becoming a medium of entertainment, gossip, and chatter.
In fact, I'll bet that when you first saw the topic -- Rice vs. Cameron -- that you had one of those two reactions. You either thought, "Hmm, Cameron over Rice, interesting, I wonder how they tried to make that argument," OR "That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard in my life and anyone who would even TRY to make an argument like that should be locked up*."
I tried to add the page rank tool here, but it didn't work. Boo!
*Images: Impression Obsession
When the Moon Comes Over the Mountain
Welcome To Rosie Hopkins' Sweetshop Of Dreams by Jenny Colgan
Quin - because we swim together
I would highly recommend this device to anyone looking for something to encourage them to be more active.
The NAFSA conference left me no time to be bored, and no time for lunch, either on most days, but gave me plenty of food for thought. I focused my attention on research sessions and on the theme of “internationalizing the campus” which encompasses various ways to integrate intercultural learning and the experiences of international students and study abroad students into the broader curriculum, faculty development, and campus life.
I. Have a member Read John 19:30.
1. Project 365. I really hope I can keep it going all year. I am going to try my hardest. I know that to improve my photography skills I have to practice and this year I've found myself going weeks without taking a picture. I promise to myself that I will take at least a picture a day. I will allow myself a little behind on downloading and posting them, but I will TAKE them. I set up a separate blog for my Project 365 here.
Mash bananas in a big mixing bowl. Add the butter, sugar, egg and vanilla extract and mix together with bananas. Add the baking soda, salt and flour. Mix well. Stir in coconut, walnuts and chocolate last. Pour into the prepared pan. Bake for 1 hour, remove, cool for 5-10 minutes, then serve.
Then call this # @1-800-ABC-DEFG Your satisfaction is guaranteed or blah, blah, blah,...
Furthermore one could not always rely on one’s sons in law. While as the Pele Yoetz and others state(though in the Pele Yoetz this had already become a widespread problem) that this Chiyuv does extend to one’s in laws, he also notes that in our many sins for generations already in his time, we find a brazenness toward one’s in laws. Furthermore I would argue that in a subsistence farming situation, in times of drought and famine, if a man were to take care of his own parent’s through that, and not sacrifice their needs for that of his immediate family that would already be something, but I don’t know that a man would be willing to sacrifice his family, or family security to see to his in laws. So in that society and under those rigors I could see how sons would be preferred.
Labor lost, but Shelly only got a black eye out of this. Perhaps she’ll lead the Tel Aviv summer block party, if it happens.
Weekly Starting Weight: 286.8
The trench is dug within our hearts
(but please take it, c'mon).
Ever been there?
Gotrek and Felix: The Anthology edited by Christian Dunn (Black Library, Mass Market Paperback 04/03/2012) – A collection of short stories centering on the most popular duo from the “Old World” of Warhammer, the Fahfrd and Grey Mouser if you will.
Where will you bring in color this month?
"Accuracy is the twin brother of honesty; inaccuracy, of dishonesty"--Nathaniel Hawthorne
We had all been hearing stories like this. In fact, there had been continual reports of police officers groping women during the nightly evictions from Union Square itself over the previous two weeks.
4 of a bus station midway to Rovinj
My granny would make me a corned beef and tomato sandwich on white sliced bread for my tea. This was all such a novelty to me. I wasn't allowed white sliced bread at home, my mum said it was like eating cotton wool. And as for corned beef, I hadn't even known it existed until my little visits to her house. Sometimes she would feed me marrowfat processed peas.
The colors are daunting, consuming, and so, so wonderful.
I caught a little bit of Oprah’s Masterclass a couple of nights ago and was reminded of the Gratitude Journal and how that helps most everyone appreciate what they have in life. Many say that they have grown through the journal and how it has changed their life. So, in honor of being grateful, I am going to post, at the end of every blog entry, what I am most grateful for.
But we SoE tired of the crime, punishment and corruption the country numb.
I feel anger at such a violent and unnecessary act.
I used a collage image from Retro Cafe Art for my center. I combined it with a little vintage ledger paper and some vintage Christmas music to frame it out. The background is a vintage flash card that I used varitone ink on. For those of you who don't know what varitone ink is it is this really cool product made by Coffee Break that goes on clear and then when you heat it with your heat-gun it burns brown. The longer you heat it the darker it gets. That's how I get the authentic aged look to a lot of my pieces. In this case I used a dots stencil and a sponge to dab the ink on and then heated. But you can swipe it on or rub it in with your fingers if you want. So cool.
And now on to this week’s challenge, which is a sketch by lil old me! As always please make sure your project has a Magnolia or hAnglar & sTanglar stamp on and only link new projects please.
So, we have a reference for this. I’ll go check it out…
Native ratings: Netflix 4.0/5 stars (guessed 4.5 for us), IMDB 7.3/10.
So this brings us to Roots' version, which was two years in the making--clearly a labor of love for this wonderful, innovative brewery. I will now roll the tape from an interview Craig Nicholls did on Libation Station (mp3) for a description of the beer:
I hope that my student just goofed and wasn't really aiming to say what he said on his test today. The question was "¿Qué puedo hacer para estar bien informado por televisión?" (What can I do to be well-informed by television?) Students were supposed to answer in complete sentences (most students said things like "You should watch the news" or "Watch documentaries"). But this student didn't use any verbs or complete sentences, which gave his answer a whole different meaning. For what he'd do, he just said "la locutora" (the female newscaster). Hmmm, hoping that was just a goof on his part and not him sharing TMI...
Classification: Reversal, Appropriation, Re-framing, Thought Terminating Cliché, Thought Stopper, Obedience Demand, physical sex does not exist, lady brains, mansplain feminism cause females r doin it wrong.
Anyway, I made this card for the CAS-ual Fridays challenge to use trees or flowers in a CAS creation. I like it anyway because I LOVE this silly tree. I think I bought that darned cartridge just for this tree. lol
Paul gives general direction for Christian living.
I am warming up for the event with one of my favourite conductors, Leonard Bernstein. Here's the prelude to Tristan, Act 1.
Deirdra: When did you first know you wanted to be an author?
As I said before, illegal immigration is a problem. It is a problem, because it costs the country a lot of money, and greatly reduces the opportunities available to the immigrants themselves. However, simply trying to stop people from immigrating illegally into this country by building a wall is folly; it would be much more beneficial to face the reality of why so many people are immigrating to this country in the first place.
Top Vatican officials — including the future Pope Benedict XVI — did not defrock a priest who molested as many as 200 deaf boys, even though several American bishops repeatedly warned them that failure to act on the matter could embarrass the church, according to church files newly unearthed as part of a lawsuit.
see the colours change
To complement the work done on the wind trainer and add some volume to my training, I go walking. I walk along the trail that we would normally use to come back home from Lara after coffee rides, I also used to run here every morning before I started cycling.
Ever see those closet or pantry spaces in magazines and catalogs that leave you staring breathtakingly for hours, wishing and dreaming that you could do the same in your home? Then you shudder at the thought and think it can't be done and turn the page and move along.
Breivik is of course giving a Talmudic-Zionist salute, such as used by the evil Meir Kahane and the Jewish Defence League. The salute is used extensively by Communists, the materialistic left in general, 'gay' rights activists, and all manner of internationalist one worlders. It is currently also popular with the manipulated 'Occupy' movement and has been seen in use by every CIA front group in the anti-Arab 'revolutions' which have destabilised the Arab world and replaced one set of puppets with another.
If you’re ever feeling under the weather or need a heated pick me up meal that is packed with goodness, this is one of those meals! Filling enough to be a main but still light enough! Veggies can omit the chicken and either have a purely vegetable broth as there are enough veggies included anyway or you can include tofu if you wish.
What would Christmas be without The Snowman?
So the government of Norway itself has confirmed Breivik's complaint that Norway and other European countries suppress speech of which they disapprove. They were so afraid of Breivik's "loony" ideas that they forbad Norwegians from hearing anything about them.
“They won’t bomb Paris,” said Papa quietly.
Lewis Schaffer: The Laughter Therapy Tour
The creation I observe shows meticulous design from the expanse of the universe to the smallest subatomic particle. Everything has its laws and mathematical principles. Only a supremely intelligent being could be the creator, Ps 19:1. We see the existence of God, His wisdom, and His power in the creation, Rom 1:19-20; Heb 11:3.
- Azariah meant “the Lord is my help;” Abednego meant “servant of Nego.”
Did you ever perm your hair?
Additionally, the world I normally inhabit is a question of view – nothing more. Viewed from an ordinary point of view, it is samsara. When I maintain this view, I suffer from what appears. If, instead, I view what normally appears as the charnel grounds, strongly believing everything to be part of Keajra, then for me, that is what it will be. Ordinary beings view this as samsara, I choose to view it as the charnel grounds. If I maintain absolute conviction in that conception of things, again, Heruka will enter into everything. I will then receive his blessings through everything. I will see how everything either teaches me some aspect of Dharma or gives me an opportunity to practice something I need to practice. From the point of view of my experience, I will be in the pure land.
And now for The Underland Chronicles (or as I like to call them, Gregor the Overlander series). This series is also by Suzanne Collins, the mind behind The Hunger Games. Boy, this series definitely doesn’t disappoint at all, in fact it was actually written before The Hunger Games. The experience of reading it was so enthralling. It might be a children’s series but not in my eyes. It’s easily in my top three favorite series, and will always hold a special place in my heart.
into His safety
This blog was written with the very helpful assistance of Heather Mims.
1 Garlic clove, peeled and minced
For a video game lore geek like me, a book like this is nerdgasmic. I absolutely love learning the history and mythology of any fictional universe — it’s one of the main things that keeps me coming back to the fantasy genre — and Diablo turns out to be above average in the quality of its backstory.
I care because I hate seeing moms demean themselves and accept less than they're worth - and I hate seeing them make demands that make us all worth a little less.
And he looked at me, with the most gormless of faces and said:
a tight crew, the right tools, know the land
Hop to each designer’s blog and leave a comment Return to the
Obviously, I'm being very judgmental. I'm also very cranky. I am usually this way when I'm on my cycle. And by the way, I hate that euphemism, too. It makes my reproductive organs sound like a dishwasher or something.
I'm so thrilled for Christmas this year. Mostly because last year I was on that amazing road trip with my mom and Maria, so I missed all the decorating, and baking, and family stuff. So this year as soon as Thanksgiving day was over our tree went up.
My friend Carol Dauphinais wrote a book about her life called Living with Labels and Lies. Carol’s book tells about her experiences growing up in an abusive, neglectful home, being mistreated in institutions and then making a life for herself in the community. Working in the health care system in Vancouver, Carol brought an understanding of what it’s like to be on the receiving end of services and she also fought for the rights of her co-workers as a union steward. Carol’s book and her presentations to students and people in the community help them to understand how cruel, abusive and harmful service systems can be and how important it is for professionals to protect the rights and well being of children and other vulnerable people. Carol’s life is an amazing example of survival and dignity.
The three fruits used together provide an effect that is clearly
Me: “I should really not let Monkey watch zombie movies before i put him to bed! He’s so scared right now!”
Barely a few months into 29, I’m starting to think that 30 may roll in the exact same way, despite the fear and anxiety everyone consciously or subconsciously tries to instill in me.
“Got it,” John said. He slowly climbed and stayed at around ninety miles per hour. Charlotte slumped to another sleeping position across the backseat while the officer reclined his seat and attempted to let sleep take him for a little while.
In all Lovesey went on to write 8 Cribb novels though in addition, when it was turned into a TV series (ITV, 1979-81) starring the dour Alan Dobie, Lovesey with his wife Jacqueline also wrote all the original scripts for the episodes not based on his novels. ‘Wobble to Death’ was adapted particularly successfully, thanks to strong direction by Gordon Flemying (father of actor Jason Flemying) and a script by the late, great, Alan Plater.
158. “The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it.” – W.M. Lewis
a sweet-svelte sound.
Our convoy comes to a slow halt. I watch the two Wookie suited blobs as they keep running between cars towards the front of the convoy. From their direction of travel, I am guessing they are either getting in the deuce and a half or the dump bed of the snow plow.
There were well over a hundred of them.
Tell us a bit about the character you play in the movie…
Daughter: “Daddy, who makes the weather?”
His early works reflected an ‘International Style’. However, in 1945 the ideas generated by his travels through Europe and abroad formed his own sense of Mexican “regionalism” synthesized into a personal design style, which is the ‘Barragan Style’ we all know today.
Frieda’s Organic Traditional Polenta
Through real estate investing, almost 90 percent of the people who belong to the rich and the famous have earned so much in one way or another. More so, for those who weren’t able to achieve a wealthy life through property investing is now using real estate as a vehicle for preferred investment to be able to create increased wealth or protect the money that they already have. There are actually five techniques to be able to have successful investing. After pondering on these methods, you will realize that it is easy to engage in real estate investing.
It crept up to us way too fast. i LOVE every holiday. We are excited to take the kids out trick or treating and have some fun! It's fun as they get older.. you see their excitement and just pure joy, nothing is better
13. Kamla's Theme (Tarshehnai by D.M. Tagore)
Quin - she feeds me, serves me and gives me lots and lots of hugs
With everything going on this week, the death of venerable character actor Dick Anthony Williams on Feb 15 kind of slipped under the radar. Had it not been for the post on the page of FB friend, actor Erik Todd Dellums, I probably would have missed it entirely.
100Hz and 200Hz TVs
Level 15: MP Cost: 60, Damage: 235%, Attacks up to 6 enemies 6 times, 25% chance to stun the enemy for 5 seconds.
And as for me, I resumed work apologizing for the days of absence. Fran and I took a little trip to Iloilo to visit old churches, and I went back to hanging out and clubbing with my friends. Life was slowly returning back to normal.
I will announce the winner of this month's sketch challenge tomorrow with the reveal of our April kits.
The searing London August heat and a tube journey so painfully humid that it's final destination could have been Hades itself had left me extremely parched and in need of some liquid refreshment as I headed up from the bowels of the Underground oven and into the city centre sunshine.
811190 Other automotive repair & maintenance (including oil change & lubrication shops & car washes)
Is this a good time to live in Acadiana or what?
Day 6 and 7: Finally got my own place to live! I’m renting out a room in a two-bedroom, shared bathroom, in Hell’s Kitchen (hence the title of this post) area. It’s literally just a bedroom with a curtain for a door, but it’s mine. Wow, this week has provided me with a LOT of stand up material. And for that, I’m thankful.
“… spiritual wisdom and nonjudgmental acceptance.”
In short, I found a great new spot, with great ambiance, a nice selection of wines by the glass that you may not see on most wines lists, and great food. If you are ever in the area, I highly recommend it, and I know that I will be back for the Chacuterie alone soon! Cheers!
Oh love, the see and love the sea
"Oy. OK, let me introduce you properly..."
My mother, who is an avid online shopper, including Amazon, and a huge reader, had never heard of it.
Here are some of the general the rules:
when the thunder rolled through the door
There are many dissimilarities between the Malian and Congolese capitals, however. Brazzaville was the scene of repeated and bloody civil wars throughout the 1990s, as politicians mobilized ethnic militias to support their bids for power. Civilians bore the brunt of the fighting, not merely because they were in the wrong place at the wrong time, but because militias deliberately targeted them in their campaigns of violence. Residential neighborhoods were shelled with artillery, roadblocks were put up throughout town to identify members of rival ethnic groups, and “ethnic cleansing” became the order of the day. Tens of thousands of Brazzavillois died, and hundreds of thousands fled the city.
OK, the dream was a LOTR cheap make of a section – like the finding of gollum thing was (only that was done SOOOOO much better than this)…unless this was a spoof of that…anyway there’s this battle line of the enemy, a woman sorta resembling Eowyn (who is a whiny, whiny woman v prone to tears and broad gesticulations). Aragorn is a complete and UTTER pansy. He also has the wild (yet stylish) gesticulations down. He has very stylish (in character for him anyway) clothes – all tailor mades, bias cuts etc…to show off his ‘manliness’ of which there wasn’t much – he had practically no calf muscles and was skinny as. Anyway he and the Eowyn girl and another (more manly man (also known as reccuring in my dreams mystery guy) are in a trio and discuss what to do about the baddies (who are for some reason waiting patiently). Aragorn does all these broad gesticulations and pulls out these TINY tiny daggers (not even as long as my palm) and proposes to go in as the diplomat and if it doesn’t work then the daggers will do all the work (did I mention his stylish clothes were cotton? – he isn’t wearing any armour whatsoever?). More discussion, and then with more gesticulations (knives in hand) saunters (yes that is what he did he sauntered) over to the enemy. The dream ten cut to the TV reporter who was reporting on the battle. He was from so Morning TV show and was wearing siny shiny silver (very highly polished shiny silver armour) it was GLEAMING. Cant remember much about what he was reporting on cos I never remember conversation. But the dream ended with him saying to the presenter in the studio ‘by the way, the fat suit stinks’.
Romance novels about erectile dysfunction and STDs weren’t exactly big sellers. Jillian Grayson wrote under the pen name of Jaclyn West. She’d written fourteen bestsellers so far and had more money than she needed flowing in, so her next novel could wait. The book royalties had paid for her large, beautiful house in Miami. She still had plenty of money, even after the divorce, which forced her to part with nearly half of her earnings to her bastard ex-husband. She’ll never forget the day she came home early from a book tour and found George performing oral sex on that slut in the pool—the pool she had paid for and an act he would rarely, if ever, do for her. Jillian always thought he hated oral sex or more specifically, he hated the giving part. But there he was, naked, standing in the shallow end of the pool, and going to work on some other woman as she floated in the pool on a ring, which Jillian had also paid for. The pool oral sex thing actually looked like it might be kind of fun, and Jillian often
Aside from my relationship with God, my family is a the very top of my priority list and I intend to leave them a legacy of being blessed and blessing others. I intend to explore the far reaches of this beautiful planet we live on. I am confident I’ll find opportunities to bless others in my travels. I intend to build a life of financial freedom so I remain in a position to bless others.
This is a good thing.
-knit all the stitches forming the sole-side or underside of the toe (1a), then knit all the stitches forming the upper-foot side of the toe (1b) until the toe is complete (ie alternately 1a, 1b, 1a, 1b etc in a continuous spiral, until the toe is the desired length)
2 error
It is that terrorism has been given respectability. That the men with the guns are regarded as freedom fighters, as liberators, when they are no more than thugs and animals.
Upper East Siders, ever wondered why we haven't heard anything about A? Word is the cold war between our favorite girls is now causing frost bites with each one marking his territory.
My cake of Ivy Brambles Romantica Merino Lace now weighs 82g – indicating a whole 79m has been knit in the last week. Not exactly meeting my 40m/day target. I don’t know what happened to me in the past week but I seem to have recovered from the lace-knitting addiction I had last week. I had less opportunities to knit during the past week, but even when I sat down to knit I spent the time messing on my phone.
Nov 2004 Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, N. Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, and Utah join in the free for all.
There are always trendy new products being added to their fantastic online store, like these new desk accessories from the UK!
2.Russell viper venom can also be placed on a cotton wool and placed in the surgical wound site.
But still, never mind, I shall not fall into a heap this time and not cope, having to slink off into internet hibernation while licking wounds and muttering darkly to myself, cos......look what I made (bursts with pride and fancies self as the soon to be discovered Picasso of the ...what is this decade? The teenies? S'not the noughties anymore is it ?
We're praying that Jacob will have peace when he's handed over to us. How overwhelming for a little guy, who doesn't speak the same language and doesn't realize what's happening! We just hope that somehow, he'll figure out what's going on and be at peace with his mom and dad who don't look like the people he's known or sound like the previous adults who cared for him. We won't even smell the same! We've read about possible reactions he may have, not only immediately but also in the time to come. Unable to express his fear and frustration, he may do a number of things to let us know he's not sure of what's going on! God helped people throughout the generations to understand one another when language was a barrier, right? We just want to comfort Jacob without freaking him out! We want him to be able to communicate his needs effectively so that we can tend to them... which will all start the bonding and attachment process which is so crucial to his development!
Good luck to this year's entrants. Now get brewing!
Country Crock Save $.60/1 spread (4/22)
HPSA has developed a set of core principles through which interested communities or families are screened, monitored and evaluated (Steyn and Nunes 2001). Some of the principles are:
Indole-3-carbinol is a nutrient found in large quantities in cruciferous vegetables. It is a potent antagonist of breast cancer, reducing formation of cancerous compounds from hormones and participating in blockage of cancer cell progression.
This is Brizia with a little Konad. I used Zoya Coco on my pinky and middle fingers and Zoya Sasha on my ring and pointer.
One year closer to too old
Again, if you look at the public statistics, you will see that if you exclude the G5 countries, the average growth in the world economy last year was seven percent!
They say they’re taking away the penny? A lot of things have gone extinct, but this one has endured for some odd reason until now. It’s not like we can go to the movies or buy a coke for a single copper anymore. Penny candy has become nickel-plus-tax candy.
Even if the concept swiftly disappears again. At least for a moment, I understand. It's like a pop quiz to see if my brain can rise to the occasion.
BM: So those were the ones with the fewest votes. What about the good solid middle-rankers?
The old boys grew thinner,
Ribbon from collection.
I have so many fun recipes and money saving bachelorette ideas, but those will have to wait until next week when I return to normal life again!
We worked long and hard while in France. We were doing a BaaN ERP implementation under incredible pressure and intense deadlines. People’s jobs were at stake. The team, The French included, worked 70 hour weeks for months on end. It was really quite remarkable. One way we were able to keep working so hard was that the facility had a very nice kitchen on-site. We sat down to group lunches every day and rarely discussed work, but instead took the time to get to know each other.
Best Chilean based player – Eduardo Vargas
Jesus was a sacrifice before God; and offer him there as a burnt offering
For California! As in, it could snow this weekend in San Francisco, and the last time that happened, it was the 1970s! So my outfits have been about keeping warm. Somehow, I've ended up wearing the same cardigan and belt two days in a row -- don't judge me.
Row 1: Our first foray with outdoor dining of the year at Milagros/Creative offsite for work – not a bad way to spend a Friday/Lobster Rolls from the Old Lobster Shack (next to the Great Clips, naturally)
I was a Browncoat before I was a Whovian, before I was a Nerdfighter. I love the community that came out of Firefly. The Houston Browncoats saved my life in 2006-2007 with their kindness and generosity. I know first hand the power for good these people have.
Just to let you guys know, I don’t care about politics. To me its as dividing as religion is. But, I am an observer of human behavior, and a humanitarian, and through these articles, I’m simply yet honestly commenting on what I’m living through and what I see. What I have experienced. So I will be mixing my film commnents with some real life stuff I’ve been seeing, in my own country. So if you dont like talk of revolution, and oppression and all that, your welcome to tune out. But it is my hope that you will read this article, and at the very least, find it informative. Plus, I'll be talking about various films that have a revolutionary vibe to them.
Hyomin IS awesome and I DO applaud her!! With what Austenite grace she gently inserts herself into the fray, granting Jiyeon the necessary diversion from the pressure while assauging the bosses of Big Ramen.
Now add chopped onion and mix. If Ajino motto is used add it and fry on high heat.
So what else is there? I could talk about how much I love my warm house, my friends, my family, my furry little creature...
Maybe the person is staring back at you in the mirror. Do you believe in what Each One for US All has set out to do? Do you think you can inspire others to get involved in our cause and support the organization?
BOM is “owner of attractive legs”. CL is “lion that’s escaped from its cage”. MINZY is “genius child”.
Remote on heaven’s hill, that has endured
“Hey, remember what happened to Elwood and Orpha? Don’t walk or stand under that ladder for God’s sake.”
I was very hopeful that Nate would make a lot of progress today with moving and with his pain. I was just waiting for him to wake up so we could see how he felt. The nurses came in at 7, and he woke up long enough to tell them his dream: "I had-ed a dream that I was on a slide, and it started shaking, and I was calling for mama, and it was really scary! And then I saw Miss Melissa at a preschool-house ...." They were cracking up. Then he went back to sleep. Around 9 the PT came back in, but he was still asleep. I told her how I was hoping Nate could get on his feet and try to walk some today. She said she would come back later and we could take him down to the trains to do some PT.
I've made sets of everything for my children too to add to their handmade Christmas gifts. Unfortunately, they've seen them so...they have them now to play with. But, I must say our nature table has been looking REALLY sharp these past two weeks.
Enjoying the start of another new training day in Melbourne on the Yarra River.
Messrs. Obama and Karzai both wanted to sign the agreement in Afghanistan before the North Atlantic Treaty Organization summit in Chicago this month, the officials said.
However the defence proved that quotes attributed to Raed Salah were not anti-Semitic and even if he had been guilty of the same, they bear no comparison to the rabid anti-Arab racism that the CST and its camp followers endorse. Anti-Arab racism is kosher in Zionist eyes, unlike any trace of ‘anti-Semitism’.
Yes, face is in the shadows, but you visit here to see my outfits, not my mug, right?
From Father Zimmer in the bulletin:
Holy Spirit Word Wall- Word wall templates are large flash card printables that you can hang on the wall to aid children when they are learning or using new vocabulary words.
"Go West Young Man"
Mary Zula Ley, 24, wife of Robert Ley, well known Dover dentist, died of influenza and pneumonia at 11:30 Sunday night at the family home at 813 West High Street, New Philadelphia. She had been ill for ten days.
**FURTHER FURTHER ETA: I need to say that this post is NOT a direct response to that Guardian article — it's been pointed out in the comments that that casts the post in a different light. It was merely a catalyst for me to jot my thoughts down about it. I in NO WAY want to encourage any author to engage with any sort of negative reader response, be it review in a journal, review on a blog, scrawled Sharpie on a public bathroom wall. I will be the first to say that, as a newb writer, I replied to a negative review once, and I have regretted it ever since. NOTHING GOOD CAN COME OF IT.
Rav Nissim Gaon explains that everyone is obligated in logical mitzvot. How can he possibly say that non-Jews are obligated in chesed if it is not one of the Seven Noachide Laws? The gemara in Sanhedrin answers that these seven laws only include the “don’ts.” The “do’s” include many more. Everyone, including non-Jews, is obligated in chesed because it is part of being human. Jews have a double obligation because it is also a mitzva in the Torah.
Well, that's a lot to write about a guy who played only 123 major league games, right? Wrong. It's players like Frankie Zak who make this great game so interesting. For every Mickey Mantle and A-Rod there are thousands of Frankie Zak's out there, everyone of them with a bunch of stories just waiting to be told. It just takes a little digging and you'll find it. I did. Frankie Zak was the beginning of my interest in baseball research. Where else would I have heard of the Tarboro Orioles? Or learned that before the Orioles fielded a major league team in 1954, there was a team by the same name with a proud heritage and enough success that it could support a farm system of its own, independent of the major leagues? Each little story unearthed, every box score and faded photograph launches a million great yarns. That's why Frankie Zak, the guy from the neighborhood who never cared much for baseball, is the Patron Saint of The Infinite Baseball Card Set.
Finished it off with a quick wrapping of green organza ribbon and mesh scraps left over from the mesh pumpkins.
A fun fact: I played this by ear. I don’t know how long I baked these for, but these were by far the best calzones that I’ve made.
Ingredients: Meat (approx 40% total by volume)
Fortunately for Tom he doesn’t have to spend the rest of eternity in a hippy grave with his head sticking out above the surface as it turns out his transcending death plan actually works and he is able to ride his way to undead freedom, stopping briefly to mow down a passer-by and to get some petrol.
"A man of knowledge uses words with restraint, and a man of understanding is even-tempered. Even a fool is thought wise if he keeps silent, and discerning if he holds his tongue" (Proverbs 17:27-28, NIV).
Inside the bag (sorry, no picture) there are pockets. Lots of pockets. All shapes and sizes. One with a zipper even. Plenty of room for bottles and diapers and changes of clothes and any of Mom's purse type stuff. There are a couple of places for things to clip and be clipped. . . over all, it's a pocket lovers fantasy bag.
This young lady was more reticent than Garbo to share her story. Normally, I don't really ask people to participate in i live here:SF. In some cases, I do, but mostly I rely on volunteers and referrals to make the project happen.
You don't become a cook and change right away. It's a metamorphosis--it takes time. For some people, a lot of time. There's usually a great deal of mental and physical trauma involved. At a certain point a cook comes to realize that they are not sailing on a pirate ship doing fuck all. Seeing that this is not a party--some creative culinary orgy involving loose waitresses, booze and tough guy posturing usually sends most folks running back to the cubicle. For others it's something as simple as the first turn on a busy night. A bewildered look, coupled with a soaked chefs coat, followed by a two weeks notice. Maybe catering is a better choice?
But being on the ground in Oregon still wasn't all the way to his gas station. They dismantled the plane and loaded it up on trucks to take to the station, but couldn't get the city permits to take it onto the road. Art was too far into the project, and into debt, to give up at this point
Late night host Jimmy Kimmel was announced as the host for the ABC telecast of the 64th Primetime Emmy Awards on September 23rd. It will mark Jimmy’s first time hosting the awards salute to the best in primetime television, although he has had a little practice in the awards hosting circles with the American Music Awards and the ESPY Awards under his belt. Kimmel is also set to host the White House Correspondents Dinner in April. ABC also announced veteran producer Don Mischerwill executive produce this year’s Emmys for a record 12th time.
This past week has been a busy one in my household. My daughter has been home from Ontario for a short break between semesters; she will complete her Master’s of Library and Information Science degree this coming August, so has only one term left to complete. The program has been arduous but she has aced it so far and I have no reason to doubt that with her ability and determination she will finish the degree the same way. Then, of course, the job hunt begins in earnest.
Our eyes strayed west at every sound
Stress and emotional upset can make itching worse, no matter what the underlying cause. If emotional problems are the primary reason for feeling itchy, the condition is known as psychogenic itching.
They might not be interesting, because I've told you all the interesting things about me on this ego-fluffing medium I call a blog, but awards don't care about that! They just want wordy toil.
glory reflected now shines in the stream:
After all. The glory of storytelling – its remove, its freedom, its all-appeasing "And then ..." – still seeks to ground itself in its absence, and what in other novels can be enjoyed as lighthearted metafictional discourse here becomes a conspicuous anxiety about its status. What, after all, gives meaning to a narrative? Levé's suicide ten days after submitting Suicide to his publisher offers an answer.
Here are two guidelines to help make your Honeycomb tablet app work well on handsets:
Now, I like movies. And I like to share my opinions about movies. So you can imagine I was a pretty vocal participant in class.
This is a gig I’ll happily repeat and for some pretty compelling reasons that had not before occurred to me. Firstly, it’s great to get to meet people for whom beer is pretty much cold, wet, fizzy and from Foster’s and introduce them to the flavours and colours and tastes and mouthfeels and the stories of the beers that we who are a way down the track can take for granted. It’s comforting to talk to people who have just tried something for the first time that you now feel is an ’old favourite’ and listen to them tell you how much they like it.
As for Bragor, are you serious? I’m supposed to give him a promotion for mediocrity? He’s barely been able to stay on top of thing just WATCHING the Undercity, you want me to give him even MORE authority somewhere? Speaking of Bragor keeping his eyes on things…
Told you it was fab news I had ;)
Today I'm wearing....
Though someone will need to get up there and wind the bugger; I took these at half-ten.
Fortunes have changed for the King family, descendants of Hawaiian royalty and one of the state’s largest landowners. Matthew King’s daughters—Scottie, a feisty ten-year-old, and Alex, a seventeen-year-old recovering drug addict—are out of control, and their charismatic, thrill-seeking mother, Joanie, lies in a coma after a boat-racing accident. She will soon be taken off life support. As Matt gathers his wife’s friends and family to say their final goodbyes, a difficult situation is made worse by the sudden discovery that there’s one person who hasn’t been told: the man with whom Joanie had been having an affair. Forced to examine what they owe not only to the living but to the dead, Matt, Scottie, and Alex take to the road to find Joanie’s lover, on a memorable journey that leads to unforeseen humor, growth, and profound revelations.
P.S. I'm the featured blogger this week on BlogHer. Woot!
1 pills
Maybe he sneaks into the bathroom, shaking his head in disgust at the sinks, then raising his clenched hands, curses the toilet gods for giving him in such a repugnant career. Or maybe he just goes back and vacuums again. Either scenario is possible really, maybe both.
Shred the meat and place on toasted baguettes. Serve with strained broth from crockpot. Dip to your heart's content!
Holy shite.
There is more enthusiasm around the web and HTML5 from music than there is from any other media or entertainment industry, at least as far as I can tell. So why is that?
If that was the case, one would have thought the least she might have done was give us a call (she has our email address, and all our contact information is on the website) - and leave a note on the door for her customers.
ATTENTION
BEST ORIGINAL SCORE FOR A DRAMA FILM
I would like to enter this card in to the following challenges,
The headmaster needed some humanizing. Bring home the point that these boys are in his care and that their parents have charged him, at considerably expense, with preparing them for college. It’s a compelling argument and would serve as a foil to the boys’ antics.
Southhampton Imperial Porter
The Hunted tour is hosted by A Novel Outing | A book tour site. Today for my tour stop, I'm giving you and excerpt- some of my favorite quotes from the book! Be to check out the other tour stops HERE!
Her Picket Fence and Tailors Chalk are classics in my book.
“I’m so happy…”say Junsu.
1 tsp spice mix
I had this idea of incorporating hollow books into our wedding. I saw one in a specialty store selling them in Intramuros and I thought how hard could it be to make one myself?
Kaplan & Kaplan (1989) described escape as “an absence of some aspect of life that is ordinarily present, and presumably not always preferred” (p. 183). They describe three types of escape: 1) Escaping distraction; 2) escaping work; 3) escaping mental effort.
You must control your thought; you must not let it wander. Whatever you are doing, fix your thought upon it, that it maybe perfectly done; do not let your mind be idle, but keep good thoughts always in the background of it, ready to come forward the moment it free.
First of all, for your fresh feminist perspective of the day, I see very few women on bikes. Yes, there are women on bikes, but relatively few compared to bike-friendly cities I have pedaled in the past. One of the things I love about biking is that I can cruise past the stares and street harassment before I really have time to hear about it. I have developed some neighborhood fama though, as one old skeezer made me aware through his commentary one day while I strolled past, “es igual de linda cuando va en cicla”…me pilló!! Shit.
A signed paperback copy of Masquerade
When Arnar joined the band things really started to roll. He started out doing some percussion work for us and singing back up vocals but as the songs continued to evolve we knew we had to kick it up a notch. So now he's behind the drumset fulltime and we've also added two new wonderful members; Kiddi Palli on the bass and Árni who plays the accordion/piano.
My Sequential Screening is in two weeks, that's where they will do the testing for any type of diseases or genetic defects.
The advent of the railroad made it much easier and more profitable for merchants to bring goods to Austin, and the Bremonds did well indeed. Eugene started lending money out of the back of the store at eighteen percent interest. He eventually sold his share of the family mercantile business to John, Jr. and started the State National Bank, serving as its president.
6eme
I chose this high-energy track from British DJ Andy Hunter because of its use as the main theme for one of my all-time favorite games, SSX 3, but it has also been featured in several other video games, including Need For Speed Underground, Burnout Revenge, and Forza Motorsport 2, among others.
When it was time to open gifts, he smiled so big and made you believe he was waiting for every individual gift his entire life! It was SO cute.
When we’re all alone,
Once the cookies were baked and cooled, I started on the lemon cream filling. The F&W recipe simply requires beating together softened butter, confectioners' sugar, and a couple tablespoons of fresh lemon juice. I found that there wasn't enough butter/lemon juice for the amount of sugar (it looked like wet sand instead of a smooth paste), so I added 2 more tablespoons of softened butter and some more lemon juice, and the ratio worked better. I also added lemon zest to punch up the lemony goodness. I wanted the filling to be more tart than sweet, to contrast the already sweet and sugary cookies.
Now the 12 disciples/apostles are very special and Paul refers to them as “super apostles”. Paul had to struggle with this as his authority was constantly questioned and undermined as he was given responsibilities to preach to far off lands and to non Jewish people and yet had not shared in the mortal life of the Christ as the other 12 had.
Let go of the pain. Open your heart to love.
“And saying lots of facts about science shows that I KNOW LOTS ABOUT SCIENCE AND AREN’T I GREAT,” said Pierre.
09 Into the Atom Age
Far-right parties across Europe are growing in popularity. In last month’s European elections, the BNP won two seats for the first time in Yorkshire and the northwest and took 6.2% of the national vote.
The gathering was in support of the Company Theatre's next production, The Test. Performers, all Newfoundlanders, were on a little stage right in front of us, except for the lovely Kim Stockwood who decided since we didn't come close enough to the stage, she'd come down close to us and performed in the middle of the pub with the audience surrounding her.
Meet Anna Kei (nee Anna Korbinska).
later be known as one of the “New Wave of British Heavy Metal”
Why to use Eye dropper fountain pens?
Jesus and the disciples spend the night back in Bethany, and the next morning head to Jerusalem again. They pass the same fig tree as the day before, and Peter exclaims that the tree is withered all the way down to the roots. Jesus tells him that if he has faith in God, “and does not doubt in his heart but believes that what he says will happen” then he can tell a mountain to move and it will. “Whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours. And when you stand praying, if you hold anything against anyone, forgive him, so that your Father in heaven may forgive your sins.”
2nos Green chillies (slit opened)
It’s hard to imagine that these motions will do Mangum any good. If, in fact, the false accuser didn’t authorize their filing, they could allow Harr to spend some time in jail for contempt. And WRAL reports that the State Bar is looking into Harr’s behavior.
ARTIST: Atom and His Package
The lighthouse was on the top of a cliff, I remember being very impressed that it could be seen from 24 miles out to sea.. I remember the great glass fresnel lenses, and the fact that the huge lamp assembly could be turned with hardly any effort. Though it weighs over a ton, it floats on a bath of mercury, which makes a near perfect bearing.Flamborough Light, Yorkshire
As an author, I have to think about things I didn’t worry about when I was just writing for fun. Things like contracts and deadlines, and blogs, and self-marketing, and whether my WIP is a good follow up to what I’ve already written.
Interestingly the two houses we visited on Sunday are only a few miles apart and both set deep in the Kent countryside in locations that command wonderful rural views and feel quintessentially English. Both have a sense of timelessness. Of course the “mothballing” effect of being frozen in an English Heritage or National Trust package is partly responsible for this: a house preserved as an exhibit is markedly different to a house full of the hurly-burly of family life (in Darwin’s case) or the extraordinary pageant of society figures that passed through Churchill’s country residence. Yet both houses were clearly refuges and places where creativity and ideas were given time and space to be nurtured.
Morello: We might be able to save him with the proper care.
We scarper. E. says 'Why are we running away, Grandad?'
Arabic lessons this week at INLAC, our school located in the medina, have been a real treat. One week hasnt been quite enough time for us to become fluent, but we are trying out some basic phrases with merchants and those we meet in the street.
Nokia Podcasting support
Australian Diary 39: Three Way Hat is Novel Fashion
- We will stop the top-down reorganisations of the NHS that have got in the way of patient care - We will continue public sector investment in carbon capture and storage - We will restore rights to non-violent protest.
1 tablespoon Old Bay seasoning blend, found near seafood department, or on spice aisle at the grocery store
There were times when I thought Jamie and Betty were easily interchangeable, especially with their insecurities and indecisiveness, usually in scenes when they were together. When they revert to their respective lives, suddenly uncertainty transforms into confidence and individuality. Betty blossoms in her role as mother to three boys and Jamie flourishes in her unhindered independence. There’s no denying that these are flawed characters, often contradicting themselves. Jamie and Betty deal with their shortcomings differently, but they always come back to each other for guidance and support. Despite some minor frustrations, it was a strong novel. If you have a sister or are a movie-buff, you will appreciate the intricacies that Townsend delivers.
Part five
Though it was tense at first, some friendly questioning eventually led to this young man opening up to me. He told me that he worked at the store, was gay, and that in picketing the store for pornography we showed that we did not really know the true essence of what was going on in there. The store with its holes in the walls between the booths was used for encounters, and he was angry that we were ruining the business and the ability for those in this lifestyle to meet. Though he had no worked-out plan, he admitted he had planned to follow us home so that he could find a way to harass us. As I called him to freedom in Christ, his face softened at times and revealed a desire to change; then would harden again as he expressed frustration that he could not. He promised not to follow us, and he did not. I have not forgotten the fire in his eyes when he told me that I just did not understand. His changing countenance that day revealed to me the turmoil within.
So first of all, "openings night," which makes it sound like a local production of Briggadoon, is not about the art. It is has something to do with art, but it isn’t about it. Art is the excuse to come out and be sophisticated, run into people you know, and maybe, if you’re lucky, catch a glimpse of a local curator. But mainly it is to drink, and then go out for better drinks afterward. It can be very nerve-racking, and full of social anxiety, especially for young artists. There is a lot of power and ego being thrown around from everyone involved. There is mad sexual tension, and fear of failure. Failure to get laid, failure to sell some art, failure to network and so on.
This question came through on a blog post I did about preparing a nonfiction manuscript:
Brian Gentile, 30 Hemlock Dr, Pembroke, MA, age 22
However, although Hans and John agreed with my new assessment (Hans had failed to finish the book), the others felt I was being far too harsh. Doug said that although he could see there were faults with the book, he had been really impressed by its other aspects, and Ann agreed. Trevor and Jenny said they'd really liked it, and all four said that they hadn't at all minded having to read the book slowly and thoughtfully, putting it down to think about the meanings and the connections, and Jenny had been so impressed and touched by one sentence about the nature of grief that she had marked it and read it out. *
According to a new study, Spain is amongst the 10 most pessimistic countries in the world.
I have to wonder though how much of the problems Hill outlines are actually down to England rather than to Wales. Wales did vote for the Labour government that lead us into the Iraq war, although they were elected under false pretences ('ethical foreign policy'?)
What gives? Pew can’t figure out the explanation for the gender discrepancy, and neither can anyone else. But what I wonder is whether we’re simply unwilling to suggest that the emperor has no clothes. If women are losing ground even in traditionally female sectors, isn’t it possible there’s a little bit of gender discrimination at play? There I’ve said it. Mea culpa.
I quickly started to figure that no matter what, Joseph deserved to know the truth about me and my unfixable, completely damaged optic nerves. I took a deep breath and broke the bad news to him. “As of right now, there’s nothing the doctors can do to help Auntie.”
My siblings and I, particularly my brother and I, took saying F- you to my father to a highly advanced art form! We did it with relish and delight, and I must say I continued to do it nearly up until my father’s death, when he was tottering in his 80′s.
Crossbrain traffic
Ok, so, I have been in denial. I’m in denial that it’s ok just because I have accepted my food addiction. Where in truth, I’m using my acceptance to justify not changing or having control. The acceptance means I have no accountability and no responsibility for the consequences of my choices.
Now out of those six words, can any of them be defined solely by other words in the group? Certainly: b is defined to be c d f h, so we do not need to know b to understand the language. And lastly, using the five remaining words that we need to understand (c, d, e, f, h), we can also understand d, because d is defined as e f h. Unfortunately that is as far as we can go. We have reached the minimum set. In this test language, if we had the definitions of the words, we could come to an understanding of all eight of them, even if we began with only an understanding of the words c, e, f, and h.
The last question Genevieve asks is “Do you believe in absolute truth? Why?”
It is nice to think there are people out there who care so much about us and are thinking of us.
Hope this past week was good for all of you.
Title II of HIPAA concerns itself with the offenses and misappropriation of healthcare by setting criminal and civil penalties. Title II of HIPAA has created programs to control abuse and fraudulent use of the healthcare system. Title II depends on the Department of Health and Human Services or HHS to form rules for healthcare system efficiency and for the spread of awareness of healthcare and related information. Designed to apply to the rules of the 'covered entities' as stipulated by the HHS and HIPAA, these entities evolve over billing services, transmission of health care data by healthcare providers, health plans, community health information systems and healthcare clearinghouses. The HHS has added on or published five rules with regard to Title II or the Administrative Simplification that ranges over the Unique Identifiers Rule, the Transactions and Code Sets Rule, the Privacy Rule, the Enforcement Rule and the Security Rule.
I love Boston. The drive there was also in the middle of the night, but I was filled with excitement about getting to see my Boston Aunties and visiting Boston in general. There’s something about being surrounded by colleges and museums that really makes me feel creative, not to mention crave more education!
Also ask about their financing if you don’t have financing secured already. You always want to get the lowest interest rates, because paying interest will add up very quickly, especially on a big purchase such as a car. You might even be able to get 0% interest, if your credit is good enough.
As I said, the book kinda splits in two half way through it… As in the writing style completely changes… and the characters also kinda change… SPOILER ALERT: After the split, don’t worry, if you read the books you will know what I mean!, you don’t hear from any of the “disappeared” characters after… I literally went through the whole second half waiting for that moment when they are reunited… but IT NEVER HAPPENED….!!! I was quite disappointed… as I really liked those character and the new ones… weren’t that good. So if you do decide to read it, be prepared…
This week ends my 40 days of self-imposed, (loosely based on my Catholic upbringing) guilt-induced, need to give up something I love every year.
Lake Elsinore Outlet Mall
La Guardia came in last its check-in and security process, baggage handling, WiFi, staff communication, and design and cleanliness.
This octopus was made for a family member in Chicago who LOVES octopi. She had given me some yarn when I went to visit last month, and I used part of it to make this gift for her as my thanks. Like Max, it was made in the round, without a pattern, and is one of a kind.
the hate narrative
Did the police ask to interview people at the NotW via the solicitors and if so, were they rebuffed?
Read and annotate chapter nine of The Bean Trees.
Some accidents occurred along the way that caused us humans to worship them as gods. Some stories leaked through. This is why all ancient myths have something like the titanomachy, where the monsters/evil serpents are destroyed by the gods, but lurk around, waiting to insert evil into us again. Only the gods can save us – immortal, invisible, dredlocked spirit masters of beyond. Predators? No: PROTECTORS. And every time we run into them, we kill them with a tree of some sort. Or Danny Glover.
I’ve tried on the Cynicism Hat;
Skin conditions that cause an itchy rash include:
Eric got me a subscription to Cooking Light for my Nook Tablet. This chicken enchilada recipe was the first recipe that I tried from the magazine & it was very, very tasty. I love recipes where you can do a lot of the prep ahead of time. I made the sauce & chicken in the morning & then assembled the enchiladas in the evening.
Supporting the Cause
OK, where was I? Catching up. Let's see... I'll try to give the Cliff's Notes version:
“If I might... have a moment... to explain?” Van Raighan gasped.
There is an old saying that Happiness is not the destination, but the journey. Take a moment to remember that – and believe you are more in control of your path than you realize.
It all was a gradual transformation. I left the sneakers for leather booties with a two inch heel, to go with form-fitting jeans and shirts to hug my curves. Eventually, I full out fell in love with heels, and wore them everywhere like the “pretty girls” I mocked. By the time I got into my latter 20s I realized, all I owned were heels.
Like the proverbial frog in the slowly heating pot we have become inured to the slow collapse of our hospitals, schools, courts, water supplies, roads, civil service and service levels. They will become totally dysfunctional shortly. Inevitably so. Those in charge do not have the mental capacity to organise things.
Yet we know 'the mining bonanza',
With the current down market, I don’t expect these units to sell in the short term. Because The Block has an RSS feed, a Twitter account and a Flickr page, the marketer has set themselves up to be a regular content creator. Are they up to the test of keeping things fresh? Nothing says suck like a blog with no updates. Early evidence is promising — well, compared to other condo websites — given that they have four posts in four days. I’ll be keeping an eye on this one.
Amongst many things, what interests me here is the idea that niche sports enthusiasts—specifically cavers and climbers—have discovered and, perhaps more importantly, financially support a unique type of architecture and the construction techniques required for assembling it that, in an everyday urban context, would appear quite eccentric, if not even avant-garde.
Xi'an became a key city in the effort to development western China, and continues to play the role of economic gateway to China's west. A discovery made in the last years of the Cultural Revolution would lay the ground for Xi'an's ascent to the top tier of China's tourist cities: In 1974, farmers digging in a field discovered the Qin Terracotta Army. Two years later, Mao, who found much to admire in Qin Shi Huang's ability to unite China centuries before, died, and during the 1980s Xi'an was opened to tourism. It hasn't looked back since.
I loved how the mare responded to the nice grip on pavement, and she was oh-so-willing to step up and move out! The integral pad, gave me peace of mind too...protecting her sole, as we trotted and galloped the rocky roadways of Forestry service ways to trails. The rocks are not the small gravely ones we lay in paddocks, driveways. They are huge and can reach the sole of the horse, even with a normal shoe on. I was recommended to have the pads left on the shoes, and solepack put in, for bacterial retard and concussion purposes.
I sleep with this new girl I'm still getting used to
something to look down on or rise above.
Writing wise, I’m in the process of working on my last story for the Fiction Workshop I am taking this semester so I might possibly post a draft of that. The other major piece of writing taking up my time is a huge research/thesis project that is due at the end of the semester. I might post an excerpt from it, just so you can see how utterly painful it is for a creative writer to write.
Anne Carson speaks of Echo: "The girl with no door for her mouth."
This hope is not hope in the sense of “I hope so.” This hope is confident hope, in the sense of “I know so.” Biblical hope is confident hope. I believe there is hope because I believe in God.
“I think (the law) is going to make some improvement on our reservation,” Murphy said.
starts missing HOME, and doesn't know why he's there. The hardest time that he
The card is made from Wisteria Wonder, Perfect Plum and Concord Crush combinations. I don't normally 'do' monochrome cards but with this beautiful Agapanthus flower from the 'Simply Soft' hostess set I just couldn't resist! See, the Agapanthus is one of South Africa's national flowers. I grew up there and I love the delicate purples and blues they come in! So I made two of these cards, this one in Purples and another one for my Mum in Blues. Wouldn't you know it, but I forgot to take a photo of that one!
I don’t know if the found footage film will survive the backlash but Chronicle is one of the genres reasons for its survival. Chronicle may be about superheroes and it may be made for the younger generation but it champions its characters and the unique viewing experience that it is. I recently watched the first two episodes of The River, which is a found footage T.V. series. It is awful, one of the worst T.V. shows I have seen in a long time and a disgrace to the found footage club. It doesn’t embrace the realism of the genre. It doesn’t seem to want the burden of what it is trying to be. Chronicle doesn’t mind being what it is and what we get in return is one of the most personal and rich dramas to come out of the genre. A masterpiece of things lost and found.
Hell yes, Mount Rainier
1. The setting
I think I feel good about it, finally sharing it with someone in the media who cared, someone who recognized that something terrible happened to us that didn't have to happen. It felt good to spit out some of those horrible truths, to let other people in the universe know that we were wronged in many ways, and you in so many more. It's strange though, just thinking about it I feel sick, thinking about talking about all of it I mean. I know I cried and cried and my chest got all blotchy, and truly my hair had never looked worse. My television debut will not be lovely, but I do hope it will be powerful. I hope that very much.
The entire process took five months to complete and the film was privately shown to the group in December 2010 and then at a premiere event and in April 2011 attended by around 100 invited guests including councilors, health workers, family & friends.
Red Rock Harley-Davidson has declared the month of May as ‘May Madness‘. Spend a minimum of $200 in any department and you’ll have your chance to spin the prize wheel for a prize! Prizes range from in-store gift cards to discounts on apparel, free t-shirts and even a free bike detail. The more you spend at Red Rock Harley-Davidson, the more chances you have to spin and win! *Only one wheel spin per day, per customer. Spin The Wheel Cash Tickets are only valid at Red Rock Harley-Davidson and are not transferable. Duplicates or copies are not redeemable. Management reserves all rights to cancel this promotion at any time.
Anyway, today is my 1000 post!! Oh my!! I would love to celebrate but I've been cleaning like a crazy woman getting ready for our son to visit. He'll arrive next Wednesday and I'm so excited! Plus I purchased a "newer" car, a 2002 Buick LeSabre. It is high mileage but the price was right, and my insurance didn't go up! Wahoo! This is my 3rd LeSabre! Now to get used to the different sounds, no tachometer, and hard seats (will be buying some cushions).
Vaughan is right to an intuit a lack of enthusiasm for the great game of rugby in me. I enjoyed kicking an oval ball round the backyard as a kid, but when the time came to commit to a winter sport I was swayed by the superior footwear and relatively light tackling of the round ball sport, and joined the Papakura Association Football Club. My choice might have saved me from cracked ribs and hypothermia, but it exposed me to ridicule at school, where the sport contemptuously known as 'soccer' was regarded as the preserve of 'wooses' and 'Poms'. I've never been serious about making the All Blacks, but for the record, and in case John Wright's successor as coach of the New Zealand cricket team is reading this post, I'd like to say that I am still available for the Black Caps. I know I might be getting a bit long in the tooth, but if I were selected for the forthcoming tour of the West Indies I'd still be younger than Herb McGirr was on his international debut.
The Abortion Act 1967 came into effect on 27 April 1968. Since then well over seven-and-a-half million unborn children have been killed through registered abortion in Britain. This figure does not include abortions which may be caused by birth control drugs and devices. Nor does it include the number of embryos destroyed or discarded during and after in-vitro fertilisation (IVF).
This really is a great bourbon and it saddens me that it's no longer around, but Dusty Thursdays can be bittersweet, especially when the whiskey comes with memories.
But my brother was a high demand special needs child. He always needed attention to make sure he was doing good. If he ended up in a bad mood he could harm himself or others. He was also prone to having serious seizures, so we always needed to keep checking on him to make sure we knew if one occurred.
Doctor It’s all right – I’ll go and get them.
Another very telling moment: when asked the question whether nowadays, given that we have Photoshop, he would still go through all the trouble of constructing the sets he used for his shots made in the 80′s, he answered “Yes” without hesitation, and then added that National Geographic only accepts RAW files. Enough said. I’m sure that made a few ‘post-processing die-hards’ heads spin.
Perhaps this was why I found myself drawn to this particular image for April's Photo Heart Connection. It speaks of a mothers love, the comfort and security that can be found in a warm embrace, security and protectiveness, nurturing and the bond between mother and child.
That's all for now folks.
In addition, HomeAway operates BedandBreakfast.com, the most comprehensive global site for finding bed-and-breakfast properties, providing travelers with another source for unique lodging alternatives to chain hotels. For more information about HomeAway, please visit www.HomeAway.com.
In addition, I have also included 3 bonus live tracks taken from Lenny's more recent single "Again". They are "Fly Away", "Always On The Run" and the hit "Are You Gonna Go My Way".
‘We always said we would not stand in the way of teams preparing for the Vodacom Cup, which is why we also released a number of the Sharks XV players earlier from our camp last week,’ said Meyer.
“Aer Lingus Group plc is aware of speculation that Etihad Airways has acquired a shareholding in the Group. Aer Lingus confirms that Etihad has acquired a holding of 2.987% of the Group’s issued share capital. Etihad has stated to Aer Lingus that it does not intend to increase this stake, pending the outcome of the discussions referred to below.
Below is a video preview clip of an actual self-spanking session with my Daddy that took place in August 2010, while I was in Los Angeles (filming for Exclusive Education 5) and he was at his home in New York. I had continued to use what he deems as "Unladylike" language, and he was ready to put a stop to it, so I was told to be ready to be punished that evening when he called. He did not know that I was recording it at the time, but I told him after the fact, and he gave me his permission to post the video (after he'd seen it first). If you're interested, the full 9 minutes can be found on my website.
Love you all, see you NOT THIS SUNDAY, BUT NEXT SUNDAY
Warm the olive oil in a large pot over medium low heat. Stir in carrots, onion, garlic, and a pinch of salt. Saute four minutes. Add the tomato paste and red pepper. Stir one minute. Mix in escarole.
Mix all of the ingredients in an airtight container with a lid and shake vigorously for 30 seconds. The dressing must be mixed well each time it is served, as the other ingredients separate from the oil. (No refrigeration is necessary.)
I'm so honored and excited that she used my photograph!
Isabella, all is knowing.
me Chimera
3. Want another entry? Follow me on Facebook and share a link to the competition in your news feed and then leave a separate comment to let me know that you've done it!
- Cleaned out the papers that were piling up on the dining room table.
What is nice though is when you say what you do like. What you enjoy. What you love. How charming someone is because they are them. The person you love. No matter how crazy a hairdo they have, which is naturally why you love them (you just wouldn’t want to be found dead with that hairstyle yourself). When you share what you love about someone they tend to open up and that’s a very beautiful gift to give to a person.
Music, Politics and Agency in the Digital Age: East London
Around 1869, Richard Merchant, his wife Annie, and their daughters Violet and Mary moved into the house. It is from this family that most of the ghost stories seem to originate. Mary, also called Mamie, suffered from epilepsy and as a result had the mental capacity of a 7 year old. In those days, it was thought that her seizures were periodic demonic possessions, so she was kept confined to the house, allegedly in an upstairs bedroom, until her death in 1906 at the age of 23. Her father died a few months later. Her sister, Violet, had been a woman ahead of her time, and had gotten a degree in secretarial science and moved to Washington, DC, to work. There she had fallen in love and gotten engaged. However, soon after the deaths of her sister and father, she received a summons from her mother, Annie. Annie had fallen down the stairs and broken her hip, an injury which caused her to be bedridden for the rest of her life. Annie asked Violet to quit her job and break off her engagement and come home to care for her mother, which she did. Apparently Violet did get engaged once more, to a man from the church where she played the organ, but her mother again insisted that she break it off and she did. When the tour guide got to this point in the story, I felt a little indignant at what seemed to me to be the selfish, controlling, manipulative Annie, who not only usurped her daughter’s life, but then had the gall to live till the ripe old age of 98, leaving Violet no chance at freedom until she was a very old woman herself. Violet lived in solitude for 13 years after the death of Annie, and residents of Dumfries who knew her say that she was very sweet and happy, never bitter or resentful. Of all the past residents of the house, it was Violet I most wanted to meet and felt I could learn the most from. In her situation, matricide probably would have at least crossed my mind, but apparently Violet approached sainthood in her patience and self-sacrifice.
Guess the little bird that told ya is now going to tell someone else who has the money to purchase your private information. Very bad form, Twitter.
Not including today I leave for Spain in 9 days. I’m pretty certain this time.
Alright
Here are a few ideas on how to save for music lessons:
Someone said to me today “Happy mothers day girl, I don’t know how you do it on your own through all that has happened and still keep smiling” … I said thank you, I smiled and kept it moving, but what I was thinking was … I do it because I have no other choice. I chose to have my son and whilst it wasn’t a decision I made alone, when I agreed to have my son I promised to love him, look after him and nurture him for the rest of my life… that promise I will never break. Wherever my son is is home to me. Wherever my son needs me to be is where I will be. When he’s sick I’m there, happy I’m there, says his first word, rolls over, discovers he likes a new food … I will be there every step of the way because he is my baby, my world and I will never let him down.
Then yesterday I participated in a local 5K run. I had planned to do the “jog a little bit, then mostly walk, then repeat” that I had read about and that I thought my fellow Optifaster had done in Disneyland. But I actually jogged about 65-70% of the trail (amazingly for me) because I was doing OK and also due to peer pressure, since everyone else was jogging. And I had lots of people slimmer than me and younger than me behind me. So I was thinking, wow, I’m pretty good! Although of course it was only 3 miles and a half marathon is 15.
I thought back to past seasons, all with the same coach and many of the same boys....
Ooo speaking of hair stuff...this is a nice way to end this today... I bought a little cheap checkered white and black headband in Forever21 the other day and I added it to my outfit today and it just made me feel like I had a little piece of flare. A little touch of feminity that made me smile. It's really hard sometimes to make yourself smile at yourself. Oh yeah..Need to work on straightening out my self-esteem too.
that he ought to "cover" the rockabilly song made famous by Johnny Cash, "One Piece At A Time," and put his original urban styling on it.
ASSUME THE THREAT IS PASSED. DANGER TO BOATS AND COASTAL
Although the Supreme Lord is full and has nothing to do, He works in order to set an example. He is not bound to His activities in the material world, and one who knows this also becomes free from reactional activities.
I reckon Defence Force chief General Peter Cosgrove sums it up pretty well in one of the ads when he says that he reckons Australian soldiers would hate to be thought of as anything but regular men and women despite having done a job for their country that was nothing short of extraordinary. I reckon they might also have appreciated a quiet beer at the appropriate time and that they might just have cut loose on leave at one time or another. Raise A Glass is as much about remembering them and taking the time to ‘share a beer’ with those no longer around. It certainly DOES NOT glorify war, nor does it encourage, promote or condone idiot drunken behaviour.
In Jesus’ Name, Amen.
Around mid-April, I finally finished the first rough pass, printed it, and swapped it with Kat. She returned that copy a few weeks later, and although I know she's an art teacher by profession, I learned she's pretty good with a red pen too. Despite all the corrective encouragement, it took me a few more months to muster the motivation to take another whack at a rewrite. This whack coming not without another competitive challenge from my friends. We had decided to claim this November as our own 'rewrite in a month' (or so) project.
Me - You're right. Happy Mother's Day.
Along with ritual, this is a good time for relieving stress, teaching your body to relax, using meditation and essential oils can calm the mind and body and make the stresses of life easier to handle.
Zoe is 5yo and is as excited about learning as anyone I know. As we begin our unschooling adventure, I cannot help but think that it will be a wonderful, amazing journey in which Cheo and I will learn as much as our dear daughter.
I know we are waiting for Christmas
2. Make straight A's in school and dedicate myself to learning as much as possible and graduating ASAP.
This blog will be my journey into the land of self-employment, the land of retail and hopefully the land of art!
If you don't have a recipe for the frosting I would highly recommend this recipe. You can make icicles with it and it also drys hard!
“Hundreds, too impatient to wait, deserted the ferryhouse and repaired to the dock adjoining the ferry, and then proceeded to Jewell’s Wharf and Martin’s Stores, a short distance from the ferry on Furman Street, where they were aided in their descent to the ice by means of ropes and ladders. The ice had become so effectually jammed that it was immovable and the passage across the river had every appearance of safety. Hundreds who were less courageous stood upon the shore and cheered most lustily those who had the temerity to attempt the passage. For over an hour this mode of crossing the river continued.”
You may want to do this for your other websites as well. The target website doesn’t have to be a blog; it’s just that the search itself is limited to blogs. But believe me, there are a lot of spam blogs re-using content, and it’s good to know when they are doing this to you, because they never use trackbacks.
They did not like the results. Apparently, many French smokers have decided that they're just not going to adhere to the Neo-Bishops of Do-Gooderism. Oh, but of course, the anti-smokers always have an answer to everything:
Let’s close by considering these words of Paul found in the first chapter of Colossians. Pay close attention to the use of the word ‘all’.
Then the excess is brushed away, and what remains in the outline section is burnished vigorously using one's finger. It brings up a sheen that is very pretty, plus then the glitter doesn't come off. It needs no sealer. Different colors of glitter are applied to each section in the same manner. It's really a very pretty effect, and fun to do.(There are some very good videos on Youtube..search on Ritz Glitter). I had a boo-boo at the top of the main image with the bowl of cherries. Wasn't watching what I was doing, and a piece of tape stuck to the very top. When I got the tape off, there was a 'bare place', so I had to think of how to cover that mistake, and still salvage my image. Finally found a Spellbinder image that I could cut a frame which would work effectively with the image, so I used some red mirror paper (bought around Christmas time, didn't get used), and I think it emphasizes the red in the cherries. What do you think? The blue paper is from Memory Box, don't know the name. The silver is embossed with a Cuttlebug Folder provided for class use. Hope you enjoy the card. Have a wonderful day...it's nearly Friday.
Okay, so here I am on a cold sunday morning and it is -20 C and we have had about 15cm of snow in the last 48hrs! Ahh!! That was following about a week of +11C weather!! ha ha ha. how cruel is mother nature to give you a taste of whats to come and then right back to cold! Anyways, so I made this layout to try to catch up with some stuff from my daughters earlier months and also to remind me that the nice weather does come. It was inspired by some challenges that are involved with the crop out for a cure for Diabetes. One of the challenges was to create something that celebrates spring. And the other challenge was to create something about someone that inspires you. So I created it for my daughter because she has inspired me to remember to stay young at heart, and to always laugh and be happy.
Looking back, I would say my studying and learning style for this test probably worked fairly well. Just yesterday, I condensed my 50ish page essay outline down to 11 pages of bullet points which definitely helped on this test for references to quick talking points. I also utilized our class outline, which grew to over 80 pages, while I was studying, and I wouldn’t be against doing something similar in the future with another class or even a smaller group throughout the semester. If I had any advice for future students in this class, it would be to start big and work down to small rather than the other way around which is typically how I learn. If you are learning about the Commerce Clause start with a broad grant, broad interpretations, and work down to the smaller details and differences in cases. It is not how you will need to analyze or memorize the info for the test, but in order to see the big picture and how it all fits together (for example, the Commerce Clause + the Necessary and Proper Clause), you have to take a step back.
It’s the second week of the Challenge and Captain Savage is on holiday losing karma points by the minute (just for having a good time, SURELY that must be sinful) so I’m using the opportunity to stack up as many points as I can (but as they can only really be awarded by CS that’s, well, a bit pointless really)!
At the Oklahoma City Winter Quilt Show, I was asked about the Beautiful Belle Handbag Pattern. She was looking to make a gym bag and was hoping I could give her some insight as to whether it would work well. Of course, I hadn't made it yet but I promised her that I would and review the pattern right here. Here goes!
The Role of the MMO during Seismic Testing
... than Aretha Franklin's "Respect!" (song posted on side!)
A new book by Stephen Budiansky may provide some answers. In “Perilous Fight: America’s Intrepid War with Britain on the High Seas, 1812-1815,” Mr. Budiansky asserts that 15% to 20% of American seafarers at that time were free African Americans. Half of the Black seafarers worked in menial roles as stewards or cooks, but the other half were regular seamen, with jobs equal to their white shipmates.
When I queried these new arrangements with the bigwigs at Cowley Street (as it then was) I was told that if we, as a party, wish to fight against the database state and the infringement of individual rights, then we must insist that our members suffer every possible indignity and packed off to Guantanamo bay in orange jumpsuits at the slightest excuse.
The sun is bright in my office today. I look at that as a sign that the events of this week will brightly guide my life to come. That sounds kind of corny, I know. But I’m a bit mentally overwhelmed at this moment. Tomorrow marks a day that has been in the crafting stages for a very long time. I’ve written about it until I’m blue in the face and I do not plan on re-penning the actions that have led me here. As a matter of fact, today marks the last entry in my blog as it currently exists.
Anything the way
Happy Hump day Peeps!!
don’t have my work ethic. I’m tired of being told the government will take
So if self-publishing seems like your cup of tea then your next step is to get an ISBN number. This book identification number marks you as the publisher. If you want to be the true publisher and hold all the rights of your own book then be wary of the publishing websites that give away the numbers for free.
There are a million desserts that I love, but one of my favorites is cheesecake. I love all types of flavors. I never knew that there were so many varieties. When I grew up there was only the standard, cheesecake plain or cheesecake with cherries on top. Now look at all of the great varieties. I know I could almost pick a new flavor every day. Cheesecake.com has so many flavors and varieties to pick from that it takes me forever to look.
Exasperated by stupidity and cruelty, his incredible memory, deep compassion, and laser intelligence would quickly turn toward the potential for teaching with one question in mind—how can we overcome the self-centered ignorance and arrogance? He did it by reframing the “problem” as an exciting intellectual and human adventure. He turned every life circumstance into a teaching: his love of language and poetry, his encounter with technology, his degenerative blindness, his leukemia and all of its twisting path of promises and horrors. Here was a master teacher, through and through.
Parking-costs: 10,00 Euros (!!!!Horror!!!)(Secret number for getting into the parking-house after the show: ****)
So no, I’m definitely not a troublemaker; I’m just a mum trying to be the best parent possible, while still putting my enthusiasm and skills gained throughout my career to good use. I have views on this because keeping a career alive while being a parent is a very hard thing to do, and if someone isn’t going to hire me because of these views…well they’re probably not a company I want to work for.
23. Pretentious Assholes - Decisions
Finally, Mother's Day.
“Yes.” Janette’s voice was friendly and warm, “May I ask who’s calling?”
It appears a little blurry here, only because it's a little blurry in real life. Hey, what do you expect from a really old thrift-shop-estate-sale photo?
Hugvie is a huggable communication medium with a heartbeat created by Professor Ishiguro from Osaka University.
I swallowed my pride and took on assignments I wouldn't have taken since my earliest freelancing days-- articles for local publications, cheapie articles for websites-- because this is all I have and my daughter and I need a place to live. But I felt miserable about it. Then I pulled out all the stops and began trying things I'd never done before: I took out some Google ads, put out an ad on Publishers Marketplace, joined ASJA, started handing out my business card to people who spoke at seminars, asked for meetings with a couple of great agents.
the ripples and splotches rising with an unpredictable regularity so that
Amber’s gaze shot from the barrel of the gun to him. She stared at his mouth.
07 - Rockin' Roll Fire 04:54
Author: Catherine McKenzie
the hurt lessens
To a transplanted Southerner* like me, there is nothing like hot biscuits for breakfast. By which I mean the fluffy, bread-like items, not your little cookies that you have with tea.
WHAT NOT TO DO - never just walk out of a store and accept the fact they don't have a book you want - thinking you'll just try somewhere else. Instead, march right up to the front desk and tell them what you want! How will the bookstores ever know we don't want a store just full of Twilight and James Patterson if we never tell them? Remember, they're in customer service, they want you to be happy! But sometimes you have to let them know what will make you happy! (Blood Coven books on the shelves - whoo hoo!)
Once the story was well under way and I could see where it was heading I then went back and looked again at the kind of person she was and asked myself if she would necessarily do certain things, or think certain things, or believe certain things, none of which would affect the action particularly because she wasn’t make those kinds of decisions, not at the start of the book anyway. An optimist and a pessimist don’t go about making a cup of coffee differently, not essentially: the optimist might sing while doing it and the pessimist might not care so much if it was done right but the mechanics would be pretty much the same: spoon in the coffee, add hot water and milk and sugar to taste. What they thought about while doing this rather mundane task would be different and this is where I started to tweak the character.
I’m really excited about this! It has potential, I think!!
The result of the business cycle is that PETA wins donations and reinforces their reputation as the “watchdog” over industry, enabling them to perpetuate the cycle indefinitely. Non-vegan donors win a “victory” and a false sense that they are doing something to offset their own personal contribution to the hell that their innocent victims endure. The animal exploiters win by increased misguided public confidence that these products are “humane” and by obtaining the public relations support of a (so-called) animal “rights” organization. The losers, of course, are the innocent beings who are exploited and killed for the trivial pleasures of those who see them as commodities.
You can see the full reveal on the
Pressure and Pandemonium;
shrunken tumors…
Well, I leave you with Roseland NYC, one of the most intense concert videos I’ve ever seen, and I’ll see you soon!
I was so desperate to solve my problem skin I even posted saying how unhappy I was desperately seeking advice (revisit here). I had some fabulous responses and after considering that it may be hormonal I took a trip to my GP. I was prescribed this, which is essentially an antibiotic (erythromycin) for the face and contains zinc (massive spot busting formula which is fabulous for serious outbreaks). It only has a shelf life of 3 months and must be used carefully.
What about life? Did life come from lifeless matter? Does it make more sense to believe that God created life? When I think about the way my heart, eyes, and lungs work, do I conclude there must have been an intelligent designer? Do pumps, telescopes, clocks have a designer, or do they just somehow come together and perform their intended function?
My husband and I had just turned the corner, down a long street, heading back home. We had stopped at an intersection, when someone on a bicycle appeared in the near distance. As the bicyclist got closer, I had a to blink my eyes a few times, to make certain I was seeing clearly.
the man gave me a piece of paper confirming what I already knew -
Anyway Corbet, if you do happen to come out of hiding and read this little old blog from little old me, I want you to know that the door is always open, and if you are ever ready to let go of your, um, 'pride' and apologize to me, I would be quite happy to accept it and would be quite happy to re-engage you in communication and help you try to salvage what little good reputation you may have left in this province, should you ever want to try to salvage it.
would never dare to shake a stick
“Just a little accident with some nails,” he said. “Doesn’t hurt anymore, just a bit messy to look at.”
so.. me,adin, priya,rahul saiyya,rachu n radha.. decided to go this new themed restaurant near Andheri RTO.
My blindness is meant
Yes, the benefit to a gateway search host like OAC for finding aids is the fact that description is standardized, making information retrieval relevance possibly higher and more precise. Sometimes, though, changes happen in the local holdings, i.e. fixing a type, re-arrangement, new accession and there is a slight lag time between what gets hosted online locally and what is gets generated and hosted for OAC. So in cases like this, it is always a good idea to refer to your most current data management system for correct information, at least in my experience, and what we have told patrons. OAC provides a great way to cross-reference collections and use other search strategies not so apparent. What we have to be careful about is representing the collection with language that is both useful and compliant, and sometimes that is hard to balance.
You'll know before the dance is through
Look. I don’t hate Fred (Uncle Saul is a moron and Jeff makes my skin crawl). But the reality is, they are financiers, who have many different facets of their company and we wouldn’t give a damn about them if they didn’t own the baseball team we all love. What gets me is just how disingenuous they are. Normally, a team’s fan base doesn’t really care about the owner, unless they are incompetent (or in the Texas Rangers’ case, a former major leaguer, Baseball Hall of Famer and legend, or blow hardesque like the Steinbrenner family). If they just sign the checks and shut the hell up, no one would say a word. But as Metstradamus once said, garbage rolls from uphill, and at the hill of everything wrong with the Mets is the ownership.
For Zach, being just 4 years old, signing his name to 18 cards was an exciting responsibility for him. He liked writing his name and he is looking forward to the celebration at school today.
Girlie heaven.
Go forth with great joy, for indeed these are the days of the manifestation of My kingdom. In these days the reality of a supernatural church will begin to be understood in the land and will be according to My purposes, says the Lord. It is My will for My people to live in the glory of the supernatural realm. The supernatural events that you desire to see will become a reality, which will establish you in a greater measure of faith than ever before. So, arise and come forth into kingdom purpose, says the Lord God Almighty.
And I enjoyed this quarrel- well, my husband enjoyed it more:
for you have heard the words of my mouth;
After hearing the beautiful ballad in the same fateful year of 1984, Mexican singer and actress Daniela Romo decided she must have it. She co-authored the Spanish lyrics and recorded the song. Ready?
11. Piece of Home
Disc 9B (October 12th 1995) Budokan Hall, Tokyo, Japan
Finally, I know it’s not good etiquette to talk about money and budget when pertaining to the wedding but I pride myself on the honesty of this blog and I like to express gratitude when it’s due. The Scottish and I are grateful to his parents for helping with the monetary expenses of buying a custom-designed kilt, and want them and everyone to know how special they are to us.
So as I said, Polaris is no slouch. It not only is a very bright star, but it also has two companions, and scientists are still studying it because it is unusual in other respects. We’ll talk about those other differences another month.
Collard Greens
One thing that has almost disappeared from the show, however, are the episodes that deal only in the moment. Every recent episode has had some impact on the wider plot. There are no pesky ghosts or vampires that do not directly correspond to what’s going on in the wider universe. I think this is a bit of a shame, as the travelling and meeting new people was a core part of what the show was about. I simply think it would be nice to step away from the Abrahamic mythology to see some random, non-Western monster causing havok. Arc-plots are important to keep people watching, but it’s important not to move too far away from what people originally tuned in for. A light, non-arc hunt could really lighten the tone of the universal threats that are near-constant in the Supernatural Universe at the moment.
During those three days (which seemed to drag on forever) Jesse added a wood frame to my chalkboard. He found some scrap wood from my dad's shop that was already stained, cut four thin pieces, and attached them directly to the sides of the plywood with some wood glue and a micro pinner gun. I then added a couple heavy duty picture hangers to the back. I found them at JoAnn Fabrics and they look something like this:
One group of the Sisters had a hospital named Pleasure Gardens on New Earth, nearby New New York. This hospital was created before the Humans got there and was created to deal with all their diseases. They had cures for nearly every known ailment and were able to heal their patients with remarkable efficiency. Many of the treatments shouldn't have been discovered for at least a thousand years, according to the Doctor.
All in all, this model is wonderfully disgusting. I really enjoyed the opportunity to work on a mini that had a different shape to what most minis have (rock-hard abs, chiseled jaw, full of muscle, etc.), and it alowed me to try out a few different painting techniques, which I was really happy about.
Only those of you who are mothers can imagine how or why I am feeling so empty and alone right now. After all, my daughter is happy! She is exactly where she wants and needs to be.
No one would lock their doors, or apperception if you barged into their homes uninvited, accomplished accidental conversations, or rummaged through their possessions.
All the equine on the Donkey Whisperer Farm are on strict low sugar diets. I am seriously micro managing Rio and Rocket Man’s weight loss and yet I am working harder and harder to keep them fit. Since the car accident the donkeys are putting on weight and they are not on a pasture they are on a dry paddock with a few hours of brush eating a week. Why? Lack of exercise before the accident we went for hikes as Rio was too young to ride, Rocket Man came along on the circinlgle. These things happen and just like a human they have had more days of eating and less exercise as too many calories creates excess weight. Ownership of equine is a huge responsibility one that takes dedication, creativity and a continuous awareness of how to do things better never settle always try to do a better for yourself and your equine is my motto.
If anyone is interested in offering a critique, I am very open to polite and constructive feedback. I have pretty thick skin after spending last year on Critique Circle and I value honesty above all else. However, I will note this is my first foray into fantasy on a public level. Any help is greatly appreciated and I’ll do my best to return the favor.
to lie with him.
I remember when I was little, my brothers had them and I'm pretty sure someone in our family made them... out of socks...yep, that's how they use to do it!
One hour later it was still there and by the time I sent you the report, maybe 3 hours later, it was taken. I hope is enlightening someone's night.
frisbee
Dishes.
The first several shots take place at the Exton Barnes & Noble, where K.M. Walton brought a number of area YA and children's book writers together for what was a genuinely good time. We're all together in that first shot—K.M. Walton, Elisa Ludwig, Amy Garvey, E.C. Myers, Monica Carnesi, Ame Dyckman, Dianne Salerni, and me. And then there's Ame (who got a fantastic New York Times Book Review assessment of her Boy + Bot just last week), Elisa, and Eugene.
Among those who did give figures on shariah scholar salaries, there was considerable variation. Professor Rodney Wilson, a member of the Durham Centre for Islamic Economics and Finance, says that the most in-demand shariah scholars are paid $2,000 a day. Reuters has quoted an unnamed banker as saying that some scholars charge around $1,000-$1,500 per hour of consultation — in addition to an annual bonus of between $10,000 and $20,000 per board seat.
I was dressed and ready to go but fell asleep.
He wore these (size 7, toddler) for a solid six months, and wore them out, but they never fell apart. They held up through playground duty, walks around the track, daily errands, being puked on more than a few times, and hence, thrown in the washing machine just as many. As Bob Seger would say, “like a rock.”
539
After months of deep, searing depression, she was finally happy.
Not only upside-down elephants but pink elephants. And yawning lions.
In the last two games which I watched they are competing with Talk ‘n Text and B-Meg Llamados. The team’s game with the Talk ‘n Text was a great one. The team was supposed to loss from one of the strong contenders of the cup, but Ginebra magic is really in the game. But they are quite the ‘dehados’ in their game with the ‘Llamados’. In the said game, Kings own the first and second quarter but failed to grab the victory from the Llamados in the last quarter. That game, spirit of cooperation is not seen on the team. It was the reason which I think the team loss in the game. Also, Mark Caguioa being not on the game really affects the match-up. He serves as the leader of the Gin Kings, and his team-up with Helterbrand is the team’s advantage in every match.
The class includes;
The idea of a meme is that you will visit each others blogs and perhaps leave a comment to encourage your compadres!
Decided to collide and just embrace?
The administration of those intravenous drugs by unlicensed personnel has been problematic, according to the complaint filed by Shapiro and Leibig.
My best friend and his father were out car-shopping in the Kinross/Secunda area, when they were pulled over by a police vehicle, for no apparent reason (he was in standard 5 at the time). They were both shot and killed on the spot.
Years ago, I was blessed with the responsibility of directing the youth ministries of my home church. It was a job that I fought tooth and nail against, hoping to remain in the safe cocoon of support ministries and not the actual, ahem, "leader"! But alas, God won, and there I was staring down the barrel of activities galore with oodles of youth ages 12 and up. I remember our very first meeting when there were probably fifteen children in attendance and I swear that evening I actually heard the crickets chirp as I giddily tried to enthuse those 15 warm bodies that sat staring and waiting for my grand plan. Blink...blink...blink...chirp!
In short, based on the testimony presented at trial, the court concluded that the Warner-Lambert inventors were concerned only with carbonate ions, had no intention of claiming bicarbonates, and consequently had no intent to deceive the PTO in not disclosing Vasotec®. Id.
Why do I share this tidbit of historical gardening trivia?
Hello my wonderful friends out there in Foodieland! I know I have been absent for a long time (it feels like forever for me). Lots going on in my life and unfortunately cooking took a backseat to most of it. I finally buckled down and decided I needed to get back in the saddle so I sat down to create a menu for the week. I had glanced over the store fliers and saw that my local Albertson's had fresh halibut for $15.99 a pound! I know that seems like a lot even on sale, but halibut can be upwards of $28.00 a pound later in the season, and seeing as it is my all time FAVORITE fish you know I was jumping up and down like a little kid that just found the toy they want in the Toys R Us catalog!!
You were the best parent! You do not deserve this adult person coming to your door and steeling from you. You don't deserve to live in fear of your life, sanity, possessions and health. You shouldn't have to be forced to call the police and wait sometimes hours for them to come to your house just so you can get some sleep as they drive off your adult child to jail for the night.
New Dominion Bookshop, in Charlottesville, Virginia, is definitely an old-school bookstore that hasn’t changed significantly in the almost 30 years I’ve frequented the place. While not large in size, I’m always impressed by the strength of the collection, seeing books there that I just haven’t encountered elsewhere. For starters, check out the poetry titles just to the left of the front door. Because poetry is a largely regionalized and localized literary form, chances are good that you will encounter new titles of interest. Be sure to head to the landing up the stairs at the back of the shop for its perspective of the entire store—warm, wooden floors; comfy, area rugs; big plate-glass windows; and books everywhere.
My only slight (well perhaps more than slight) beef is with the cover image. Their original promo showed a cover which was to all intents and purposes a straight lift (bar lettering and recoloring) of Barks original classic cover design. This might seem lazy and non creative, but it was actually the way to go, designers are functionaries on jobs like this. They are acting as MC's to the main performance and as such they should cleave to the principle that less is more and not try and grab the spotlight themselves by attempting to be too clever and assembling elements of the artist's creation in ways which they were not intended to work. This is precisely what has happened with the new cover design, which falls into the same trap as the earlier Gladstone series by cobbling together portions of Barks' story panels to try and create a new cover image - this just doesn't work. The beauty of using artwork which was designed to fulfill the function of a cover is that it's already designed to do the job you request of it. And it conforms to that most important design principle;
I'm in the process of moving everything I own to California, so spent most of last week packing. I didn't run (or bike or swim or anything) on Monday or Thursday or Friday of last week. But I did spend virtually all of my free time on my legs, packing, going up and down and up and down stairs, carrying boxes, etc. And the last thing I was thinking about was the marathon. I threw a few things in my suitcase on Friday and took off for St. Cloud. When I got up there, I wasn't even sure I'd packed shorts!! I had. But I didn't bring my electrolyte capsules, and that wasn't good.
You are eating rice cereal, oatmeal, peas, squash, and zucchini. You love the oatmeal best! Peas, squash, and zucchini, not so much.
When you're looking at art, you know that to the artist that created the piece, every piece tells it's own story. No matter the place or time, the inspiration that started that design was something special to the artist.
Before the minimum wage was introduced during the Great Depression of the 1930s, there was no national minimum wage, or indeed any legislation to protect workers from exploitation. Because of this lack of regulation tens of thousands of workers were routinely exploited in sweatshops and factories, forced to work in horrible conditions and for pennies a week. Early attempts by labor unions to create a mandatory minimum wage were ruled unconstitutional by the U.S. Supreme Court on the grounds that they “restricted the worker’s right to set the price for his own labor”. This allowed employers to continue exploiting their workers through the Great Depression of the 1930s, when incredible demand for jobs caused wages to drop even further to an all-time low.
The film isset I the “Golden Age of Porn,” aka the late ’70’s-early ’80’s. Burt Reynolds plays Jack Horner, a producer of adult films who turns a high school drop out, dishwasher and male prostitute Dirk Diggler (Mark Wahlberg) into a major adult film star. For two and a half hours, we watch the hum drum, glamorized world of adult filmmaking simultaneously with Diggler’s descent ito drug addiction.
Jenifer Cowles
Beside a public bar in Lower Thames Street, 260
Here, in a colour tribute to Christmas (surely the most beautiful green event of the year?) are some of the images that have helped persuade me that I should be joining the green brigade. (Some are a few years old, but their originality hasn't dated.) Forget the old regal greens. The new greens are dramatic, daring, sassy and oh so seductive.
Always make sure any frozen meat has been thoroughly defrosted. And wash hands thoroughly between preparing raw meats and handling other foods or utensils. Also be very strict about utensils being cleaned after using with raw meats, and ensure that marinades that have been in contact with raw meat are disposed of.
4. Dean and I love watching House Hunters, but we totally stink at guessing which house they’re going to pick! We have a 1 in 3 chance of getting it right, and yet we can NEVER seem to guess right! It’s so annoying. Last night, however, Dean guessed right TWICE, and I was really mad because I guessed wrong and now he’s winning. ; )
Mash the dal with potato masher or in a food processor. Take it in a bowl and add the required salt.
I feel this truth of this quote more acutely now that I actually see my skin ageing – it’s no longer an abstract I read about in magazines. In theory, I accept ageing as due course. In reality, I have to restrain myself from losing all control in the beauty section of a department store and start flinging money at La Mer, La Prairie, SK-II, etc.
The rustle of leaves, chilly evenings and a good walk in the woods. It’s harvest time, and we’ve brought together sugar snap peas, carrots and robust roasted red potatoes – great vegetables of early fall to steam up for a burst of real stick-to-the-ribs flavor.
My brother and I decided a while ago that when it came to coming up with a title, we would both brainstorm and write down ideas – any and all – that we could think up over, say, a week. Then we’d send them to each other and decide which were our favorite. Then we’d talk until we both decided on one that we felt fit the book (though I have final say, my brother is as creative in many ways as I am, and his ideas usually have good reason behind them).
This has happened to me a few times in my life. A few years ago a bought an AMAZING jacket from Shieke. It was the perfect fit. It came in at my waist (which is the smallest part of me) and flared out like a 1950’s dress. It was a great ‘transition’ jacket as it was a light material and had three quarter length sleeves (being a hot body, perfect for all through winter). I wish that a bought more than one… It was expensive but would have been totally worth it. Ive been wearing it for years and years now and the buttons are starting to fall off and the colour is fading. I will be taking it to my local seamstress for a ‘re-gig’ (buttons and lining), but I regret not buying more than one that day.
In the middle of both final chase scenes, (one of) the vehicles our heroes use to flee from the Terminator/T-1000 are toppled over.
Brown yarn for the stalk
Coordination – There could be multiple go-to-contacts for individual components of a service causing confusion to business.
Thanks, everyone, so very much for supporting my blog! I can hardly believe I actually hit 500 followers today!
So I went to Debenhams to look at handbags and feel better about myself, but it wasn't working. So, I went to Superdrug to look at make-up and fix the foundation that came off my nose, but all the while all I could think about was how he'd so easily believed me. So I decided to go and get some food to make myself feel better, since I was pretty hungry anyway. But that didn't help either, and so I decided to go back. I wasn't sure if he would still be there, but luck so had it that he was still looking for people when I got there.
Though there are literally hundreds of hybrid varieties that have been developed over the centuries, most peonies share both a common origin and fairly similar characteristics. Many resemble a herbaceous shrub.
‘What’s the difference?’ They yelled.
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone! I hope you all have a happy and healthy Thanksgiving and that you are blessed to eat so much turkey, gravy, stuffing, and delicious side dishes that you will be ready to burst. :)
Mr Smith was employed by Mr Whyte – of course he would be linked with him. He never spoke out against Mr Whyte (and it would have been unprofessional for him to do so) but he did have options.
Maybe the wasps
Typically current F1 cars use dozens of Li-ion cells packed into an array forming a ‘battery’ pack. This KERS Battery Pack is commonly a single part sat under the fuel tank. Although often used as a single battery, the unit can be broken up into a set of batteries in series.
on 28th December Jo and I had our Christmas crow day
But if there’s a day that does get me down, it’s surely the first of the month. Bills are due and payday is usually a week or two off still, and there’s monthly updates on all the various websites I maintain, meaning I can see how badly traffic has dropped off. (Yes, sometimes it goes up instead. But I’m looking after enough websites at this point that at least one is sure to be dipping, so every month is at least a little bit depressing.)
And here's how we ate them. I prepared a bed of good fresh lettuce dressed with a vinaigrette of Dijon mustard, honey, red wine vinegar and olive oil. Then cut rounds of bread and topped with goat's cheese, and put on a tray in a fairly hot oven to bake with some slivers of jambon cru (Parma ham) and the halved figs, each spread with a little clear honey. Everything cooks together for about 15 minutes, or until the cheese looks done. Delicious!
The bone box belonged, as the inscription indicates, to a James, a son of Joseph and a brother to Jesus. What will forever remain unknown, regardless of the conclusions of scientists and theologians, is whether the James, Joseph and Jesus mentioned are our Lord’s earthly “father,” brother and our Lord himself. Although such a connection may be probable, we need not know for certain.
emerge from the depths of Windermere, report Paul Duncan and Peter Otway.
frame within which the allegations are reported.
Host: That’s a real interesting point there Gene, and we’ll come back to it in just a minute….
Daylight Savings Time & shorter days + 30 degree weather & rain/sleet/snow outside = me wanting to stay wrapped up in a blanket all day.
It has progressed to anytime T-bone walks in we yell "Steeeeeevvvveeee" and ask how he is doing. We want Steve the Shark to be captured in all his glory so please start using Steve's name when referring to ridiculous situations. I went down to my old home, Carbondale, and T-bone made sure I kept Steve in line and didn't let him eat anyone. We want him to become the bar's mascot and are going to make shirts. The shirts will have a picture of Steve on the front and on the back his own catch phrase,"Don't pet the Steve." Because you can't pet a shark without his permission we highly advise against petting him in any way.
Here are some suggestions for stellar business cards:
The second problem with these passes is the idea behind locking away purchased content. The content is already on the disk, and has been paid for. When somebody pays for a game, they are knowingly paying for everything that is contained within the disk. Instead, publishers have locked away paid content, only granting access to your purchased item to those who are willing to pay for it again. This raises a few questions; How much of the game did you pay for? How much of the game do you truly own?
Mildred Packer was a young woman from rural Kansas who came to Red River in the summer of 1971. Her and her husband came for a few weeks each summer and always stayed in the same hotel. Her husband became popular with the drinking crowd in town while Mildred tended to spend all day in and around the hotel. According to local legend, she was a shy, timid woman with an alcoholic husband who abused her both emotionally and physically for years. According to local legend, this summer of 1971 saw the husband spending the couple’s “vacation” fishing all day with other men and then drinking all night long in the town’s saloons and bars while his wife stayed back in their hotel room alone. According to legend, after about a week in town, Mildred Packer’s husband promised her that he would take her square dancing at the Red River Community House that evening after he had another long day of drinking and fishing.
Not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse;
We have been here for each other through pretty much everything; we make each other better day by day. Iron sharpens iron, you know. She has always been here for me, regardless of how much I have ever hurt her, and I am trying to make that up to her. Last spring, I pretty much gave up on everything and everyone. I focused so much on school and work only, that I lost track of who I was, and where I wanted to be. I threw everything on the ground and turned and walked away. When I opened my eyes to my stubborn pride, she was one of a very small group of people still there when I turned back to survey the damage I had done. We had a huge heart to heart; we both cried. She tried to apologize because she has a sweet heart like that. I really hope that never changes.
King Ezana
My fourth favorite single of April is the absolutely stunning return of one of my long-time favorites and most influential songwriters of my lifetime, Fiona Apple. I absolutely adore this song! It is the first single from Fiona’s upcoming 4th studio album, “The Idler Wheel…” This song is like classic Fiona Apple but taking things in a very new direction for her. This song is more upbeat than much of her past music and has a really fun, lighthearted sound. This song, to me, kind of flutters, like a butterfly. This sounds like I am letting Fiona Apple rub off on me and waxing poetic but I just mean that it has a very light, airy sound, but then weaves in some heavier elements. I don’t know how to explain it except to say that you should definitely listen to it for yourself. Lyrically, this is really just a song about feeling the need to clear your mind while also wanting to really feel and experience everything in your life, which is definitely something that I can relate to. Like I said, I definitely think that you all just need to listen to this song for yourself.
Now that you’ve heard (and seen) what my YOLO Curve experience was all about, how would you like to experience the magic of a YOLO Curve treatment for yourself? Well, if you’re local to the Cincinnati/Dayton area (and if you’re willing to drive to Springboro then I suppose anyone could enter) you could win a 30 minute YOLO Curve session from Revitalize MD! Details and Enter below using the Rafflecopter widget!
Moreover, Seligmann performed the role the accuser had assigned to Adam, the sometime groom in the accuser’s tale. (In one version, Adam was getting married; in another, Matt was.) Adam did many other things, according to the accuser—he and Kim Roberts helped her get dressed; he then joined Roberts in helping her to the car.
kit. Back then we didn't have the resources we have
So why do they only fixate on the gay people?
Yes, I am starting to think we either attract chaos, enjoy it and just keep doing stuff so it never ends, or the universe is having fun with us.
which you indeed received and in which you also stand.
Thus, finding obscenity on a wall… Was something special to me. Something I couldn’t get. A similar thrill to finding a copy of Playboy under your friend’s dad’s bed. Meaningless by today’s internet-porn standards, but substantial to those of us who lived in the good ol’ days of the late 1970s and early 1980s. Back when CB and Ham radio was the SHIT for connecting to others, but was way too complicated for most people to become savvy in. (I never did finish learning Morse Code…)
And what could be more innocent than going roller-skating. Together, we'd go late Saturday afternoons to the boxfresh local leisure centre, where we'd tear around in a circle to Heart Of Glass, Oliver's Army, Clog Dance (worked a treat) and Into the Valley, trying not to but secretly hoping to do a Frank Spencer and impress everyone forever (see below).
What was the first writing competition you entered?
The die cut corner is from Whimsy stamps, I love using it. I placed a red pearl on it to put some effect on it.
Two original pages from Firestorm (DC Comics) by Gene Colan – winner (HMag) for the pair (to see images click here).
Operation Embarrass Your Congressman. The idea is to get hold of your Congressman’s public appearance schedule (I’ll do that for Jim Himes shortly), grab some like-minded colleagues and (civilly) ask the fellow embarrassing questions like, how much of the Health Care bill have you actually read? If “the $1 billion allotted for your Cash for Clunkers program was expected to last through November and instead was exhausted in one week, how confident are you about the cost estimates for your health care plan?’. Etc. Lots of suggested questions at the link but surely you’ll be easily able to come up with your own. As the Professor reminds us, dissent is patriotic!
yesterday. I've finally started working on painting that desk that was in there, so the nook
Swede let it go and stepped over to the ruins of a grain truck that had been parked behind the barn to rot. She shinnied up the big rumplike fender and sat there with the wind tugging her hair. It was a cutting wind; the light was leaking from a mottled yellow sky. Imagine a sick child all jaundiced and dirty about the cheeks--that's how the sky looked. I picked up Davy's knife and tried it against my thumb, then beheaded the snow.
U.S Coast Guard Academy
They destroyed our families’ factories and they took our homes
So, I sat on the bed and waited for my bug-killing husband to go kill the roach. He asked me where it was; I don't know ... running out of there was more important.
Hello everyone:
01 - Flirtin' With Disaster 05:08
A. Oral Torah commentaries on written Torah. These include “Sifra to Leviticus; Sifré to Numbers; another Sifré, this one to Deuteronomy; Genesis Rabbah; Leviticus Rabbah; and the like.”[4] All of these were written between the first and sixth century A.D.
I offered them a second chance. After those prepared students presented, I told the rest of the class that if they wrote me an explanation about why they were not prepared on time, and why they deserve another chance, then they might be given the opportunity to make it up. Last quarter our writing unit was all about persuasive rhetoric, so I added that they should know all about how to convince me.
I could not possibly review every company I come across and if I am considering a particular company which had not come under my radar, I normally wait at least six to twelve months. Most of the reviews on the POD, Self Publishing & Independent Publishing are generally on companies which have been in business for several years.
Story has ended, lights have faded
WARNING!!! Do not make these cookies.
Peaceful and calm, and wise and skillful,
I know, let's spend our way outta debt! Works for the guvmint. At least temporarily.
The reality is the project is moving forward and we are making significant progress on the site each day. Thus far we have contracted out over $42 million worth of work on the site and roughly 50% of the structures on the site have already been taken down. We have begun construction of the temporary rail yard and we expect to break ground on the arena later this year.
13. Dahmer Is Dead
It was more like a slow burn than a spark, but I’d say I started working in earnest on the project in June 2009, researching possible science projects and brainstorming plot complications and scenes. I turned in my final draft in February 2011. The book was released in January 2012.
Rantin' had to walk something back the other day: He suggested in considering the military budget that the generals weren't being honest in what they were saying about the budget. He had to walk that back real quick. Rantin' said that what he really meant was that Obama had announced that there was going to be $500 billion in cuts over 10 years - it was actually $487 billion, but close enough - and that the Pentagon had to form the strategy meet that figure. He said it should have been the other way around. That is, the Pentagon, unlike any other agency of the federal government, should have been able to say "this is what we want and you are going to have to come up with however much money it's going to take to do that."
BOOM. Now here’s a cute puppy to make up for the lack of funny in this post.
Some time during the night I must have been so overcome with suspense that I lost consciousness. I can only guess that one of the Guardians found My limp body lying at the top of the stairs and moved Me back downstairs because I woke up in the bedroom. What woke me up was Brother Henry shouting in excitement, telling Me that I had to come upstairs right away. I was still suffering from the debilitating suspense of the previous day, but renewed curiosity sparked by Brother Henry’s excitement drove me forward. With monumental effort I forced Myself up the stairs. When I reached the top, I was awestruck!
Baby I love you so much that I would run to you.
When I hear this part of the song I think of this last week, and the heavy/hurting hearts, and I am reminded that He is carrying us.....
In New York City, Steve and I had a horrendous and embarrassing fight that ended our relationship--something I still feel bad about a decade later. I didn't get to talk to Steve very much from that moment on, and ended up staying in New York for a few days with his girlfriend (who also had shared in this fight). During this trip, a girl with a guitar smiled at me at a Lower East Side coffee shop. I talked with her for a little while and learned her name was Madeline Peyroux, and that she was a singer/songwriter who had a Georgia connection (she had been brought up in Athens). We hit it off well, and she invited me to come and see her at a small gig she had that night in the Village. The enigmatic Peyroux is now an internationally renowned artist, but at the time, she was just a nice girl--with a remarkable voice and manner--that I happened to meet.
In the dead of Winter the Trees raise their Voices as One
5. Fur Trims. Line your cardigans, blazers, gloves and coats with fur trim this season. This will add an element of luxury to any look.
"Oh you too!" I answered as I walked right past her to the trash can.
Brammo, Inc. is a leading electric vehicle technology company headquartered in North America. Brammo designs and develops electric vehicles including the Encite, Enertia, Empulse and Engage motorcycles. Brammo is the current TTXGP eGrandPrix champion of North America. Brammo is an OEM supplier of its innovative Brammo Digital Drivetrain systems including the Brammo Power battery pack and Brammo Power vehicle management system. Brammo has vehicle distribution and marketing operations in North America, Europe and Asia. To learn more, visit www.Brammo.com.
because no one would ever try to hurt us
Pour the milk, sugar and vanilla into a sandwich sized zip bag. Squeeze out the air and seal. Put packing tape along the top of the bag to make sure it doesn't spill out. Fill a 6 cup(ish) container 2/3 of the way full of ice (you could also use a gallon sized zip bag if you prefer and fill about 1/2 way full of ice). Sprinkle ice cream salt over the ice, then add the baggie filled with the ice cream mixture. Seal the lid and shake, shake, shake! It takes about 5 minutes of shaking before the ice cream is ready. It will be about the consistency of soft serve ice cream. To get the ice cream out, I quickly run the baggie under cold water, then snip off one corner and squeeze the ice cream out.
18. Rusty Chevrolet - Da Yoopers
I told Tom that I think the trick to getting used to these dairy products is going to be for me to use them sparingly. Just a pinch goes a long way, apparently!
The track will reflect on changes in creativity and production, traditionally seen as the province of professional design but now driving new ways to work, socialise, be creative and live across society. This is informing the emergence of novel design scenarios to create products and services (e.g. personal manufacturing, peer production, fablabs, crowd sourcing, collaborative business models) on many levels: people, companies, organisations, institutions, communities.
Another issue I have is this….ppl keep calling Ian the poor people’s champion and alleging he has done so much for this country….how many of Alleyne’s arrests have resulted in solid convictions? Because a crime is only solved when there is a conviction….so, how many solid convictions has Alleyne’s show really resulted in?
2044.E-IX/20/1992. “Involve Congress in Vice-Presidential Choice.” New York Times, September 20, 1992, sec. 4, p. 16. See Chicago Daily Law Bulletin, September 2, 1992, p. 2. (Incorporated in Item C-1996(6), above, p. 253. n. 9.) See, also, Item E-VIII/8/2000, above. Compare Item C-1999(8), above. See, as well, Item C-2003(2), above, pp. 814-15.
I can see you now with your easy slice propped behind the nightclub alley,
This one is a little too creepy for me...
Just my two cents worth, from a non fan boy.
What kind of music inspires you? I’d love you hear your opinions…
Baaaaa (like the sheep says)
That's one hefty wee crossbow, there. And one big old dress. Who can shoot in that thing?? Well, Ismae, for one. Though many covers have no bearing whatsoever on the story inside of them, this whole dress-crossbow scene is actually in the book. Woot!
“Wouldn’t be nothin’ better,” Hood agreed. “Get cleaned up. Get some rest. Pick your crew, but leave us with some good men, and then map out your plan. Meet me back here tomorrow at 1400 to give me the once-over.”
Meanwhile, today's recipe is fish, despite not being top of my list of favourite foods. The two-legged mouse loves fish though so I have to find recipes that I'd like and experiment a bit - this one was a hit earlier this week, even with me!
12. It is fun proving the world wrong, so why would you follow the status quo?
I saw an error on http://www.interfaithcalendar.org/NewYears.htm, and have sent a request to correct it, which they need time to verify. They have given the Salivahana Saka Era and left out the Kaliyuga date and called it a Hindu Date.
Anyway.. here’s one such pic as referred to above. [I'm not putting any warnings about graphic content, life is full of graphic content, look away or leap off a cliff if you cannot copre with this basic fact]. This one’s from deviantart (a very interesting website if you like dark or deviant subject matter) and is called UNDER REPAIR. In some ways this reminds me of the James Spader movie Crash, where he was erotically affected by stitches, accidents and injuries… as they say, there is a fetish for everybody in the world really hey? Would you ever imagine finding stitches erotically stimulating?!?! (I could hardly bring myself to look at mine let alone at anyone else’s and as for licking and kissing them… (I’ll find a pic for you of this from the film. Brilliant film that but don’t watch it if you don’t like the dark side of sex or homosexuality, or other such kinky shite). Anyway back to this pic:
Now go have fun writing your kind of story.
Lossy Codecs reduce quality by some amount in order to achieve compression. Often, this type of compression is virtually indistinguishable from the original uncompressed sound or images, depending on the codec and the settings used. Lower data rates also reduce cost and improve performance when the data is transmitted.
Sun King Dominator Doppelbock 8.1%
Have a wonderful weekend everyone! We're going to be busy preparing for the arrival of family all the way from Australia next week ~ can. not. wait. In semi-not-really-related news, if you are an Australian visiting Madrid and I happen to hear your accent, I WILL just start talking to you ~ as happened today much to the amusement of the Aussie family concerned!
The reason for this post isn't to debate escorting vs. traveling. In fact, word on the adoption street is that South Korea is changing its adoption program and that escorting no longer will be an option. I am not sure exactly when this will be going into effect--supposedly sometime later this year. While I do understand the benefits of traveling, it also makes me wonder if this new requirement will deter any would-be adoptive parents from bringing a new child into their family. To my knowledge, South Korea is one of the only countries that allows for escorting at all anymore.
And they're spreading through your system like a virus
"You can expand your audience with the sixteen year old's POV."
Genres : Comedy
After just short of an hour I had reached shopping saturation point and it was time for lunch anyway. After a gorgeous salad it was time to finish off our little visit with a walk on the beach.
The CPC application cannot be filed until six months from the original (unextended) expiration date. It is recommended that the application be filed on the first possible day, since the legal effect of a patent’s expiration during the pendency of a CPC application is not known. There is no specific provision in the law for interim extensions comparable to that under the U.S. law.
We finally get to the pool, which is absolutely paradise. Sunblock in pump dispenser, big fluffy white towels, and lounge chairs were all at pool users' disposal. Paul also told us that frozen grapes and Evian water spritz (to mist your skin) is offered every half hour. I think Allison nearly passes out from glee.
I didn't screw up AND didn't get a glitched CD. ah the harmony of Ponty...
I've had lots of people ask me lately about my e-decorating services so I thought I would take a quick minute to remind y'all how it works. Basically, e-decorating is an abbreviated interior design service meaning it is not turn-key but I do provide clients with a Floorplan and/or Design Plan for a room or rooms in their homes that they can then implement themselves. It is a great way for me to work with clients from a distance and a great service for clients who are DIY'ers but need the vision of a designer to create a plan of action.
Doyle studied him, slowly shaking his head. “I don’t think that’s it at all. In fact, I’m convinced it’s not, and that makes me very nervous.”
With more than 500 people packed into the meeting, Al Sharpton had the crowd on their feet speaking about the role race played in Trayvon Martin's death.
We exist in a world where love can be hate, hate can be love, and racism means anything the establishment disapproves of.
Phew - what a fab list!
So, the moral of my story of Athens is the same thing my mom told me since I was a kid- Don’t judge a book by its cover. There were so many more things to see in Athens that I hope to get to do someday, but I’m really glad Athens showed me how unique and awesome it is.
Can anyone guess what these are for? Post a comment and let me know what you think they are and I will let you know if you are right!
red bell pepper: 3 nos
10. Doors facing Park repaired and painted.
Blue skirt: Anthropologie
'What do you expect a novelist to do, deny his feelings?' asked Martin Amis, when finally, towards the end, a questioner challenged him outright about what Maureen Freely calls The Controversy, reiterating the point he made in Saturday's Guardian.
…of not actually posting things that I write from day to day. I have about 5 posts backlogged on my dashboard just waiting to be typed up and posted. I also don’t want things to seem like married life with a Korean man is horrible. Yes we have had some moments of frustration. However, our lives mostly go on in a loving pattern.
arouses Sinbad's suspicions.
Isn't it pretty though? A little chocolate flower with gooey-raw-peanutbutter inside that somebody step onto. The cake just went flat before my eyes and I tried to fix it with what was supposed be a muffin topping. Hell I should be bricklayer not a baker.
The withdrawn document further adds that government will contribute to the power sector reforms by improving generation capacity through hydro and coal power plants.
More hugs. More talking about how I definitely should have done something. Something, but what? We talked about how important it is to stand up for people who need our help. She suggested that next time, we call on the Rescue Rangers, Chip and Dale, who will parachute in and carry the girl to safety. She said that she feels bad that she didn't catch the mother and put her in a big bag so the girl could get away.
Our holiday was wonderful.
My neighbor, Jeremy, took Jordan and I home from our first swim practice. I was silent in the backseat as the two of them talked up front. Jeremy pulled up in front of my house when Jordan finally asked me how old I was.
And this thing is, it was fairly successful. A lot of congressmen came out against the bill. Some of them were the original backers. A couple admitted that they hadn't read the damned things but were assured that it would be a good thing. The president has come down on it. Not bad for a buncha nerds.
How many of you eat meat?
If you are following our plan you must buy your ticket to Machu Picchu in Aguas Calientes. They do not sell them at the site entrance. For foreign adults it costs S 126 (US $45) for a one day visit. The price used to be for a multi-day visit, but unfortunately that changed this January. From Aguas Calientes there are buses (US $8 o/w) that take people to the entrance of the site. The first bus leaves at 5:30 AM and people line up much earlier to get on the first buses.
a void a light
I’d be damned if this fish got away.
no probs
So perhaps it's best not to try to belong. Stop trying to hurl my tiny useless body against the great ivy fortress.
I already have gone accepted the fact that book adapted movies are going to be different; but in the case of THG, I was very sad and disappointed, that they changed the part where Madge were ‘supposed’ to give the Mockingjay pin to Katniss. I think, that part is one of the ‘essential’ parts in the book.
Paul: my critics are ignorant
I’m in the process of selling my books on Barnes and Noble.com and maybe getting them into Barnes and Noble Book stores. From reading the directions on the bn website, it seems fairly easy. They just need your ISBN and a copy of your book plus other information. I’ve also considered sending extra used copies I have at home to Powell’s Books. They offer the option to sell your used books online as well in their stores. I have no control over the book prices on Lulu. However, I think one way to get people to buy more books could be to sell them used which would lower the cost. Especially since the Graphic Novels are all being printed in color and can get a little expensive. I think selling them Barnes and Noble and Powell’s is a good idea.
It apparently is a free house but they seem to be advertising its range of forthcoming guest ales from a Molson Coors flyer which includes Worthington White Shield and others from their 'Shield' range.
I finally drifted off sometime after 5:30 Saturday morning to be awoken a little more than an hour later and wheeled through the catacomb of hallways that make up Ridges Hospital for an appointment with an ultrasound technician. She spent twenty minutes going over every inch of my legs in search of more clots. I asked her if she could tell me if she found anything but she said she couldn't discuss the results with me. I was taken back to my room and under a haze of Oxycodone and Morphine, unwilling or unable to sleep I sat up in bed pretty much numb to the world around me.
I wonder what other people make of the words we make up to describe economic trends: Mancession. The End of Men. He-Covery.
If I didn't have too many carbs already, I may splurge.
Frank Cottrell Boyce told the amazing story of a rich count who came into his money very young and spent his money on things most children couldn’t even dream of. Things like a full-size train track in his grounds to race trains, and putting a zeppelin engine in a car - the original Chitty - to race it at Brooklands (it could go over 100mph).
Several years ago, I made a radical decision to change my life. I began saying the most empowering word I have ever heard. The word is no.
This is obviously dependent on actually knowing the letters first! Be sure to build up to letter sounds once your child can identify each letter. This is a crucial skill as your child learns to read and must "sound out" a word.
Please remember:
The day passed, I got what rest I could trying to sleep during the day and when my boss picked me up, we headed straight on to work without picking up the guy. I asked where he was and was told his wife had called and said he couldn't make it, that earlier he had suffered an accident at home and had been forced to go to the emergency room.
a bowl of oats (10 teaspoons full (tea- NOT tablespoons!) with a handful of blueberries and a handful of strawberries with unsweetened soya milk, sprinkled with ground cinnamon and accompanied by coffee or tea (sugar-free)
This week, his team at Food Revolution revealed their new photo wall: the best and worst school lunches around the world. Visitors to the site are being asked to send in photos of their lunch, and viewers get to vote on what makes the grade. So far, it looks like mostly American lunches, with a few Japanese and Canadian thrown in for good measure.
I wanted to try and get a fantasy author - preferably me - onto the Queen of Teen shortlist to encourage diversity and show girls that it's all right to love traditionally 'male' things like books about battles and magic and sword fights. I also wanted to say: "Hey, this award may be pink and sparkly, but it's still a great thing that we should support and be happy about." None of that was necessarily a bad idea.
How are you all doing? Are you having a nice week so far? Did everyone recover from the Superbowl? I am having an alright week so far, I am very stiff from doing this deep cleaning that we have to do at work, it's VERY dirty work, and my knees are hurting from kneeling on the concrete. I just can't take that for too long, so this old woman had to take some Aleve! I made some very yummy guacamole for the Superbowl, it was mmm~ good! LOL! I will post the recipe for you if you like.
I was impressed by his call for a shift in culture that included tackling the major problems caused by the recent Remploy closures. The MSP said a change in attitudes to disclosure of health issues in the workplace was needed. The Q&A that followed gave Flourish House member Paul Mulgrew the opportunity to question the minister at length. It was a fruitful discussion dealing with the concerns that employers needed to do more to help support people back into work.
Mostly over the past couple of weeks I've been completely engrossed in my latest (and probably biggest) DIY project to date. A twin bed. Yeah people, a whole frickin bed. I must have lost my mind. Ha! But seriously, it was such a fun and rewarding experience, albeit a time consuming one.
The above image has a transparent background.
Person: Wow, these are amazing and you made truffles yourself! You are such a good cook!
“My education is very important to me. When I talk about where I’ve been, where I’m going, I always say, ‘I was here at the right time, at the right place, at the BIA’s expense.’ They sent me here, paid my way around, gave me money to stay. The more I stayed, the more involved I got with the movement on the island.”
These are just a few of my thoughts.
Children in the Wind (Japan…Hiroshi Shimizu)
These details seemed related because the JFK assassination and its aftermath happened live on television. It was a seemingly direct experience, just filtered through media’s commercial imperatives. It became a story, and in a story, everything should connect, but where was the author?
Never make your self-worth dependent on them.
Currently we don’t have a replacement (so if you are looking for a paralegal job?) so there is a bit of tension. I’m busy trying to finish up projects, write handover notes and a new version on the bible, while preparing myself for the new job.
I hated it.
Yes, radical.
Project 52: I did pretty good with this last year. I really enjoyed looking back at all the pictures when I put together the year review slide show so I'm definitely continuing this this year. The difference will be that I'm going to move it to the weekend and expanding it into a week in review.
One anti-sharing law was just overturned in Orlando, but the war on illicit generosity continues. Orlando is appealing the decision, and Middletown, Connecticut, is in the midst of a crackdown. More recently, Gainesville, Florida, began enforcing a rule limiting the number of meals that soup kitchens may serve to 130 people in one day, and Phoenix, Arizona, has been using zoning laws to stop a local church from serving breakfast to homeless people.
Fifthly.
All over France, documentaries and newspapers are talking about the "DSK effect". They're postulating that the treatment of women, the innuendo and harassment will no longer be tolerated because of this historic arrest. Yeah. I'm still waiting for the effect to sink in.
Nathan continues to talk and sign new things every day. It's a joy to watch. Greg taught him the sign for "Mama" and "Daddy" and he uses it liberally. Almost as much as "eat!" (almost) When you sneeze or cough, even slightly, he pats you and says "God bless you". For a while we couldn't figure out what he was saying...then he came out clearer a few days ago and we "got it". I meant to ask his teachers if he was doing that with them. But, yesterday Teacher Joyce sent her note home telling us they recently noticed he tells everyone "God bless you" when they sneeze or cough.
2 tsp fresh lime juice
I was wheeled up to L&D and the process began. IV, blood drawn, checked for dilation- one centimeter WHAT?! only one cm! this was going to be a long day. Contractions were 3-4 minutes apart but they weren't bad at all. At 3am I was offered an epidural. Hubby stood in front of me and I clenched onto his hand preparing for pain. But it was not nearly as bad I had anticipated. Actually it barely hurt at all just very uncomfortable- everyone is different, I guess I just got lucky.
and her face is far
I'm loving this program more and more!
Just as Arabs in the region spent the decades of supposed “quiet” by building and learning, Palestinians, and especially Palestinian youth, are regrouping and reconfiguring. If you think resistance in Palestine is dead, you have not been keeping up whatsoever.
Jatt: Seriously though. The forums are probably open minded when it comes to these sorts of things.
A Variety of Options – Punchline offers 11 different titles and 21 transitions, each entirely customizable. Editing controls are simple to use and easy to understand.
This dish is so easy to put together. I saw Giada's recipe, where she roasted the veggies. That was such a a good idea, because, the flavors of the veggies are intensified, as they caramelize, and give the the dish a wonderful, bright flavor. Only the cherry tomatoes aren't roasted There really isn't a sauce per se, which makes the dish even lighter. The veggies are roasted with an olive oil drizzle, and herbs. Pasta water is mixed in the pasta with the roasted veggies, tossed all together, and topped with Parmesan Cheese. Serve immediately. This is a light, delicious dish that won't weigh you down, perfect for those warm summer days!
So it was that WACAP contacted "Debbie", the adoptive mother of one of the "Journey of Hope" girls, and asked if they would be agreeable to a visit by their daughter's biological Uncle in their home. Of course this came as a huge shock to Debbie and her husband, who could not understand how the people described in their daughter's adoption paperwork as being too poor to care for their daughter were now suddenly able to afford to fly to the U.S. and tour around with their daughter's orphanage director. They were angry, confused and very frustrated as the realization came to them that they had been deceived by the orphanage to begin with. They informed WACAP that they felt very uncomfortable with the situation, and WACAP informed Director Pei that Debbie and the other families were not welcoming of his proposal.
Following is a short list of items I've fond while cycling over the years:
Ex-Imp manager Peter Jackson, the Bradford City Captain at the time, had held the Third Division Trophy aloft prior to a day of what many expected to be celebration. Instead something that should never have happened occurred, fans left home for a game and 56 did not return.
I get to know you better.
Me not so much worried that I lost everything I had … It is much sadder than the other: it seems I lost my “Poker Face” …
Sorry neighbors! I'll bring extra cookies at Christmas :)
Had it’s season finale. I read on another blog that this may be the last ever episode. It definitely had a feel of an ending. If it has ended right now that was a satisfying ending. Kenny got back to the Majors and bailed realising that he wanted his family instead. Faked his own death and headed back for April. It was funny when April pointed out that he could have stayed in the majors and invited them along to join him.
I’m a fan of Opeth and have been for a long time. I have even worked together with Mikael quite a few years ago and used to hang out with him quite a lot and know that he listens to a wide variety of music. I understand from reading reviews and interviews that this will be quite a different beast which I’m sure I will enjoy anyhow. I think if you’re an actual fan of the music, you will like most of what they do and if there’s a significant change you can grow with them. If you can’t I guess you were never a true fan – or simply have evolved differently. I know for a fact that Mike is like us in YOTG, a good song is a good song and his collection of records is all over the place so if he feels “fed up with metal” right now I understand him completely and am interested in hearing the new album. I’ll get back to you what I think of the album once I have heard it – I refuse to download albums by bands that I like. I buy it and patiently await the day of release. So all of you out there – if you like a band/ album BUY THE REAL PRODUCTS!!!! Download if interested in hearing something, but if you DO like it order the damn thing already. Hometaping is not killing music, Spotify and downloading for free on the other hand are…EDIT: Well, the new Opeth album is now released :) In short it’s a very refreshing album, and the production is excellent! To me it’s like a swedish progressive rock album from the 70′s – exactly what they’ve been saying in interviews, but once you hear it you can instantly tell that it’s Opeth. I bet this album is going to alienate a lot of old fans but as usual when a band steps out of the box they are sure to win over plenty of new ones. I received the album just a few days ago and still need to hear it more, as with any Opeth album it takes some time to “learn” it. In truth I was actually wishing for Watershed pt II, but now that Heritage is here I am glad that they didn’t go down that road! Different, but still 100% Opeth! Recommended!!
We’re not kidding, this is NOT a joking matter. You can’t afford to not stop whatever you’re doing this Wednesday and BULLET-PROOF YOUR BLOG!
Bloomberg’s money has been a centerpiece of the battle for control of the party. Ognibene says he is running against Ragusa in part because the current chair failed to secure enough money from Bloomberg when the mayor was seeking the Republican ballot line in 2009.
Masonry: A secret society with origins among medieval builders’ guilds in Europe. Its tokens, signs, penalties, oaths, and symbols (such as the compass and square) are completely unrelated to the tokens, signs, penalties, and symbols (such as the compass and square) of the LDS endowment.
The Reality
Life just took Adam Yauch back.. Rest in peace...
Firstborn: "Ten! Ten yawns! Muhahahahha!" Then he FINALLY leaves. My face is wet with tears and I can't stop yawning!Clearly, I'm making good progress towards my goal of raising future Sith Lords.
A celebrity photographer, FBJ shot the wedding of Alice Roosevelt, portraits of successive US Presidents, and produced vanity garden spreads for wealthy homeowners as well as photographing gardens for 'magazines of class'. But she used that access and patronage to further her own goals, to do things like documenting vanishing colonial architecture or the success of the agriculture college in Hampton, Virginia, where Booker T. Washington went to school.
In other findings, 48 percent said it would be acceptable to reduce funding for state prisons. Eighty-four percent favored keeping violent criminals in prison for their full sentences. Large majorities favored reducing prison time for low-risk, non-violent offenders. Some 87 percent said they would allow such inmates to be released up to a year early if they have behaved well and are considered a low risk for recidivism. When given a choice between violent offenders serving five years in prison or four years of a five-year term, followed by supervision for a year, respondents favored the shorter-sentence-plus-supervision option, 67 percent to 26 percent.
Stepping back to get a better view...check...definitely my front door...
James Robinson had one more for the road, police said.
10 I'm Afraid Of Me
General Information: Billy Taylor @ (619) 281-5964.
Imagine crowding into a small house to hear Jesus speak and standing on your tiptoes to see over the heads of the people in front of you.
Now that you are convinced that old CRT TV’s are things of the past, you’re probably convinced now to get a quality LCD TV display like the Samsung LN46B650 46 LCD TV with Red Touch of Color. But it is easy to get sidetracked with all the other TV’s being sold in electronic stores and online retailers. While the Samsung LN46B650 looks far better than the other LCD TV’s, there’s still the Plasma TV’s and you might wonder if Plasma TV’s are the way to go. Differentiating Plasma TV’s and LCD TV’s fully is the only way to make a final decision.
It was a really interesting lesson, as it made me really think about the way I sit and what I do with my seat. One of the interesting things we worked on was using my seatbones to straighten Echo. I have always used my weight to push her away - if I sit heavier on the left seat bone, I expected her to move away to the right, away from the weight. However, Wiola got me to use it to get her to bring her own weight under me. So that if I put more weight in my left seatbone, she will move her body under that weight. I need to think this through and have a bit more of an experiment with it, but it really did seem to work.
3. Place the aluminum bag on a frying pan. Cook for about 7 minutes in medium heat. Done.
darkened into winter.
Using your sharp crochet hook, sc across. I didn't count my stitches or make them even...I just eye balled it. You aren't really going to be able to tell but if you are OCD about being even then you will need to sc in multiples of 3 plus 1 for the base row. Like I said, I didn't count and you can't tell because when it's buttoned you can't see the last stitch.
To understand marketing, you must understand people. Analysis of the picture can tell us a lot about how different people think.
KH: In Alexandra Palace in London. It was 8500 people two nights in a row.
The ribbon I am not too sure about as it was also only a little piece I had lying about, so I will have to lie if I told you which make/brand it is....lolOkay the Papers and basically everything on this card was out my scrap box and the odds and ends box.....
"Nobody wears a cape. Nobody!"
Yes, it’s a little odd to have a movie that is equal parts Frankenstein and Hunchback of Notre Dame on a Christmas movie list…but like I said, there’s this odd crossover of Halloween and Christmas in movies…and this movie is simply too touching to be in the Halloween list (oh admit it, you cry when watching Winnona Ryder dance in the snow too).
I think I need to see it again, armed with this new found knowledge, before I decide.
Monday……………….1/23/12:Tunnels
I cursed under my breath and away from the phone. Not just because of all the hospital bills I knew were coming my way, but also because this was my son. I’ll be honest—the bills were the first thing I thought of, but picturing him hooked up to tubes and needles again crushed me.
Annie Hall
B2 - Play For Love
1 tablespoon instant nonfat dry milk
Hell-raising former Pogues star Shane MacGowan has finally swapped his infamous gnashers for a set of pristine new teeth.
9. Wiretree - Make Up
- It’s been 3 weeks since you debuted.
It's birthday time too. Mine! I will be 40 and plan to celebrate by touring the local brewery and then enjoying beer and music on the deck overlooking the James River. Good times I tall ya. Good times!
The context of this verse is that the Father would give more of the Holy Spirit (Himself) to us. So if we turn from our list of things and just ask Him to impart of Himself into us – more Spirit in our spirit, then the Father is able to give us a “much more gift” the Spirit. Then spontaneously the list of things is taken care of – maybe not in the way we expect or want it to be, but in the process we gain more Christ!
Why do lines develop? I’ve heard that when we die, the lines in our palms disappear. Do lines mark how we think, do crevices in our faces show the map of our lives?
another thing to add to my to do for the weekend.
Morphine was playing on the radio when I arrived at the shopping center. At Target, I picked up a lighter someone had dropped inside the store. It was filled with lighter fluid. It was light. It was pale pinky-orange-red. It was a cheap one. It had no markings. It lay on the carpet between the food area and the dollar deals section where the indoor carts cluster. A lighter would not be the kind of thing I would want running loose in my store. I gave it to the individual who processed my payment, which was for twenty per cent of the total and six times the minimum amount due. Exited without further excitement, leaving the lost light lighter behind, and photographed a round sticker with a happy giraffe face next to the pedestrian crossing area with its multi-stripes of safety yellow-orange that run at a diagonal to the curb kerb.
Right now I still work a full time day job, and then I go home and write and edit all night. It’s a crazy busy schedule, but I always reserve my lunch hour at work for reading. I treasure that hour to lose myself in a great book!
Look- here’s a table covered with a red cloth. On it is a cage the size of a small fish aquarium. In the cage is a white rabbit with a pink nose and pink-rimmed eyes. In its front paws is a carrot-stub upon which it is contentedly munching. On its back, clearly marked in blue ink, is the numeral 8.
The brightest children are almost four times more likely to suffer from the condition, also known as manic depression.
One night, Sherri and Jeff called us to invite us out to dinner, what a delightful surprise! We went to Tickles, a restaurant at Crown Marina. Tickles is a nice little restaurant with very good food. The atmosphere is friendly, with equal share of locals and "Yatchies". We had a wonderful time with Sherri and Jeff. They told us more about themselves, great stories about St. Thomas when Jeff was growing up there, and Sherri's stories of arriving there as a young woman from upstate New York. The evening flew by quickly,and it was so nice to feel like one of the "locals". Sherri and Jeff are a fantastic couple,very down to earth and funny! We could not ask for a better end to the most excellent vacation that we have had in a very long time!
Whilst the climate change 'scientists' still try to dazzle the world with their CO2 and global warming link, Japanese researchers have found that the sun is entering a period of reduced activity, which resembles the sun activity of the 17th century when the London Thames river froze over and cherry blossoms in Kyoto bloomed later. In the meantime, gullible governments the world over have chosen or are choosing to respond with policies to appease the climate change scientists 'research', even though they are still to convince the world that warming is linked to human made carbon dioxide emissions. Australia, for example, will soon have a Carbon Dioxide Tax imposed on every facet of the economy so that they can reduce their almost non-existent foot-print and feel good about doing absolutely nothing for the environment - apart from paying heavily in the form of a huge big Green tax. Yeah, go Greens! Meantime Germany, who has learnt the hard way what going Green really means to their economy will be building 29 new power stations so they can faze out their nuclear stations following the much hyped Fukushima non-fallout following the tsunami - some of the power stations will be coal and others gas. China is building a new coal-fired power station a week which will swallow up any emissions Australia won't be emitting as their economy slows down due to the carbon tax. It's a crazy world we live in and someone needs to stop the round-a-bout. Seems the sun is going to have the last laugh though.....
Rhapsody and Napster do support some MP3 players, so that’s a plus for them.
In order to save money, Fox and his family have learned to cut losses by investing in a variety of cash crops—corn, wheat and beans. By diversifying their crops, if one crop goes down in price in the market and become less valuable, Fox and his family can rely on one of the other crops to do well. They also fix their own tractors or other machinery without hiring outside help and have also made profits by selling cattle.
In the Northeast you will never have a year without diseases in your garden, but with good gardening practices you can at least keep them to a manageable level. My beans might always get rust every year, but the beans are still very productive. The tomatoes will get Septoria Leaf Spot no matter what I do, but I will still get many tomatoes off of my plants.
Chris: Uhm, Buffalo Bill died in the movie, remember?
A pattern began to emerge. Again and again, I was being told that the accompanying ‘text’ was great but ‘would I be willing to let it go to another illustrator?’ It took me a couple of years before I could bring myself to say: ‘yes’.
Rawly Eastwick, Reds: 1976 Topps
HMRC in conjunction with iSE are offering this session free of charge! Places are limited so please book early to avoid disappointment.
To all of the sneakers I passed up thinking I was too grown/good for you, I’m sorry. I’m so, so, sorry. I was wrong. Take me back, old friend. I didn’t realize how much I missed you.
Megan Anderson was one of those tentative people during her first pregnancy. Despite the fact that she was a seasoned competitive runner who knew her body pretty darn well, she was so unsure of what she should or shouldn’t do during her pregnancy she erred on the side of caution. “My doctor’s recommendations were the basis for my workouts. By the end of my first trimester I’d given up running and resistance training and would try to walk outside three to four times a week. I didn’t enjoy my pregnancy and often felt uncomfortable and lethargic.”
Boeing will create a research andtechnology center in Brazil to develop aerospace technologies.
And the Celtic Band and I
appreciating the stillness, the silence.
1 Wozniacki, Caroline
7) Alinea (Chicago, Illinois)
that will be changed, etc.
In my backtesting before doing this, I did see similar swings occur. This is a stay-the-course strategy that does, of course, carry the risk that it doesn’t bounce back. It is what it is. If and when price bounces back to execution levels, I will recoup the entire 20% I’m down and make additional profit as well. If it doesn’t, I won’t. So don’t be overly surprised if there are very high returns in a month or two at some point, or higher than average returns over a number of months. I guess, by the same token, I shouldn’t be shocked if current trends continue and I lose even more.
I've been prideful and arrogant in my marriage too. I've only been looking at where my husband disappoints me or lets me down, how he doesn't show up, where things feel hard, rather than seeing what I'm doing. Where I am closed and cold toward him and the damage I've done these last six years to his heart. It's not all him, and I think I was convinced that it was.
Try to relax as you sit there and wait
Then I went to do some trade-ins at the record store and got some kickass and diverse purchases: Led Zeppelin II and Ingrid Michaelson’s Boys and Girls. :)
Elected as a BNP councillor in May 2008 (Then known as Padraic Dunne) he defected to the EDP in June 2011, His seat is up for election tomorrow and he is defending it.
after the hoopla of last friday the weekend was quiet, unassuming and sweet. dinners with brothers, visits with sisters, driving in the country and golden afternoon light. though i look at cobalt blue skies and bare branches, i see the very beginnings of what will become spring. the world has its cycles and i welcome them. i live - i breathe - i am. acceptance.
Multiplied by
Like frozen fingers wrapping ’round my heart
“It could have bought thousands of meals, hundreds of counselling sessions, and years of medical care for the homeless, administered at Centre 454’s current location, where it works perfectly well at present,” said Nuthall.
And if not the Kardashians, then whoever the next schmuck on American Idol happens to be. Or Dancing With the Stars. Or whatever "reality" show du jour is "the thing" at the moment.
Elyse knows what it means to keep a secret. She’s been keeping secrets her whole life. Two, actually. First, that she ages five times slower than the average person, so that while she looks eighteen years old, she’s closer to eighty. Second, that her blood has a mysterious power to heal.
the same village,
Hi there MIM fans!!
I’m a fat lard!
No nation can endure for any length of time, if the marriage covenants are abused and treated with contempt. The anger of the Almighty was kindled against ancient nations for their immorality. There is nothing that should be held in greater sacredness than this covenant by which the spirits of men are clothed with mortal tabernacles.
BrooklynBrewery Local 2 (bomber) – While I’ve heard of Brooklyn, I’m not sure I’ve had any of their brews nor am I sure if it’s distributed on the West Coast. Described as a bottle conditioned Belgian Strong Dark Ale brewed with honey and spices, I was intrigued even if I wasn’t sure I would like it. As it turned out, it wasn’t too bad, not something I’d buy again, but something I’d recommend to others who like the style.
Lovely Rose scented Tilda. I have used papers from the same (Sweet Crazy - Magnolia) collection. Although you can't see much of it as I have added other things on top! She is coloured in Copics, as per. The ribbon is from May's arts, the butterfly is a Martha Stewart punch. Flowers are from WOC, but I didn't have a purple rose, and it was in danger of beeing very white, and I wanted lots of colour, so I used my Copic airbrush on it with some V09 ink. Rather please with my clever new rose. Lots of stardust stickels and gems. I also distressed the edges with acrylic paint and have machine sewn the papers.
The development comprises 112 apartments which occupy 116,000 sq ft and in addition, there is a nice 12,000 sq ft of office/retail space. Excluding the commercial space, the purchase price works out at just over GBP 140,000 (€168,000) an apartment for what would appear to be decent-sized apartments – 116,000 sq ft less 25% for common space divided by 112 apartments gives you 776 sq ft. The apartments are said to be in need of refurbishment and the development looks set to be rented to individual residential tenants. Two-bedroom apartments in the area appear to be on the market for well over €300,000.
If voters are truly sour on the president, then other states like Michigan, Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota, and New Mexico may well be in play after Labor Day. Indiana is already expected to swing back into the GOP column.
3. Farmer’s Carry 50lbs – 100 yards
cheer for this guy, and totally inspire you...
We have systemic greed on Wall Street that is a major part of our landscape, and it needs to be checked. There are bad people who want to break rules. That's what antitrust is all about. That's what regulation is for. Yes, in the late 70s we had too much regulation and too much bureaucracy. The pendulum has swung. Recognize it.
"Your messages about this matter have been passed to me and I intend to visit the area / site tomorrow morning. I have no further details at present than ‘a digger may be sitting on a mound waiting to dig it’. I will try to find out what is occurring and let you know." ... Paul's email 23 August 2011.
Watch out for my special deleted scenes post for this book tour! :)
In rape cases, the prosecuting attorneys often take the victim blaming approach in order to prove that if the woman had not dressed “like this” or “looked like that” they would have not attracted an attack by the assailant.
Heading back upstream, more trouble and we circle back to the floating house at the canoe berth, and our long-tail breaks down completely just as we edge up to it. Our captain is shouting something angrily to the four of five people who stand, unimpressed, watching our approach. He yells again and one of the women reluctantly goes into the back-room, presumably the kitchen, and returns with a meat cleaver. We raise out eyebrows and look at each other again. However, all he decapitates is a water bottle. The upper part is useful it appears, and after some repairs, obviously involving the introduction of some fluid or other, we are off. No more issues. With bumps, grinds and pushes and a great rearrangement of boats already berthed, we negogiate with the other returning long-tails and larger boats into a rare berth on the crowded sand.
1. Caste System
She writes about having muscles. Feminine muscles. It begins...
“We’ll settle in for the night,” Pappy replied. “We don’t want to use lights and the swamp ain’t no place to be stumblin’ around in the dark.”
But before all of that he was the very first network news anchor for NBC News. His show was called "The Camel News Caravan". I remember, because I was his mail boy.
Dude, you should think about the shit you are saying and how irrelevant to important issues and culturally biased your opinions are and how press like this is worthless.
I’ve also been feeling insecure about just how much time I can, or should, throw into my writing, and how long I can keep it up. But I’ve also come to realize that these issues will sort themselves out. I’ll have made progress on the short story front by the end of February.
Maybe Martha Stewart's first(& 2nd, 3rd) cupcake was lop-sided. Perhaps they are learning to be trustworthy, competent, & thorough but they haven't yet quite reached the mark. Then it is a slow train to nowhere for you, jaggedly cut. You can consider yourself part of some clinical trial. For a while the placebo effect seemed to help you~until it didn't, hard. Be generous & grade on a bell curve(or bell jar~no, try not to think about Plath..).
10 to 11 AM-(InterM) CHANGE ONE—NO Civil War Songs Workshop. New workshop is “LEARN TO PLAY LIKE GRANDPA DID.” He will systematically train you to read hands just like some people read sheet music. He will cover a handful of tunes and melodic/choredal fragments. He will dispel a number of destructive myths and also show you exactly how to start making up music of your own.
The flyovers on Saturday and Sunday occurred at roughly 3 - 5 minute intervals. It may be that the milder weather has made this problem more apparent here. It is not a new issue, however. See this article in the Brooklyn Heights Blog, this statement from EDC and their helicopter sightseeing plan.
Boy, fall is taking its sweet time getting to us in Boston. Ready for some color, Yo!!
Let’s say the trip will “cost” you $125 if driving your own car (about 200 miles total at IRS allowable 55.5 cents per mile). The reality is that you might spend nothing to drive your car on this trip.
2. Love this rocker from "Rust Never Sleeps."
And a revealed pathway of conscience adjustment
Don't get me wrong...you'll always be a part of me. No matter what. I'll carry you in my heart forever. It's just...different not having you here with me.
Am I the only one who feels like those excited homeowners on Trading Spaces when you open a new can of paint? The paint color reveal when they opened the lids was always one of my favorite parts of the show. . .
Cinnamon Vanilla Bundt
The Mac's range arrived in a week ago - Hop Rocker; Great White; Black Mac and Isaac's Cider along with a fridge full of new gear... I'm sorry for neglecting to inform you all.
1 point for posting on Facebook about this give-away
The rest of the Kowalski family is ever-present in this book too. Even our Exclusively Yours’ Joe and Keri have a couple of big moments in this one that totally left me smiling from ear to ear.
Our family affliction is insomnia. This comes from my dad’s side of the family tree though, so my mum really does sleep easy. However the other three of us are affected by anything from stormy nights to the looming full moon. My favourite phrase when I was younger was, “I can’t sleep!”
I won't bother to go into specifics, because a simple Google search can do a better job, and a Google search will show, without doubt, that Ms Wood and I are not bedfellows – by a long, long, long way!
I admit it, I jumped the gun a little on wearing boots. It's not quiiiiite cool enough yet. But they're my favorite (and only) pair, so I wore them any way. And they've been lonely in storage all these months.
The men are almost always startled, thinking they missed some important part of the story. To prove my point further, I ask the women, "Where would your keys be?" They almost always have the same answer.
Check out She Is Frank's blog to scope some incredibly punchy and original editorials with loads of personality. I love how this girl is really paving her own way.
Rossella Tornquist
And, although, with children, it mostly turns out ok, even if (like me) you have absolutely no clue what it really means to be completely responsible for another living being that depends on you for everything. With kids, once you plunge ahead, there is no easy way out. After six months, you can’t just dump your offspring in a shelter because the baby is way more work than you ever imagined. You pretty much have to go ahead and finish the job of parenting, or go to jail or hire a really good nanny or do a half-assed job of it and have to deal with the guilt and sorrow of having your kids turn out bad or maybe even writing a terrible memoir about their childhood.
Okay, got that off my chest. Have a lovely day, I'm going to spread my sunshine around somewhere else......
Jade Lion revealed that there is a massive vein of gold running through southern China and parts of Southeast Asia, including Cambodia and Laos.
That was dinner then. Those of you out there who've not had the indulgence of haggis, you are missing out, and those of you who don't approve - What's not to like?!?
But at the end of the day all that matters is that i have Husbandface and i have Spawn and we have a roof over our heads even if it means that we have no money at all and cant afford Christmas :(
The petition to get your fiance into the US could take 10-12 months. That’s just getting them here. They warn against coming over on a visitors visa they see it as sneaky. So much for New Years.
*Wristbands are required to join the signing line at this event. Wristbands are only available with the purchase of a copy of Deadlocked from BookPeople.
May 5th:
Where were you 5 years ago…or even 2 years ago? I will tell you where I was about 3 years ago. I was in an unhealthy relationship and I was homeless, living with friends, family of friends and lastly my own family who acted as if I was not welcome in their home. It was horrible I must admit but I stood on my Faith and it got better. Where am I today? I am exactly where GOD wants me to be. I have my own place, a second degree and I will get the job that not only I deserve but is the job GOD has for me. I did not get to this place being negative about my situation, I believed I could do better and I have. I dropped the zero I was with, went back to school and found a place where I was welcome at all times! I knew that because I believed that things would get better they did and when I said out of my mouth “Im getting my own place” I believed it and it happened.
It never occurred to me that there was crime in New Haven, and after visiting with my other Couchsurfers...I must admit I was a bit worried.
I'm so exicted to share my project with you today, these are my Hershey Nugget treat boxes. Each box holds 8 nuggets, the top of the box is made using clear cardstock, each is embossed using a different cuttlebug embossing folder. You can find a great tutorial and all the details in my video.
Apart from his exegesis of the Prologue, Richey’s argument is balanced and makes a plausible case for John’s response to Rome while still situating the Gospel in a Jewish context that includes a break with the synagogue. He has provided the groundwork for future discussions of John’s response to Rome without having to jettison some of the foundational starting points in Johannine scholarship.
till next Christmas!
3. Squidalicious—first autism mama blog I ever read. Shannon Des Roches Rosa is funny, forthright, and evenhanded but is never afraid to take a stand (and she’s a great resource for autism-related iPad apps). She writes primarily about her son Leo, but his sisters Mali and Iz get considerable attention as well.
Word has it that W is a trendsetter at school. I was told that during the daily group sing-a-long where they chant something like, “1, 2, 3, say hello to Zeke” or something like that, W jumps up and does this wild breakdancing, donkey kick move when they call his name. Historically, the kiddos have remained seated and clapped like a PGA audience when acknowledging a classmate. W has taken it to 11. I couldn't expect anything less.
And that’s just the short term benefit, the immediate upside to having your work improved right now. But working with a great editor is, to borrow a Hallmark Cards truism, a gift that keeps on giving. That’s because if you learn how to think more clearly about your writing, how to articulate your message more completely, then your editor will have not just made your writing better. He or she will have made you a better writer.
Charles Stuckey once wrote that Robert Rauschenberg considered art a gift. In Italy in 1953, Rauschenberg took the great artist Alberto Burri one of his works as a present. He gave gifts to his friends – there's one infamous but lovely story where Rauschenberg repainted a black painting he had given John Cage because the composer was a few minutes late and he needed something to do. Rauschenberg created a foundation to help out struggling artists that did not have enough money to live on. His R.O.C.I, the Rauschenberg Overseas Cultural Interchange, aimed to bring new art making techniques, technology, and energy to other cultures. Rauschenberg’s generosity was famous, and with his death at 82 on Monday night, he will be dearly missed.
10. Jeremy
Fondest greetings to you all!
Her TA was there who’d been bashed with a tennis racquet on Friday (not by D) and loved her “get well” picture that D had drawn so she went in happily (yes, after all the initial stroppiness!):
production for other artists.
it was muddy and rainy so we happily took the one he suggested
-dealing with the lull that artists sometimes get
The report's outright lies, omissions and bias had been revealed long before by some notable experts, but that didn't stop the EU, the UN Human Rights Council from endorsing it as gospel and the basis for future actions.
Please contact me with your info to claim your Bonus prize and our Special Blogaversary Celebration Prizes!!! :)
Next week, besides the “me” things I have planned I will be getting everything ready for your birthday party. It’s going to be a lot of fun and I am looking very forward to celebrating you. That reminds me, I need to call about getting enough balloons for your balloon release!
So that’s my list! For now. There are so many others… but I’ll stick with those 10 for now!
For me, that's worship in it's purest form. And I don't have to be in a church. There doesn't need to be a live band playing or choir singing. There doesn't have to be anyone there with me. And it makes my soul fresh and clean, every time I go there.
You may be wondering where the money was all going if there were no debts and I was making such good money. Why did I have to spend all the money from my part time job to fix up the house. Just a second I will tell you why.
And all I can taste is this moment, and all I can breath is your light, and sooner or later it’s over, I just don’t wanna miss you tonight.
The last beer on was the one that I had been especially waiting for. It had been chosen by Pete Brown because he believes that this fledgling brewery represents a perfect example of a company that has used social media superbly well.
*And I have to mention that her adorable little shop logo was designed by my friend Sally Doherty, who also helped me with my blog design and made my watermark logo.
“It is illegal to become a spiritual master if one is unable to deliver the disciple.”
Next up is Grizzly Bear, an amazingly chill band that is one of the bigger up-and-coming indie bands on the scene today. This band has been on the scene for the last few years, but really broke out with their last CD from 2008 entitled Veckatimest. In the summer of 2008, they even got to open for Radiohead on their North American tour, which led so far as Johnny Greenwood of Radiohead calling them his current favorite band. The beautiful instrumentation and perfect vocal harmonies from all members of the band always make Grizzly Bear an enjoyable listen. They also have a CD coming out sometime in 2012 so be sure to stay on the lookout for new music from these guys. Here is “Two Weeks” from their album Veckatimest.
Hubby does NOT want this in the house.
Inspiration is the power
share freely, losslessly and gaplessly.
Some time later, I received an envelope with a copy of a restaurant receipt
An artist, I declare myself an ARTIST
“Combined with his administration’s opposition to the Defence of Marriage Act, it reveals a president who is tone-deaf and out-of-touch with the time-honored values of millions of Americans. This is an unanticipated gift to the Romney campaign. It is certain to fuel a record turnout of voters of faith to the polls this November,” Reed said.
are you ready? i'll do it fast 'cuz this will NOT painless. trust me... and hold your eyes. and make sure your breakfast is secured in your belly.
Thursday p.m.: close on house in Fort Worth; try not to panic as we get increasingly close to closing date and papers and letters are still needed from various places and I'm trying to work and not seem distracted in a new job; also hope new boss doesn't mind my disappearing for two hours in the afternoon when I already had to ask him for my first Friday off; stay at house long enough for walk through and for newly hired bug man to do thorough spray; go back to work with keys to new house (!)
Let me preface this by saying that I was looking forward to the series premiere of HBO’s “Girls” for a number of reasons. First, I am obsessed with HBO. Pretty much everything they air immediately hooks me and I’ll spend a weekend wearing sweatpants and eating Cheez-Its while my friends wonder if I am dead. Second, it offered the promise of something different. I likely wouldn’t be embarrassed to admit I watch it on a regular basis, a la “True Blood.” It’s only a half hour, so I wouldn’t have to carve out homework time (ha, who am I kidding?) to watch it like “Boardwalk Empire” and “Treme” demand. Last, not only did the show look like, well, my life (minus the whole living in Brooklyn thing and totally, completely plus the constantly making terrible decisions part) but it looked believable. I am not going to chime into the current bullshit that the main girl “looks real.” Fuck that, they’re all real girls. But I digress.
In the space of four weeks, I have come to love my group of kids. They're a mixed lot, there's no doubt. But at the end of my two days with them, I always find it hard to switch off. One of them asked me the other day why I "only" work two days a week (and I graciously refrained from pinging them on the issue of unpaid Mummy work). I replied that in a perfect world, I would be able to bring my two baby girls with me into the classroom. But if I worked any more than I did, I would miss Phoebe and Maisie too much. The little girl who had asked me the question nodded, and seemed satisfied with my answer.
But the mistletoe isn’t the only Christmas item not getting used.
But they were my first try at this and were a lot of fun.
The mill levy in Merriam – that’s the sum of all the taxing jurisdictions, including city, county, schools, JuCo, etc. – is 118.2210.
And while that may be true for some of us regardless, it would seem unfair to judge an entire genre by one movie. That's like basing your opinion of the whole James Bond series of movies on A View To A Kill.
I won't abandon my card because of this, so without further adieu here you are.
*Stamps - Magnolia Watering Can & Tilda holding Daffodil
white patches of connective tissue. To our children’s eyes,
The most wonderful thing about this painting for me was firstly how everything was out of scale, from the amazonian sex-less figures in shades of turquoise and black with long lithe bodies against a melancholic yet temperamental sky, then if you look closely you notice the mountain-scape with the burning giraffe in the foreground, this is what got me the most; A burning giraffe?! Something I had never once imagined, with a lonesome looking person just wondering in front of it. This is what made Dali. Bringing an element of surprise, anguish and raw imagination to the canvas.
That is what I want. Naked and unashamed. Today I remembered a memory I have not considered for years and turned it from a source of shame and symbol of my weakness into a source of celebration of my courage and strength of character.
I have a busy week here at The Open Window with lots of projects
There was a lot of good comments yesterday, thanks to all who spoke out, a few points, I realize the the National Firearms Act of 1934 did not technically 'ban' full autos but bottom line is it registered them, which is a first step to banning and to be honest a $200 tax in 1934 (Great Depression) would be like a $20,000 tax today so it may as well be called a ban. Many tend to think Obama does not have the support of congress for a gun ban, maybe not but what has he done in the past 3 years to make you think he won't trample the constitution or bypass it to further his agenda.
We have been given an award by the wonderful and beautiful Miss Kitty over at A Cat's Golden Years. Miss Kitty has the most wonderful blog. It tells of Miss Kitty's golden years and my Mocha can relate. :) The kitties here always enjoy making new blogging friends. :) Please swing by and give Miss Kitty some kitty hugs and checkout the most beautiful golden eyes! We all want to give a big hugs and a huge thank you for awarding us this fabulous and stylish award!!
Or for another reason He might have withdrawn into a desert place on hearing of John’s death, namely, to prove the faith of the believers.
The second set opened with Lande's vocalist wife Aubrey leading the way on an extended piece that went in all directions. This Theater of the Absurd excursion began with a long Ken Nordine hipster-style spoken word intro, and continued with Aubrey and Claudia leaving the loose framework behind. Flights of unpredictable fancy emerged. Chuscales returned next with friend Gigi on box percussion and vocals for a spirited three-song mini set. Art Lande then had the spotlight to himself on two solo piano pieces celebrating the life of a recently deceased friend. G's Leaving had an upbeat, jaunty style that reminded me a little of Thelonious Monk. The second composition Sonoma showcased his impeccable technique, and making obvious the reasons he’s recorded extensively for ECM. Next, Claudia sat down at the piano for several of her new tunes, joined by Art on melodica and Bruce on guitar- both reading charts they'd never seen before, yet sounding as if they’d written them. The improvisation continued until a waterfall of notes from Bruce gently brought the segment to an end. Lande then commenced the opening notes of Amazing Grace and, after four hours of music, the evening came to a close.
presenting your quality slides, and then you see this person
I can let my toddler have more freedom walking around the house without wondering if he's exploring our bedroom. It is great to have one room in the house without outlet protectors and furniture straps, filled with things that aren't touched and rearranged by small hands!
Those horses are BIG.
the new trend is ALL about coated denim - the look of leather but without the price of leather nor killing of animals - i'm all about these! - i got myself a pair of JBrand Moto black zipper detail pair - and IN LOVE - fave jeans for this winter ..
Shadow Stalker grunted, long and loud.
Since Kelly Rowland’s seat is now cold we’ll have to wait and see what starlet will fill it next.
Hi Folks:
Garden #6-
I knew the "nuts about you" sentiment would be great fun to use for a Valentine's Day card - thus the red acorns were born LOL! Still playing with polka dots and paired them with stripes this time. A fun, simple card that was great fun to make :)
Okay, I’ve finally gotten to our last day in Japan. After our ridiculous night at the club, I didn’t end up getting to bed until 2, but I still got out of bed at 6:30. Why? I don’t know. I just didn’t feel like getting up late and feeling rushed, I guess. So, I went down to breakfast at about 7 and finished my homework before meeting the group in the lobby at 9:30, with all of our things. We went straight to Osaka Castle, built by Hideyoshi Toyotomi, the man all Koreans hate (if they know who he is). He was the one to initiate the invasions of Korea in 1592 and 1598. His castle complex is huge and beautiful with a double moat and the main building itself is 7 stories tall. It’s been turned into a museum, in which you start at the top floor and move to the bottom.
1/4 cup Mayonnaise
Constantine: You remember how often Jesus cited the book of Deuteronomy, don’t you bfhu? He quoted it more than any other book in the Bible. Does Deuteronomy say that Peter is the “rock”?
We shared our favorite paintings and talked about our favorite type of cupcakes.With all of this information in mind we headed back to the classroom to cut, tear and glue our own cupcake creations.
Not for women, according to Amal al-Malki, a Qatari author who is very concerned about the rights of women in the Arab world.
as they explained this to me i had flashbacks to the countless textile prints i have come across in stores that were more than likely “knocked-off” from artwork such as this.
There’s not a lot left to be said about Red Bulls incredible run of pace since 2009. Despite not winning the 2009 championship, the RB5 rewrote the text book on F1 design. Since then, the two subsequent cars have both pioneered new ideas and followed a few others. Each time the car has been ever more dominant. If the team have an achilles heel, then its reliability, split between the; chassis, the engine and KERS. With pace in hand, the team do not need to make bold steps with the cars design, as they need to maintain reliability. With the RB8 taking risks was not on the agenda, the evolutionary car uses detail design and a small few unique features to keep a step ahead on pace.
Random conversation as heard by the flies on the wall last night.
It’s wintertime, and I find myself always wearing black, grey, or dark blue clothes. Like clockwork my bright, colorful, and fun wardrobe takes a turn down dreary lane every December. With all the cold wind and snow on the ground it is difficult to mix bright colors into daily outfits. However, I’ve decided to make a conscious effort to not let the winter weather bring my style down. According to Glamour’s Slave to Fashion: Daily Style Blog, the color orange is a great way to spice up a drab winter wardrobe.
Water boss softeners save money. Don’t let your money literally go down the drain. Limescale build up can clog pipes, and force your energy costs up by as much as 40%. Water boss softeners allow you to descale your pipes, and therefore prolong the life of your home appliances.
lost her baby to SIDS.
And vengeance is the Lord's
It's quite appropriate that I am typing this blog post today as my wonderful boyfriend treated me to a surprise trip away for my 30th birthday and we are staying in the fabulous Pantone Hotel in Brussels! A hotel dedicated to colour! I couldn't resist adding a few images of it...
Anyway, back to the subject at hand. I know some of the older games have had tons of reviews written on them, but I thought maybe for fun I could write about games that I enjoyed. Let me tell you. These old games are fantastic to play on your 42″ high def TV. The pixels are so huge!!!
A Catholic friend introduced me to a Christian organization that matches sponsors with the poorest of the poor children in other countries. The Christian aspect did not initially cause an issue, I donate to Buddhist & Jewish charities as well, though I am an Atheist. So off goes my monthly donation to provide Georgy with food, schooling, supplies...
I scan the night drawn curtains.
Mikkeller Centennial Single Hop IPA
Challenge accepted…
We are Austin Live 4 pm- 5 pm
Stenehjem says it`s not only burdensome, it`s against the Commerce Clause in the U.S. Constitution. So he filed a federal lawsuit, with the backing of several major coal industries.
The last ferry sailed past and so did the last moments of his life.
Who says that conservatism is produced by a fear of death
Today is the first benchmark date set by the court, but CDCR has until January 10, 2012 to calculate and file an updated population report.
The 2012 Laredo high school soccer season launches Wednesday night when Alexander faces United South at the SAC, and all the city’s high schools are eagerly anticipating the beginning of their final season together in a single district.
“Must have a date, eh Harold?”
O’Rourke’s design team said rebuilding from scratch would allow for a “higher level of design quality” than could be achieved if the existing building was extended and is in accordance with the Government’s new National Planning Policy Framework.
Josh Beckett is one of the most talented pitchers of the last fifty years. You could probably go back a hundred years. Beckett was the second pick of the 1999 amateur draft, behind Josh Hamilton, who is of course one of the most talented hitters of the last 50 years. Beckett is 6-foot-5, and in his best days he threw a 100-mile-per-hour fastball, a mind-bending curve and a pretty decent change-up that seemed like piling on. He could, at his best, throw all these pitches for strikes with regularity, and he could strike out big league batters with any of those pitches. In his first full year in the minors, he struck out 203 in 140 innings, walked just 34, went 14-1 with a 1.54 ERA. He was otherworldly.
The Lady of Shalott?
“An extreme weather condition, like the tornado I experienced, doesn’t care if you are rich, poor, young or old,” said Roberts. “What does matter is how prepared you are and how quickly you react when time is of the essence.”
I wonder if anyone else has any food fun they want to try this fall/winter. cheese or mushrooms anyone?
I’m really excited!
I feel sorry for Mr Rose, and especially for his family. He has been used by the BBC as a poster boy for the Establishment's attack on the natural society. If he survives the operation, he will have the physical appearance of a woman (a very tall woman with big hands!), but he will still be a man, and no amount of surgery or media propaganda will change that.
