Clearly, I'm only just glossing over a few things here, not because I don't want readers to know I'm flawed, or because I have an aversion to keeping things real. Life is real enough. Yours, Mine, all of it. I enjoy blogs for a quick diversion, and I assume my readers do too. But, it does feel good once in a while to do a reality check...everyone has their own fears, anxieties, insecurities and odd quirks. Everyone.
“This country, everybody is racist. Now, everybody talks about his own interest, doesn’t care about other people’s interest.
Greg Logsted - Alibi Junior High
The round is finish,
the one you say will never happen
“Just listen; he’s has colon cancer and has refused additional treatment for some time now. And yes, I explained briefly to him, only to him, a few minutes ago before he received his pain medication. You should’ve seen his expression when I confided in him. Said he’ll look forward to talking to us.”
I bought a six-pack of Great Divide Brewing Company's "Denver Pale Ale" the other day. I've tried many of their other beers, but finally got around to trying their English style pale ale. I would describe it as crisp and non-affronting. It's a decent pale ale, but I'd rate it (style-wise) as 1/2 way between an American Pale Ale and and English Pale Ale. (Not that that's bad). It's not a bad choice for a Summer session beer, (otherwise known as a "lawnmower" beer).
Now, this is how I have always done this, and when I am making my full sized quilt I am sure I will still do it this way. You see I like the fact that EPP means you are SLOW quilting. There's no hurry Mr Rabbit, take your time and enjoy a bit of slow sewing. Yes it takes a long time to tack all these pieces, sew them together, and then take the papers out, but it is also very soothing and calming and that is part of it's charm.
The last two weeks have been disheartening because the writing really did become an endeavor for the purpose of finishing my degree, to satisfy my advisor's concerns rather than adhering to the larger vision I had (and still have) for the book project. Because the work is by nature incomplete -- writing a book and writing a thesis are not on the same scale -- and because the thesis also needs to be "complete," i.e., must set forth enough evidence of thought and inquiry into my subject to merit a sense of a focused investigation, I found myself revising at cross-purposes when I tried to satisfy my instincts and my professor's. Obviously, she and the rest of my committee will determine whether I graduate, so I ended up making some changes that I will be taking out again once I have the degree in hand. (I'm trying not to think about the remaining round of post-defense revisions that I'll have to complete before that happens.)
#42 Bob McClure - McClure played 19 seasons from 1975 to 1993, beginning with the Royals and finishing with the Expansion Marlins. He never made an All Star Team or won a World Series, but he was the oldest player in the National League in 1992. So he had that going for him.
Yetis remain elusive in the Himalayas, as they resent being scalped by monks, tracked by Germans or mounted by lonely sherpas, but they rub along nicely with the chilled Isma'ilis of the Pamirs.
She introduces us to the major players in the book, in seemingly unrelated fashion. Ultimately, they will come together in one way or another, and Brodie will be on hand to help solve the mystery.
This will do between 1-2 washes. Just mix until dissolved and clear and store until you are ready to use. Once in the shower pour over dry hair to wet thoroughly paying careful attention to get all the way to the scalp wet. Allow this to set for a few minutes and then rinse thoroughly. Rinse longer and more than you think you need to for the best results especially at first as you will need to wash away the remaining products that you used to use.
2 exasperated
Conditioned polymer clay.
I thank our Almighty Father for the blessings of my family...spending time with, enjoying and loving them. They are each gifts...truly wonderful gifts. Each of us is imperfect and flawed...but through God's grace, we are growing and learning in Him. The children have squabbles and such...but we are training them up through those, using the opportunities to teach selflessness, love and kindness. It's a process... daily teaching them (and myself), through His word, how to be more like Jesus, the perfect Example.
There's a thread on this Famous Mexicans website as well!
This petticoat is in clear and present violation of the mission I set myself when I began this blog, which was to create clothing that I would wear on a daily basis. At the moment, it will join several other cream and lace pieces in the side of my closet that holds the “fun clothes”. Y’know, the old clubwear, goth gear, formal attire, stuff that gets an airing once or twice a year at most. (This doesn’t even count the actual dance costumes, which are all in the basement.) The best I can hope for is that its presence will spur me to create some circle-skirts or things of that nature to wear it with. Once, y’know, it stops being winter. Well, serious winter. Skirts can still be worn in mild winter, but it takes greater fortitude than I possess to wear them in real cold.
- trade
We arrive in La Paz at 6am! It is still dark so we decide to wait in the bus terminal until the sun rises. When it does we jump in a taxi and head to a hostel. We are staying at Hostel Maya which is costing us 160 Bs per night (NZ 32). We get our own bathroom and the room is nice so we don’t mind. We arrive at the hostel at 7am so Rico decides to have a nap. I have a shower and write my blog while Rico is sleeping. At 11am Rico decides it is time to get up and have a shower. We then take all our clothes to a laundry to get them washed. We have 6 kgs of clothes to wash (Rico has 4, i have 2) which costs us 60 Bs (NZ 12). We then go to get some lunch since we are starving. It has just started raining in La Paz so we just walk into the first restaurant we come across. It is a Mexican place. They have a special for 80 Bs (NZ 16) where you get two burritos, four quesadillas, nachos, two tacos, bread, guacamole, and three different salsas. It is huge! After lunch we decide to walk around the city centre. We have only walked a block and we run into the Australian Lewis! We were discussing how no one has run into the pom Tom. As we are saying this, Tom walks straight up to us! We decide to meet for dinner tomorrow night. It seems it is a very small world! We then walk through the Mercado Negro (the black market). This market is really huge and we don’t even see half of it. There are heaps of cheap shoes and clothes here. They are selling nike shoes here for NZ 60. It is crazy. It then starts to rain more heavily, so we start to head back to the hostel. Just as we got back to the hostel, the rain stopped! So we decided to walk to the cathedral down the road and have a look at the San Francisco Museum which is attached to the Cathedral. It costs us 20 Bs to enter the museum (NZ 4). The museum is absolutely amazing! The cathedral and the museum which is the old convent is over 400 years old. The first part of the museum is the religious art section. The second section is about ancient wine making (400 years ago) and the history of Bolivia. The third part which is the highlight of the trip is the cathedral. We get to head into the choir section of the cathedral which is upstairs. From here you get the best view of the cathedral. The cathedral is the most decorated church i have ever seen. There are 10 alters here. Each decorated with gold statues. There are nine very large elegant chandeliers which light up the cathedral. We then head up the stairs to the roof where the bells are. This is the best part. You get a great view of the city from here. It was such a fantastic view. After this we head back to the hostel. We later go out for dinner at a Turkish place across the road. I get the shish kebab with tabolleh, rice and fries for 35 Bs (NZ 7). Rico just gets three pieces of chicken for 10 Bs as he is not feeling the best. The food is great! We then go back to the hostel for an early night. We just watch a dvd on the computer.
Maybe I'll have more takers via the Internet.... :)
...And I saw it!!!
b) False?
Tracey Hotpants: Is that whatcha do to girls in your chateau?
The job is enormous.
“Beauty is rarely soft or consolatory. Quite the contrary. Genuine beauty is always quite alarming.”
The below three pictures show how Guiliastes view this situation.
Open spaces and I'm open wide.
I will rise
If ‘rights’ of all Malaysians means disregarding ENTIRELY race or faith then no issue. If ‘rights’ refers to different rights, this article has been written by a crypto-racist.
Love, TorryI've been a donnaholic for many years and I hope they continue on but fer sure they won't be the same without Torry. I hear rumours of a new album coming in the summer of this year yet I'm not sure who is taking over the drumming duties. I know that long time friend Amy Cesari of the band The Demonics has filled in for Torry on some of their tours, but I've yet to hear any official news. We'll miss you Torry.
Speaking of church I teach 1st and 2nd grade Sunday School. The boys were particularly interested in money. Caleb suggested that his parents went to the bank every day to get twenties and wanted to know if I had any twenties. I pulled out my wallet and showed him that I had three fives and three ones. Whereupon Jacob said in deepest sympathy, "So you don't have any cents."
Despite the action and suspense this book at its heart remains a beautiful tragic love story this time dealing with lost love. Like all of Lauren Oliver’s books Pandemonium is gorgeously written and moving and whilst it’s very different to Delirium I enjoyed it just as much. One thing that Delirium and Pandemonium have in common though is that they both have world shattering endings. Just like at the end of Delirium my heart broke all over again leaving me in painful need for the next and final book to this series Requiem. I have no idea where Lauren Oliver’s going to take us next after that ending I really don’t, but I am excited to find out.
Kites carry great metaphoric potential. In many ways, they are free -- they can flip and skip in the whimsy of the breeze. Yet at the same time, they remain restricted, held firm by the person holding the string. This quality of a kite, being an entity that is both free and restricted, makes them potent vehicles for ideas ranging from art’s once pointed ambition of transcendence to kite flying’s ability to serve as a form collective social release in some cultures. The tension lying between restriction and flight seemed to be the dominate message of Jacob Hashimoto’s exhibition last fall at Rhona Hoffman.
Equally important in endearing him to the American people was Reagan’s style of leadership. He had a vision of where America should be going and he was able to communicate that vision to the American people. It depended greatly on his concept of why America was good and why the American people had achieved so much in what has been a relatively new nation on the face of the earth. He admired the Founders and was able to relate their ideas of liberty, civic virtue, and opportunity to the people of the current generation. Even in difficult times, his cheerfulness and optimism gave the people the hope that, as he would put it, “America’s best days are yet ahead.”
He turned towards the passenger seats with Maraal and as they went to sit down Scrunge saw Murg. She was standing there with her mouth open looking at him in a way he'd never seen before.
132. Scarlet Letter, The: Nathaniel Hawthorne +
So check out Michelle's great linky party!! While you're there, stick around and check out her great blog! :)
So, it seems, does the summer of 2011. A repeat winter freeze, (human) standstill and a gradual earth-warm-up and then, bam, an April ‘heatwave’. Easter Sunday, April 24th, was the warmest April day in Britain since 1949: the month of April the warmest since records began 100 years ago. Last week, the British geared up for the Royal Wedding and the weather was playing along nicely. So, it might seem, is the sense of humour of the crop circlemakers: Prince William (Wales and Windsor) married on Friday, while one week previously, on Good Friday, the first canola circle appeared in South Wales.
Best Picture Book is Thomas King's A Coyote Solstice Tale, illustrated by Gary Clement, published by Groundwood Books, 2009. Louise Erdrich, author of Birchbark House, says that A Coyote Solstice Tale is:
Thermal binding machines can make your work look like the type of hardcover or paperback books you see in bookstores which can really impress your colleagues and customers. If you don’t have a thermal binding machine but are interested in purchasing one, there are a few things you should look for as you’re shopping.
1236 **D-III/21/1996. “Moral Standards and the Constitution.” Talk to Law Students, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1997(9), above, pp. 138-51.)
I return to dogs. It is not incorrect to say that a dog is without sin. It does nothing wrong, nothing un-doglike. Dogs act in accordance with their nature. Human beings, however, frequently act contrary to their nature. This unnatural life is the very epitome of sin.
With a little bit of tweaking it should fit no problem.
So for 7 days to Christmas, I give you gingerbread house goodness. I couldn't pick just one so here are a couple of the amazing houses I found online:
Than that pinned-up Miss December heaven.
She took her hand away, but it was still night-time, and cloudy, moonless. Only the distant fire, somehow now high above them, shone muted by the Sherim's depths. Better not to twist around and try to get a look at their predator; doing so would only risk his place in the Sherim. Still, he could at least do something about Taslin's embrace.
Can you name any other PKD-related jams?
This weeks challenge over at Decorate to Celebrate is decorations for a Valentines Day party. I made a tulle wreath to hang on my front door for when the girls and I have a "girls night in" next week at my house. I will be adding more decorations for our little get together that I will post after I finish them. This wreath was made with pink and red tulle. I tied the tulle in knots around a styrofoam wreath and then hung the Be Mine ornament I got at Joanns.
Article 142
They deserve better protection from suicide predators like Nitschke than they are currently getting.
The ice was originally sent to the hurricane-torn South for use in relief efforts. But in September 2005, truckers from across the nation were hauling ice back north on government order
You know that issue you’re having with your plumbing? I woke up about 3 am worrying about that very thing. Actually had to get up and fix it myself. Would prefer to have an expert handle it, but what are you going to do when it comes up after hours like that?
Self Acceptance starts by being honest with yourself about who you are, where you are at, what you did to get there and what you’re capable of accomplishing. It has nothing to do with the idea of who you want to be, what you hope to become or what you want to have. It’s who you are right here and now.
Vito Perrone Sr., a leading advocate for humanistic, regimentation-free public education in the US, once famously asked “What if our children and young people learn to read and write but don’t like to and don’t? What if they don’t read the newspapers and magazines, or can’t find beauty in a poem or love story? What if they don’t go as adults to artistic events, don’t listen to a broad range of music, aren’t optimistic about the world and their place in it, don’t notice the trees and the sunset, are indifferent to older citizens, don’t participate in politics or community life? Should any of this worry us?”
Looping the Loop is the North West’s opening event for London 2012, celebrating the start of Games Time in the UK on 19 May 2012, ensuring local communities feel part of London 2012. The Looping the Loop focuses on the theme of loops, circles and spinning, inviting people to loop the loop around the impressive backdrop of MediaCityUK, Lowry and Imperial War Museum North at The Quays, and the North West’s Olympic Venue, Old Trafford.
Meeting fantastic people
Additionally, I can't do 'after each project' because I have FOUR quilts going: When you're piecing sampler blocks in-between kaleidoscope blocks in-between jelly-roll strips, how do you figure out 'between projects'?
Certainly Mayer will be a part of the journey. He’s just not the main focus of my blog. He has been a central figure in my becoming Jewish. My thoughts for my relationship with my husband will stay private. But, unfortunately my first post didn’t reflect his presence in my Jewish life. I was focused on getting focused. Am I still digging?
The water's whir goes silent,
It reveals a great evil,
I am hoping...that everything turns out this Thanksgiving and that I can taste my dinner!
(CARB) * California Allocation Board * California Alternative Energy and Advanced Transportation Financing Authority * California Animal Health and Food Safety Services * California Anti-Terrorism Information Center * California Apprenticeship Council * California Arbitration Certification Program * California Architects Board * California Area VI Developmental Disabilities Board * California Arts Council * California Asian Pacific Islander Legislative Caucus * California Assembly Democratic Caucus * California Assembly Republican Caucus * California Athletic Commission * California Attorney General
Finally, at the end of my meal, I was presented with the bill – which was delivered in a fancy black folder similar to ones in many restaurants. Though it had no country of manufacture listed, it appeared to be made in “Mastercard”, since that was the only writing on the folder.
On May 6th, over 150 teachers have joined together to give away ONE FREE item with a value of at least $3! Wait did you hear that?!? FREE THINGS -- Where do I sign up - LOL . If you visit everyone's shop ... that is over 150 items for free! The retail value of this gift is estimated at over $500 of free teacher created products. TpT has divided this giveaway into three categories because it is so massive! Check back for more details as the date draws near!
You'll take out a new loan, equal to the total value of the debts you want to pay off (plus any fees or charges). You will then start making
Aimee Kidd
Inevitably, all great bloggers land a book deal. While condohype is far from the stratosphere of Fake Steve Jobs, there may one day be interest for a coffee-table book on the insanity of Vancouver condo marketing.
Once upon a time.....
Paul Krugman writes that Vouchercare is not a "new, sustainable version of Medicare." It may be new and I suppose that its adherents can call it whatever they like, but its recipients would find it especially sustaining.
* Receptionist
Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to go check myself into a mental institution. I don’t feel quite right in the head anymore after this…
Thanking the LORD for the good report...and the many friends who have kept me in their prayers. THANK YOU!!!
A friend was complaining to me recently that her children get bored easily, and nothing she does with them holds their interest for long. She asked me what sort of things I do with Sofie and Emily, and I told her, 'I take them outside and let them work it out for themselves'.
I realized most of my posts have been too depressing lately, so I thought I should share some of the moments that actually cause chuckles around here. One of them happened at dinner this week. My honey was off and rehearsal and my little boy was at his dad’s. So it was just me and my bonus five.
This Saturday, protests are going on around the country to object to the part of that agenda that is focused primarily on the reproductive rights of cis women, in the Unite Women demonstrations taking place in many, many states around the country.
e. The Rolling Stones
5.- Fixed - Produced by Tonedeff
For the past three years or so, I wouldn’t be caught dead wearing a skirt that’s anything other than high-waisted. Okay, maybe that’s a bit of an exaggeration, but when a trend is huge and I love it, I go all out. Peplum is going to be huge.
The solution to my green thumblessness, of course, is to simply pick up the phone and order from my favourite florists. And if for whatever reason I need to do it myself, my idea of flower arranging is to stick a few stems into a jam jar. Literally.
Seriously? I mean, SERIOUSLY?
In South Central Los Angeles, only one of the many areas and regions (Washington Times reporter Steve) Miller surveyed, the predominant feeling among those few blacks who remain in the neighborhood is that “They took our homes and our schools,” as one black resident complained. “They,” of course are the Hispanics who have largely displaced the blacks in the area that was the center of the 1992 “Rodney King” riots.
I have found it enough for 4 adults and 2 or 3 children +baby as well. There are a lot of ingredients but it is an easy meal to cook.
when I was not strong enough to sing anything;
I've been rather quiet the past couple of weeks, but I met someone. Our first date was a meet and greet at a coffee shop in the middle of a Sunday afternoon. Our second date was a couple of days later for sushi and a walk in the park on a particularly sparkling day. Our third date was my suggestion of bowling - which I suggested, followed by several matches of darts - which he suggested because (and I quote) "I just don't want this date to end!"
Daisey weaves the two stories back and forth, and the second tale soon takes precedence over the relative comfort of the first, as we get the stories, as we get his story of getting those stories that come out of the Special Economic Zone. And it creeps up you, that fact that everything has a price, and forces you to recognize that price and who is paying it.
Presence at the conferences is of paramount importance. As a NGO representative, one not only gets to follow the discussions and talk to various representatives, there is also plenty of opportunity to get floor time, including at the large plenaries. Here one may raise issues of importance (must be on topic for the given conference, of course), comment on the importance of issues raised by others, and deflect unjust criticism against oneself or others. Conferences take place on a regular basis in Vienna, Austria and Warsaw, Poland. There is no participation fee for NGO representatives.
2. The magic. I’m not going to ruin anything, but let’s just say, the supernatural essence of the anime is conveyed through beautiful illustrations.
104 Your commandments give me understanding;
I popped it open and released the beast. I released a beast that smelled of yeast. (Sorry I had to rhyme there)
The District is preparing to offer a transitional kindergarten program for children who will turn 5 years of age between November 2 and December 2, 2012, pending information from the state Department of Education in mid-May. District schools will begin preregistering students using the same registration procedures as we do with other grade levels. Regional transitional kindergarten school sites are yet to be determined; the program will not be offered at every campus.
Pour batter evenly over partially baked crust. Set pan inside a larger one (my 9x13 pan worked great for my 8x8 pan) and add water to the larger pan, about 1 inch deep. Carefully transfer to the oven and bake cheesecake for 35-40 minutes until set and slightly puffy, or until the center no longer jiggles when the pan is gently shaken. Remove the pan from the water bath, transfer to a wire rack, and let cool for 2 hours. Cover the pan and chill in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours. At this point, you can remove the cheesecake, slice into bars as you see fit, and enjoy them that way. Otherwise - you can carry on and enrobe them in white chocolate!
I realize this makes me a terrible person. And a Person of Walmart. I am OK with that.
from the hammered rapid language
‘Before we start our feast tonight,
When death comes, it’s amazing how fast/slow things move. I swear it was just yesterday that my grandpa walked into my living room, showed me the lab results from his recent hospital stay, and asked me what I thought of them (as my heart dropped to the floor). And, just a few days before that – it had to have been – we were all out on the pontoon boat, with everyone healthy and happy. But it seems like it’s been months and months of watching him slowly fade away….
Now go tell everyone about this contest and PLEASE feel free to link to this and re-post. I want so many entries that my eyes demand a vacation a raise and a spa day at Visine Land.
Riley found himself running out the door that the man with the smirk had left open. He sprinted next
If as a contractor you do all the things listed above are you automatically a Professional? No. But it can change the way you are perceived. Ultimately, perception is reality. Little changes in how you present yourself can make all the difference when it comes to helping you with a homeowner.
And I’ll love you – Always
By the next generation, that of Mitt Romney’s grandfather Gaskell, the practice was all but non-existent. Mitt Romney has called polygamy “bizarre”.
in peaceful cerulean infinity.
She told the University of Essex's annual Islamic Conference that Britons were "seeking not to be afraid" of Muslims and wanted Muslims "to be happy".
Ocaen Spray Prize Pack: *4 Winners*
My mother was a wonderful cook and baker, she could cook anything and her pies, cakes and cookies were fantastic. She could NOT bake a biscuit. No matter who gave her what recipe, or how many times Mommy, my grandmother tried to teach her, Mother's biscuits were only good if you wanted to use them as rocks. Not even syrup could soften them enough to keep them from breaking our teeth.
Islamist terrorism is not just aimed at the West (revenge for colonization), but also at Thailand (Buddhist); Muslim Indonesia, Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Saudi Arabia; and Nigeria, where jihadis murdered Christian church goers on Easter Sunday. Black slavery was an Arab business long before it was European.
Anyway, once the plants were repotted I put them back in their original spot. Welcome to my garden, replete with George the Optimistic Gnome!
Following the death of journalist and reporter Mike Wallace, an interview he conducted with Planned Parenthood founder and eugenicist Margaret Sanger made the rounds across the Internet over the weekend.
who kneels in surrender to the night,
A police source said the accusation of being demon possessed came after
Words don’t describe
* No Side Effects.
In addition, there is no guarantee that all members of an executive management team can be counted among the often-shadowy dominant coalition. When resources become scarce, powerful coalitions may allocate resources to maintain the relative positions of those within the coalition. This may even create warfare within an executive management team among those who are truly within the inner circle of power, and those being pushed to powerless positions with large job titles.
Many moments in Hold Still reminded me of Laurie Halse Anderson's Speak and of any/all of Sara Zarr's works. If you are a fan of either author, you should check out Hold Still. It's one of the most moving, honest portrayals of loss, loneliness, and moving on I've read recently.
I have nothing else to say; Dracula Vs. Frankenstein was not only bad, but was bad in a harmful, nagging way like a toothache/migraine combo. If you watch this, suckered in by Naish and Chaney, hoping for one more flash of old school brilliance... forget it.
He's a BOOMER (and not the MY baby generation kind).
* Dogen tells Sayid the evil incarnate will come to him as somebody already dead. Dogen wants Sayid to kill MIB.
The movie exposes a lot of the bullshit underneath the umbrella of any denominational dogma, which I liked because this exposure of bullshit is exactly what my blog is about. Mr.Miller is another person allergic to BS, and he went to Reed College to try an escape it (to only find it in different form). Remember, it is not about the people inside the system, it is about the bullshit the system dumps into our heads forcefully.
If you cannot collect now, you can reserve this price with 20% deposit and collect later.
Perhaps the crowds choice was a result itself of the whole wind-up/practical joke that had been “played” on Jesus? Possibly Barabbas himself had been one of the ringleaders, one of those versed in the skills of wind-ups or perhaps he was surprised at the turn of events?*
anything by Terry Pratchett
So, President Obama makes history by appointing his second top general during wartime in less than two years; despite what his most avid supporters want to claim, he doesn't get credit for firing his second top general during wartime (he fired Gen. David McKiernan in the spring of 2009 and appointed McChrystal).
Says Maria, there will be a wine reception and exhibition to mark the conclusion of the first stage of this investigation. The event will take place at the University of London's Senate House, from 16.30 to 19.00 on 17 March 2011. Admission is free but registration is essential. Further details can be found on the Who owns the orphans website. Enquiries can be emailed to Maria Mercedes here.
4Now I have given to you, as the heritage of your tribes, all these nations which are still in the land, together with those cut off by me, from Jordan as far as the Great Sea on the west.
Honor THEM by sending this on.
Once you have awakened, you will never again encounter loneliness and all the unhappiness that goes with the unnatural slumbering state you have been in; although, when the mood takes you, you will have no trouble finding a place of inspiration in which to be alone – in love, peace, and communion with Yourself and with God. Reality is a place of divine enjoyment where you can use to the full all the creative gifts with which God has endowed you, absolutely firm in the knowledge that everything you think, say, or do is a most beautiful creation of infinite loving intent that you will share enthusiastically with God and with all your brothers and sisters. And their enthusiasm for whatever you choose to create will equal yours, as will your enthusiasm for whatever they choose to create.
The Syrian Arab Republic considers international peace and security a key objective and a strategic choice, and it works on achieving both of them under the International Law and the values of right and justice.
The AWS spectrum band lines-up with their existing spectrum assets better, and makes sense for Verizon for (possibly) several reasons.
Or on a half-reap’d furrow sound asleep,
342 **3. "Law & Literature and Shakespeare: Explorations." Oklahoma City University Law Review, vol. 26, pp. 1-259 (2001). (Sources: Items D-XII/5/1981, D-V/16/1983, D-VI/6(A)/1986, D-XII/5/1987, D-II/22(A)/1988, D-V/29/1988, D-X/6/1989, D-XI/20/1989, D-II/25/1991, D-XI/3/1991, D-III/22/1992, D-IV/24/1994, D-III/12/1995, D-I/19/1997, D-IV/13/1997, D-IV/26/1997, D-III/19(B)/2000, below.)
And yet, folks get really antsy when the word is used, as if hanging out and dating are a major leap from each other. Incidentally, I tend to define dating as the time when 2 people who are attracted to each other and sense some sort of chemistry/connection spend time with each other on a fairly consistent basis in an effort to get to know each other better.
This week, I've pulled my daily Literary Fact of the Day from Nom de Plume to show how intimate and fascinating this book is:
Just a way defuse the situation slightly and to let him so regret the arrogance that fell within the flashy throwaway line that he just said.
Now that I am back on Weight Watchers, the only thing that has really changed is the program. It is even easier than it was 5 or 6 years ago. As always, I know what I have to do to lose the weight and I know what I have to do to keep the weight off.
I’m mentioning appetizers last because I only dimly remember eating the fried pickles on my first visit. I shoved them down my throat so quickly that I hardly remember eating them at all. They were that good. Can you screw up fried pickles? I haven’t had any bad ones yet.
TOTAL 93,722
I thought, yeah, that makes a lot of sense, and then forgot about it in about a week, but God reminded me of it during the seminar about living in suburbia. And I had an idea… we usually have an inter-fellowship night at the beginning of the year to welcome new freshman, what if we had a second inter-fellowship night focused around the stewardship of our resources? If the Christian students at UCI were all receiving the same teaching, imagine what they could do together? Imagine what kind of witness they could offer the city by collectively stewarding their resources well as students yes, but then as graduates with jobs. Now, I am not naïve enough to think that this will all happen in the next year, but it has been on my heart for sure, and for now, its in the casting vision and seeking partners phase. That being said, as a personal thing, I have also been asking God, if this is an idea from you does that mean I am being called to stay at UCI, at least for the next few years?
Anushka Sharma, who is working with acclaimed director Vishal Bhardwaj in his upcoming project Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandolaseems to have already impressed the director with her professionalism. It seems that a shot required Anushka to walk out of a pond and though the pond was dirty, Sharma readily agreed to the task, without any starry tantrums, thus earning the admiration.
During my twelve years in the classroom my eyes and ears were on constant alert for bullying. If I heard or saw or was told about bullying, I addressed it. I brought the victim and the bully together countless times. Some meetings were formal lunch meetings while others were a quick talk in the hallway. My goal was always the same: get each child to see the human being across from them. I wanted the bully to fully understand the pain he/she was causing— to try and understand the tangible effects from their hateful words and actions.
The laser light show was a huge hit with passengers, but the biggest surprise were the queues for the professional studio photographs, set up with various backdrops around the ship and available for sale in all their cheesy glory.
Balsamic Glazed Brussel Sprouts
This week we have a super easy challenge Buttons, Ribbons and/or Bows. All we ask is that the card be appropriate for kids/teens.
on this
Then what are we to make of the weak GDP numbers, with just a 2.2 percent growth rate, compared to 2011 Q4’s 3 percent? It was due to a huge drop in government spending, thanks to Republicans continued assault on state and local government spending. Wisconsin is just the most obvious example, but the red states with Republican legislatures continue to downsize their governments, restrict or abolish collective bargaining rights, while cutting taxes to their wealthiest and corporations.
Merry Christmas to you all and a very Happy New Year… ♥
Choose a pair made of a breathable material, such as leather, cotton or canvas. Steer clear of plastic shoes. These can make your baby’s feet sweat, which can lead to fungal infections such as athlete’s foot.
regular milk
Friend: I’ll be right there.
Yawee, you explained very well the attributes of the target creating an entangled state with the template Human. Now we reveal that the template was (1) a woman (2) who is pregnant. You have…
John Quincy Adams said, “Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air.” We have seen courage in the town hall meetings, in the Tea Party events, in elections in Virginia, New Jersey, and Massachusetts. We have it in spades!
The value of the receipts and other diary inserts is easy to underestimate. Having worked with these diaries before, it is critical to know that Jack was a dog! I might not have thought to include dog licenses before beginning to transcribe the diaries. It is impossible to predict what will be important.
and a small service fee
“So, here to challenge me?”
As we see them thus stretched out as wide as they could reach, the attitude suggests the wideness of the divine mercy.
now and then i think about all the times you screwed me over/ but had me believing it was always something i had done/ but i dont want to live that way/ reading into every word you say/ you said that you could let it go/ and i won’t catch you hung up on someone that you used to know-oh-oh
My own connections broken — I held a power
Brain, fuss. I think I burnt it fast.
So for now, I’m just going to enjoy my greater than 100% word count, with a smile on my face.
55 light
The Times article notes, ironically, that the independent book stores that have survived have proven that they can make it (BookCourt is only a couple of blocks away from a large Barnes and Noble also on Court Street). Like music/CD stores, the big book chains may be fighting a tough battle for survival. The little stores may prove to be the Last Bookstores Standing.
First I want to explain my unexplained break...
One day the world will see this beautiful woman I protect and I will no longer have to protect her.
An undefined, crude story
The accelerator mass spectrometer generates a beam of carbon from the sample and passes it through a powerful magnet, which functions like a prism. "What emerges from it are three beams, one each of the three carbon isotopes," said Hodgins. "The lightest carbon beam, carbon-12, bends the most, and then carbon-13 bends slightly less and carbon-14 bends slightly less than that."
Thank you everyone who left me comments last week about my struggles with composition. All comments were helpful and enabled me to move a step forward with that canvas.
And he proved he never was “the one”
That´s why I fit them in the already mentioned 20×40 and 40×40 bases. Same bases as for the infantry. Two mounted figures fit nicely in a 40×40 base and keeps them knee against knee when representing heavy or medium cavalry.
angry river
We are home for good: home-based and home for our own good.
This realistic, showing the real world for what it often is, fiction is what my students beg to read. Every day I get asked where my "drama" section is located. What they really mean is where are the books I can relate to, help me understand my life, or escape into someone else's problem.
OK, I’ve calmed down now. Luckily it’s not only passed, but I also didn’t wake up during the night with anxiety which usually happens when I have anxiety the night before. Wow, it totally knocked me out. I slept all evening and then was up until 1am, took my meds and was knocked out by 1.30am. I’m pretty sure that I didn’t wake up during the night whatsoever. If that is true, then it’s unbelievable! That hasn’t happened to me in many months. I had a really good nights sleep. Something worked.
Extra Lives at Flagpoles
Here's the field.
I snapped this pic just before I finished binding the edge...it is done now.
Lets start with the basics: Power & Stove/Oven:
She started out by yelling, “Don’t run!” as they dashed away down the garden paths. Isn’t that silly?
Mahatma Gandhi (Indian political and spiritual leader):
1) Sun 10p-this way they don’t really move it off Sunday. In the fall, the NFL delays their schedule most weeks, and the higher numbers earlier in the evening offset the lower numbers it gets, plus there are those large ad rates I referred to.
Share This Post
I…
Using a "Pin it" button that sits on your little...bar thing at the top of your browser (that's a technical term), you can "pin" pictures to different boards with a picture and description. You can also repin other people's pins.
Red Earth Scrapping will continue to be a proud sponsor each month at Stuck so I hope you'll continue to support both this great sketch challenge blog, and RES too.
1100 Oxley st
nope nope and yep.
Tina T. Tyler, an expert from the Alliteration Institute in Denver, Colorado says, “Pistol-packing pretend-Palin postal persons piss me off. Silly surgeons slicing and sculpting Sarah simulations steam me as well.”
In the darkness
My thoughts are jamming up every space and there is no escape
On a more personal level, I couldn’t stand it any longer and, watching the calves wander the field, cut one side of the grasses I’d chosen to let seed. I chose the low side of the creek to do this in, hoping the lesser slope would allow water to help re-juvenate the grass more quickly.
www.smarthomebusiness.net
p.s. happy belated birthday (yesterday) to my super sweet, beautiful, talented, amazing mom. love you.
Stamps: Simply Soft, Teeny Tiny Wishes
Link back to the person you got it from
This months challenge at Hooked on Craft is Flowers, For my card ive used this gorgeous image called Daisy, I have coloured her with promarkers and fleximarkers, Xcut die cut rounds, Marianne creatable die cut corners, backing paper was a freebie from a magazine, the beautiful flowers and Charm are from Hooked on Craft store, ribbon and lace from stash.
right after i posted the last blog, i received an SMS and a post in FB that ‘an end of an era is a beginning of a new one’. indeed it is.
My first collection has been published today so if you would like to read it then I would, of course, be delighted. The link is here: BritMums Travel Round-up. There is a linky on the bottom of the post for anyone to add their own recent travel posts too.
Here's two of the cards I have prepared so far. One is for my mom-in-law, and the other is for our nephew who is turning 2!
On the tongue – Floral, zesty and refreshing. A very different drink to the Tribute I thought I knew. Read on...
those women who’d lost their way too:
he said this about the experience: “Being alone in the big forest, far from any person,
I know our family came from Scotland (on Da's side) originally, but don't know yet quite where from.
Alcohol intoxication.
The actual barn is pretty small. Maybe 14 stalls? I think I remember reading somewhere that the horses are brought in at night and out during the day. If that is the case they are stalled. The barn stalls do not have runs on them. I was thinking about taking a special duty at this base and remember looking for info on this barn.
My (13th!) birffffffffday!(:
Step 6: Once the pages are all in place, I start adding bits and pieces from the Simple Stories kit. I love these kits because the are specifically designed for scrapbooking with the photo sleeve pages and to help make scrapbooking SIMPLE! It's really all about getting the project COMPLETED!
The other big difference was that yesterday's staff demonstrated how to communicate well with patients, in complete contrast to tuesday's experience. It's important to say that Dr Heartsink wasn't in any way unpleasant and although he said some rather odd things, there was clearly nothing behind that apart from a need for some communication skills training. In many years of accessing healthcare, both here and for a short period in the USA I have seen my fair share of outright crueltly to patients. Cruelty crosses a very obvious line, often created by understaffing and poor leadership, but its also very distinct from someone saying things that are really no more than a bit daft.
I didn't have the energy to climb into my attic and unpack my collections to show you.. But the photos below gives you and insight into my collection personality...I took them at a gift store located in Detroit's Eastern Market.
Blanch the spinach for a few minutes in boiling water, drain and place in bowl.
Where does the time go? And here we are again a year later only to receive a call from now this lady who no longer can care for Lenny. And she knows he is not happy where he is and asks if i can take him. I simply can't take in any more pigs here right now but there is no hurry to get him out as he has a nice yard and a good house and spring is a better time to be moving pigs any where. But that changed in a matter of weeks and the new message on my machine turned Lenny into a emergency, i had to get him out now.
What I find most appalling is that the piles of wood prepared on the market square for the burning of the youthful couples, were arranged in such a way that the condemned could watch each other burn to death; however, betraying no fear, the four doomed young people sang while they were brought closer and bound, each to a stake.
The U.S. Secret Service is considering a shut down for rail transit transportation under the McCormick Place. All precautions that many city officials declare the bare necessities for the NATO Summit to take place and protect the city from violent anarchist groups.
BLITZER: Congressman Paul, Texas, the space program very important there as well. Where do you stand on this?
Longan fruits, 8 pcs
It isn’t who you know.It just doesn’t work that way.I didn’t know anyone when I moved to LA.Most people don’t.I shared an apartment with an old college buddy.He had a commercial agent and I was sure that by knowing him, this agent would take me on.She didn’t.
What about ticket prices?
I only went to Confession a few times in high school because at that point I had come to the personal conclusion that I only needed to confess things I personally believed to be wrong. Being a teenager, I was never actually wrong, so therefore I rarely if ever went to Confession.
Having a savings account into which you regularly deposit money will help you achieve financial stability. You will be able to face unforeseen events and will not have to get a loan when you’re strapped for cash. Save as much money as you can, even if it’s not that much every month.
Brasserie Dubuisson Frères Scaldis Noel 1999
If you could travel in a Time Machine would you go back to the past or into the future?
Well, having recently started paying more attention to how I can affect the fit of a garment BEFORE I actually start to sew, I traced out the pattern and made some alterations. I used the size 12 for the upper bodice, and blended that out to a size 14 for the hips and bum area to account for all that I have been blessed with in those departments. I also folded out 2cms from the length of the bodice because I’m short-waisted and this looks verryyyyy long in the body. It was important to make these changes before cutting out the fabric, because the construction process of this dress pattern means a simple ‘pin it in here, let it out there’ along the side seams isn’t an option.
“Start your story in the moment and place where your characters life will never be the same.”
Jonah is able to chase off the other two men but when he turns around, the dead man is gone!
This card was created using an image from the 'From the Heart of the Garden' CD. I mounted it on bronze coloured mirror card and finished with a wooden butterfly & the word 'Thanks'.
- If your baby wakes up the second you put them down, place a heating pad on the mattress for a few minutes to make it nice and warm.*
I probably acquired my progressive outlook from the example of my human mentor, Dr Whipsnade. In spite of being a self-made millionaire, he always stood up for the rights of the little people. I once saw him refusing to cross a picket line outside Foyle’s Bookshop in London during an industrial dispute. “It’s my way of showing solidarity with the workers,” he explained, “instead of voting Labour which costs me money.”
down the green hill athwart a cedarn cover.
What I think about this card now: It's a happy card as Lee Lacy poses there in Dodger Stadium.
Daisy has taken a sudden turn for the worse in her heart disease... it appears she has decompensated and is having shortness of breath and acute heart failure. She spent much of the night standing until I figured a way she could lean on some pillows and on me and she finally fell asleep around 3 AM. Her breathing is still too fast and I am trying to get her into the cardiologist.... God has his eye on the sparrow so I know He has His eyes on Daisy too.
According to Vaughan, when the 6 billionth, Adnan Nevic, was born to Sarajevo in October 1999, Salmon Rushdie advised:
Lillian I. Frederick, 46, Teaneck, N.J.
My friend sent me the image pictured as I sprang to mind when she saw it. Hmmm. Anyway, that is how I've been feeling of late and appear to have lost my 'mojo' or those witches stole it along with my cookie...
Did a freestyle for a mates band last night which was good fun.
In John 14:27 these words of Jesus are recorded;
as i said yesterday, i created this stencil by hand, based on the size of the room, and at the request of my client. she found a photo for me to go from, and i took it from there. both yellows are custom-matched benjamin moore colors (have you guys used their new "natura" paint? it's no VOC and works perfectly. there is literally no smell when you paint, at all. amazing! i'm a new convert.)
Keep texts short and cute. Don’t let the tone of the conversation get too serious. Flexting should be fun and ultimately make the person you are texting want to see you in person. Try to stick to 1-2 conversation topics at once. (Eg. “Hey how was your day today? Did your meeting go well? What are you doing tonight? I bet you’re tired after work? I’m just sitting at home watching tv. xxxx” – this is an example of NOT keeping it short and cute!! and if someone sent that to me, I’d be thinking “chill the fuck out!!”)
Samaritans get mugged. Be wise.
There is absolutely nothing you can do to make God love you less. Can your actions be displeasing to him? Of course, but he still loves you. In fact he loves you enough that he sent his Son to die for you. If price determines value, then you and I are irreplaceable. Now wait a second you might say, “If God loves me so much, why do bad things happen to me?”
Odds are, if you’re anything like most people, including me, this is not a single act play. Doing this once doesn’t mean it’s over for good. You will have to revisit and adapt new strategies – maybe even seek assistance again. But as you get better, the cycles shorten and the shadow exerts less and less power over you. Instead, as you recognise and gradually come to terms with the shadow, as your anger softens and self-love replaces self-hate, you’ll also start to recognise that the power that your shadow once exerted over you is actually yours.
Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series
Beneath the blue and white sky an the scorching heat around my world, I lay, alone and cold. Droplets of liquid form on my skin, as similar streams of the transparent material flow from a well and through the creases and undulating terrain of a façade. A façade that for quite some time now, struggled to portray something that the society would not bother question.
Pertinent Details:
told her kid "be careful
and call your name, you are there,
How long before you call
541370 Surveying & mapping (except geophysical) services
Kathryn has been one of my closest friends for six years now, so it was an absolute delight to be able to work on her wedding. I’ve previously shared with you her bridal shower invitations and the place cards for that shower. Now, here are the envelopes for her invitations, which were designed by Ruff House Art.
At what point will their plans involve me?
See the WSJ article at:
There was a legal ruling that social security claimants be notified of an inspector's visit, so cards had to be sent out...
Stir that all up then add your lentils, chopped canned tomatoes, water/stock/wine and mix together.
Girls remain dry with you?
* Europe – indeed, the original EEC – was defined by war and rivalry. The reaction to this has been (understandably, but unwisely) the hegemony of centralised social democracy with the accent on an equal, not a growing, cake. The American entrepreneurial model is almost entirely absent…in favour of stifling bureacracy that continues to spend and spend. (The US has spent unwisely to subsidise its banker, multinational business and Pentagon lobbyists; but it is winding down its government employee benefits, cancelling its social health commitments, and paring back the welfare system).
My children have been a crucial part of my work in ways that I find hard to account for or anticipate. If I need to go on a research trip for a book or a film, we'll usually go as a family, and I find that – apart from the fact that it's useful to have extra eyes and ears – people and places tend to open up to you more. In southern Europe, in particular – now that the birth rate is practically zero – there is much nostalgia surrounding big families: when we turn up, all nine of us, it's as though a bunch of rock stars have arrived by steam train. Once, in Sicily, we got a round of applause just for walking down the street.
I am going to have a 3 book reviews up soon. I am reading the stolen out of the chloe king series. I am putting all into one single review. It’s gonna be swweeettt. I already made The Fallen. It is at the moment in my draft section.
Our invisibility is hurting us.
“You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment unless you trust enough.”
*please note that said music teacher is no longer teaching in our district and that our current music staff is fantastically gifted and appreciative or dreamers and silly hearts. Especially on an elementary level.
Also sticking to Porsche tradition are the engines. Both the Boxster and Boxtser S models are powered by flat-six engines with direct fuel injection, the efficiency of which is further enhanced by electrical system recuperation, thermal management and a useful start/stop function. Even better, the Boxster’s new base engine delivers 265 hp from a 2.7 liter displacement – that translates to a ten hp improvement over its larger displacement predecessor. Step up to the Boxster S, and the displacement increases to 3.4-liters, while the power jumps to 315 hp — a five hp improvement over the last Boxster S.
This is quite good served on a doily with a tiny vase of violets, along with a crisp green salad and Swedish Sour Rye bread. If you are careful, you can take bites of each and make everything come out even.
Somehow, in the mist of running the Giant Squid Showcase, being a Giant Squid Community Organiser, encouraging new giant squids, helping to run Get Cracking, and running the Cupcake Club and Cabaret Squidoo, Robin has found the time to write over 350 lenses!
Today I am so very thankful for friends. I honestly don't think that I could have made it through the last couple of years without the support they offer me daily. Tonight I got to take four of my closest and dearest friends shopping for the rest of the decorations for your tree. I had the best time, and just love them so SO much!
Q Thank you, Mr. President. With unemployment now at 9.2 percent and a large chunk of those lost jobs coming from the private sector, is now a really good time to cut trillions of dollars in spending? How will we still create jobs? And then to piggyback on the Social Security question — what do you say to members of your own party who say it doesn’t contribute to the deficit, let’s consider it but not in the context of this deal?
“Well, because you’re starting to look too Kmart. You don’t need to look Kmart.”
Keoni ducked his head when Mal was telling this, probably thinking that he did something wrong. I don't think he understood that Mal was letting everyone know that Keoni is turning into a man....and he is learning to handle himself well. That was an amazing moment for me...I knew how hard it was for him. I am so proud of him. It was amazing to see how many people came to see our son achieve the highest honor in scouting. The people there all really care about him and his family. There was no one there that felt like they had to be there..except maybe the Mayor...and I think Keoni was touched by the outpouring of love. I know I was. Keoni is the very first Eagle Scout in our whole family.....and I hope he is not the last.
I started saving £5 a month many years ago when I earned £80 per week, my rent was £40 of that. It was back breaking work and very hard to put that £5 aside, but I did it. The years went by and I increased the amounts as I could, I couldn’t yet afford a pension yet so at least I thought I should increase the savings slowly.
19. Favourite time of the day? Early evening.
I'm a bit stumped and hoping that if I put this idea out there in the universe, some link will be made and a sane friend of a friend maybe will become known to me.
Her special someone.........
and for overall cleaning: Sol-u-Guard Botanical. I love this cleaning solution. It cleans and smells really good, not chemically like other cleaning products. That's because it is all natural!!
List of A R Rahman filmfare awards:
The new idea is more fully explained in a Guardian article. Challenge 1: how to allow free access without undermining the value, such as peer review, provided by the publishers? Challenge 2: how do you fund this?
Well Miss Kimber as you turn the big 40... I just want you to know.. I'm NOT there yet! ;) hehe
Finally, the whole outlook of Orthodox Christianity is a positive one. Even in the earliest times, when the whole Roman world was against the Church and simply hunted out Christians from the catacombs and put them to torture and death, the Christians went to their death singing. Therefore, since the essence of our faith is that we are preparing ourselves for the world to come, our outlook is basically positive. All the negative things, all the evil things which the devil can devise against us and which men’s evil will can torture us with – these are small compared with the joy which is to come in the Kingdom of Heaven.
Coworkers..the people at USH are so friendly!
One of my favorite things about this line of stamps is that they have a nice selection of scripture stamps. For Christmas and Easter, I really like to focus on Christ since those holidays are about Him. So for this card, I let the verse take center stage. I added in some lovely paper from My Mind’s Eye and some pretty Prima roses. I’ve been on a distressing kick, so all the edges were distressed.
This year, as last year, I do not intend to make any Resolutions although I do have Plans. Those Plans include finishing off a quilt top or two which are languishing in my cupboard waiting to be quilted (believe me there are more than a few, but we have to start somewhere), make one or two more and quilt them straightaway, and make more clothes. The new scrumptious emerald/jade/teal green skirt is wearable as is although I have A Plan to trim it before it's worn, and the top which will be worn with it is in progress. It looks a wee bit small......let's hope the stretch factor is right......when it's done there will be a picture but not of me wearing it, because there are some things for which the world is not yet ready. While I was never a raving beauty when young I'm certainly no oil painting now and cannot pass a mirror or shop window without shuddering, so there is no way the world is going to see a picture of me in all my glory or lack thereof. There are a few pictures of me out there on the interwebz, but be assured they weren't put there by me.
In the mist of arguably the most eventful off-season in NFL history, Peyton Manning finally announced the team the he may end his career with. Manning was cut by the Indianapolis Colts after 14 seasons, multiple MVP awards and a Super Bowl championship. The main reason for Manning being cut was due to some neck complications that forced him to sit out the entire 2011 season which the Colts went 2-14, not to mention the Colts were set to pay Manning $28 Million on March 8th as a roster bonus.
-Laptop
Depending on tastes you either drink it 'clear' and leave the yeast in the mini-glass aside, or you drink it 'mixed' with the yeast. Tried it both ways, prefer the clear version.
The School held talent show tryouts. Rianne and a group of friends were going to do a dance but the girl thing happened and feelings were hurt, Rianne will avoid contention at all cost so she came home and said, "I want to be in the talent show but I don’t want to deal with all this, I don’t want to hurt anyone’s feelings but what can I do by myself." I suggested reading a book (monologue) So she tried out using the book Hip Hip Hooray for Annie McRae. She did a great job.
Pew.
1 notations
Sorry if you tried it and didn't like it. To be honest, I picked it for the name. LOL Oh well, just like books you never know if you're going to like it unless you try it.
The next step in my journey to learn about dirt was at an organic soil prep workshop. One of the first things that the Master Gardener made us understand is that grass is persistent. Unless you completely pull up ALL of the roots, you will not get rid of it and it will grow back. This is why when you compost grass, it should only be grass clippings and not roots: you don't want your compost bin or where you incorporate your compost to start sprouting grass. The areas that are going to be dug up in our yard won't be terribly deep, so we figured that unless we spend A LOT of time sifting that dirt it won't be terribly useful thanks to that persistent grass.
Suddenly, concerned and gentle eyes. Square face, black v-neck sweater, a guardian angel of a G-man in his 50s–and somehow I knew he was, from the first instant, but how??! the 6 guys identically dressed behind him with similar briefcases?? what do Party bigs carry??–loomed above us at the counter: “Is there some way I can help you?” he asks, in perfect kindest English.
Most days I live in fear of my letterbox. The bills arrive with regular monotony. It seems I’ve only just got one paid and the next is clamouring for attention.
Some researchers report that empathy is in our genes, we just need to let it unleash. By becoming more empathetic, unconditionally, we give ourselves the ability to connect.
"Are they still here?" she said, almost in a wail.
A highlight for me was when Candy Striping Hooker said that everyone called her a stripper but Courtney is the only one that got naked. Strip club wisdom. Then she took the fight to Courtney by asking why she called her a hooker on television. I felt bad for her until I remembered she actually is a stripper and TMZ caught her giving a lap dance like two weeks ago. So, yes Courtney sucks, but let’s admit the best way to not be called a stripper is to AVOID GIVING LAPDANCES ON CAMERA.
The MSIEDC is a private/public partnership that receives support from the Town of Mooresville and Iredell County. In addition, MSIEDC’s Partners in Progress represents a strong private sector involvement, both financially and through its volunteer efforts.
So - I expect that we will saturate you with all things French for the month of May, but travel with us and we'll show you many sights for the next thirty odd days.
Doesn’t mean I’m over cause you’re gone
Oh and ‘Kiy-oot’? That’s for Hicks. You don’t want to say that either.
ME: INTERNET! It's always been internet. It's still internet!
He explained they've been open only since the beginning of this year. When asked why the name he reminded me that the previous name had been "Alpha Star". I don't know smokey's background but with all the Halal references and his complexion I assumed a broad swath from the Middle East to Southern Asia. Smokey corrected me, he's from Fresno.
While I’ve been consistently hitting the treadmill the past few months, I’ve been doing it pretty leisurely- running for ten minutes, walking for two, running another mile until I’m bored and sprinting a couple minutes until my heart nearly explodes…you get the point.
As you can see, this female is rather pregnant, and near as I can figure out, may or may not be close to spawning. Unfortunately there isn't a real clear way to figure out exactly when a fish is going to pop. All the websites say "You'll know your female is close to spawning when she is very fat. Like, really very fat." Thank you, helpful online fish websites.
To listen to the interview with Anat Baron, go here. To see the movie, reach down the back of the couch and find five bucks and turn up at The Taphouse at 7 for a 7.30pm sharp start. To get your opinions on Radio Brews News, say hello and buy me a beer and ill see what I can do.
i've been on hiatus!
Emergency Hard Drive Data Recovery Services
In the latest installment of Apple, Inc.’s global patent war against Samsung over smartphone and tablet computer designs, a federal district court in California recently denied Apple’s request for a preliminary injunction. On December 2, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California ruled that Apple failed to prove that it faced irreparable harm from Samsung’s alleged infringement of its design patents for mobile phones and its utility patent covering touch screen display scrolling. The court also ruled that Apple’s design patent covering its iPad tablet computer was likely invalid. The full 65-page opinion is available here . Here are the high points:
Now to if those “forces” that repelled the American attack in 1947 are responsible for the events occurring now it is not in our knowing. It is, however, worth noting, and as we documented in our April 10th report “Russia Orders Missile Alert After Mysterious ‘Vortex’ Slams Into Germany,” recently released classified US documents prove that shortly after Operation High-Jump American military forces did, indeed, capture at least 3 UFO’s, and as we can read:
I’m not entirely sure or indeed convinced that leaving ‘worst affected’ areas is actually a sensible way to operate. What is likely to happen is that by the time Amey comes to the ‘worst affected’ roads they will be in a far greater worse state due to usage by motorists (and or severe weather conditions), which will logically mean that additional resources will have to be identified to improve these roads.
Dedicate as much time as you can on May 1 to healing the core of the issues.
I have been reading and reading and reading and now after Chef and I talked about it, we want your input too?? Do you have any great recipes that we can try with the kids? Really, it would be great to try them..got any secret recipes? What is your best meal?
Welcome to my wee photoblog on Glasgow, where we feature the joys and unjoys of walking and cycling through a fascinating, beautiful and often badly run city. For the blog's origin and a list of all posts see the 'Introduction' post -
MADAME TUSSAUD: The Woman
This ends up leaving a lot of hot magma on the surface exposed to the vacuum of space...the vacuum pressure alone would cause serious outgassing from the lava. This early Earth would probably have had a pretty significant CO2 and water vapor atmosphere, so I guess I'm not seeing the "dead, lifeless rock" here.
“But we preach Christ crucified, unto the Jews a stumbling block, and unto the Greeks foolishness; But unto them which are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ the power of God, and the wisdom of God.”
Bjurström, Erling (1997) Högt och lågt. Smak och stil i ungdoms kulturen (High and low. Taste and style in youth culture) Umeå: Boréa.
I am afraid to drive in the snow. I almost got in a accident on a snow covered road a while back and ever since I have been scared to drive in the snow. I used to be okay with it. I learned how to drive in Wisconsin. One time when I was driving in Wisconsin and breaking to make a left turn onto a street I slide and soon around the same direction I had just came from. I laughed it off. When I moved to Ohio, I used to make myself slide on purpose to see what it felt like and see how to pull out of it. Of course I waited until I was on a street where there were no cars.
His answer was perfect and so right on. "Of course. In twenty years we'll look back and love this scene! You'll be glad I put it in."
(Lights out. They exit.)
It doesn’t matter, it’s not like any explanation AT ALL is given. Seriously, none whatsoever. They just happen to have warped to a boat.
* 3 bedrooms
But whatever prospects come out of that pack, I know I'm not holding on for four years hoping they make it.
And then suddenly you realize: that was it.
In the mean time, I had been in correspondence with Cindy Morrison, a former anchor at KTUL-Channel 8 in Tulsa. Mrs. Morrison helped more than I imagined. I had emailed my story to four of the local news channels in Tulsa, as well as The Tulsa World. KJRH Channel 2 said there was “nothing they could do”, while KOTV Channel 6, KOKI Channel 23 and The Tulsa World never did respond to my emails. Mrs. Morrison sent me numerous emails, ranging from starting a petition, to an extensive search on the net.
The last 20 years or so have been spent raising a family and I hate to say this, but also with me figuring out who I am.
Xu Guan began to wonder if he had Tuberculosis. Would he be one of the men lying by the side of the road dying in a few days? Would it be a peaceful, painless death? Xu Guan knew nothing of the disease other than what he had heard in rumors around the campfires.
Jackson Bambei
Much as I'd like to, I can't really procrastinate any longer, the boy-reporter pantaloons are calling. Happy Tuesday. x
My tea for one afternoon was totally delightful. While I enjoy sharing tea with my daughter or a friend, it was a delightful treat to just have a tea party for myself. There's something quite restorative about a few hours of solitude...and a beautiful teacup filled with piping hot Earl Grey.
But how could it be? For so long this is exactly what I’d hoped for, exactly what I wanted to do.
Yes, in 21 days, on Tuesday the 12th of October, The Scorch Trials will be available in stores nationwide (USA and Canada only, other countries later). I'm so excited for you all to read this book. So, so excited. The early reviews are very positive (yay Kirkus!!!! review to be shown here soon) and I just can't wait for those who liked The Maze Runner to see which direction the story goes. I can promise you'll be surprised.
In this book, Ave feels that life is changing – and she isn’t sure she liked it. Her good friend Iva Lou seems to be keeping secrets, Ave’s daughter Etta has got married and is living in Italy, and scariest of all, Ave’s husband Jack is taken into hospital with a suspected heart condition. The prospect of losing Jack makes both of them face up to what they still want to do with their life, and face up to the changes taking place around them. Ave has to face her fears and Jack has to face his mortality.
How has doing a yearlong/daily project affected your life? Having to create a mixed-media art page each day keeps me focused on creativity all day now, I look at the next day’s project as soon as I complete and post the project for the current day. This gives me time to let my mind wander through the challenge, mull over the possibilities, and think about what art supplies I have to pull from before I actually get into creating the project in the evenings. I am excited about learning and trying new art techniques again and am not spending my entire evenings channel and internet surfing anymore. I‘m getting encouraging and complimentary comments from friends and family on Facebook who are following my daily updates. I have learned and experienced so many new ways of exercising my creativity, (I made encaustic media from a youtube video and finished my first encaustic piece yesterday), and am uncovering a lot about my creative process as well. I realize now when I was blocked before I was prone to giving up and have more than a few unfinished paintings over the years to prove it, but knowing that there will be another prompt tomorrow encourages me to stay on task so they won’t pile up. I have also learned to just let go and let the art happen. In painting I was so process oriented from the sketch to the finished piece and with mixed-media I don’t have to be so much. I can start with an idea or just throw something, anything on the page to see what happens, and that I’ve discovered; is when the magic happens.
It was a beautiful day and the sunrise was gorgeous. There were places where the course was not well-marked and a couple of people did get lost – one got several extra miles of running around trying to get back on course.
But the generals are smart, they realize that after 4 weeks or so, the dying starving people will be old news, and forgotten to the general public,so they wont really have a problem.
The only things that I wasn't fond of, was that even when Fran decides which boy she wants, she's still willing to kiss/hug/snuggle with the other one. Which is, I might add, very heartbreaking. The last fourth of the book dragged slightly, and most of it is build up for book two, I think. There are supposed to be three books to this series, and I'm still very anxious to get to read the next one. (The only problem here, is that this one hasn't even officially come out yet. -head desk-)
Tweeters (non-stick kind or long ones)
“Yeah, I’m going to stay here on the couch.”
I love to learn, so whatever I write ends up being infused with odd facts and trivia. In The Faustian Host, I created a school for gifted kids for that very purpose. The cool thing is that while much of the information seems irrelevant, some of it ends up saving the kids' lives.
“You can have all the symposiums you want, but why don’t they open a constructive debate? The Church is too closed in on itself,” Roberto Mirabile, the head of La Caramella Buona, an Italian victims’ group, told AFP.
- It will be dangerous for the person openly carrying the gun.
“I listed myself in the directory in the hopes that it might mean that I would be invited to a luncheon, a group something that might happen with people who are like I am. Nothing like that ever happened, that was clearly not the use for it and so I stopped checking it off,” said Warren.
Obviously they did not get the response they had hoped for and therefore, in true PRAVDA style they censored their readers.
And simultaneously a unique state of electro-physiological brain function.
Who was? Well, the key was in the connection between the victims, Linda Lofthouse and Nick Barber. Nick had figured it out, and digging into it further was what got him killed. Not because of the connection, but because he was digging. In a sense, Lofthouse’s murderer had already been punished and it was that third crime, one which no one knew anything about going into this case, that provided the motive.
And then that's coupled with: Tell the district judges to stick very closely to their job, allow the clear and convincing standard to apply to facts, and by that we mean brute facts, and let them decide the brute facts, but let the judge decide whether that amounts to obviousness, novelty, or any of the other prerequisites.
twice a week attended church worship with parents August through March,
37.Precision grip. When someone is speaking to you and uses a precision grip, or the thumb and forefinger touching with the other fingers closed on the palm, they are trying to relate something to you that they want you to understand.
I only hope that 2011 will be 1/2 as good to me as you were. I hope that I can accept and excel at the challenge of a new job. I hope Granite and I can find a barn that will treat us as kindly as Becky's has. I hope TK and I continue to grow forward together and as individuals. I hope to live within my means and save money for a better future. I hope to continue gaining knowledge in my career field and about horses. I hope to give back to my community and my county and my friends. I hope to get back to running because I found so much joy in it but have put it on the back burner. I want to read more. I want to chase life and live every moment. I wish you all the same good fortune in the new year.
No more
Our correspondent says many politicians and members of the public appear to be less concerned about Bin Laden's presence in Pakistan and more about the way the US was able to carry out its raid without official permission.
It will take about 30 days for all the paperwork to be completed before ownership of the place located almost equidistant between Cheyenne and Laramie in southeast Wyoming changes hands, Sammons said.
This book answers every question that I ever asked her about trip planning and financing, and many more, things like how to take a leave of absence from your job, how to fund a big trip, how to decide on an itinerary, and how to deal with the smack in the face that is real life upon returning from an epic adventure.
I am now flummoxed with many decisions and with such a sad feeling that she did not live to see us turn the whole courtyard outside her apartment window into a garden paradise. It was nice enough this first summer but did not grow as lushly as I had hoped. The sandy soil needs more improvement and there is a surprisingly severe slug or snail problem in the enclosed courtyard. She waited all summer for her dahlias to bloom. Finally one did, and I do hope she got to see it the day before she died. (“Oh, so NOW you decide to bloom!” I thought at it when we went up to begin to clear out her apartment the day after her death.)
It's been a couple weeks since I posted about planting the hugelculture beds. They're a carpet of green: lettuce, spinach, chard, radishes, onions and kale. Another week or two and I should be harvesting lots of salads! It will be interesting to see how well they produce, especially once I start adding in the bigger plants like tomatoes, peppers, eggplants and squash. The tomatoes, peppers and eggplants are doing great in the greenhouse with another batch started a week ago. The rhubarb is about ready for a first harvest and the comfrey already has flowers! The food forests are also coming alive with fruit trees taking off as well as all of the perennial herbs: oregano, lemon balm, sage, thyme, yarrow, purple coneflowers, feverfew, and tansy. The blueberries, currants, serviceberries, gooseberries and pawpaws are also awake and growing rapidly. Last but not least, the hardy kiwi vines have really taken off and look great.
In fact, most banks have no reserve requirements at all on savings deposits, CDs and certain kinds of money market accounts. Primarily, reserve requirements apply only to “transactions deposits” – essentially checking accounts.
Muslim murder at Fort Hood, a failed Christmas bomber on a commercial jet, and another failed bomber in Times Square. The response to all three incidents was slow and very, very politically correct, tip-toeing around using the word “Muslim.”
i know, i know - somehow within the last month this turned into a blog about my life instead of tid bit's of it -- anyway i WILL be going back to fashion, home decor, design, finds i love, artwork, ect SOON..
the trick is to be on twitter live during real time, when they are on line. make sure you tweet them when you know they are online and reading their screen. differentiate your message from the other hundreds of messages you think they are getting at the same time from others, and maybe, just maybe, they will not only read your tweet, but reply directly to you.
Dad could see the San Francisco skyline behind me, and I had to turn around every once in awhile to enjoy it too. Especially when the lights started coming on and the city started shining like a string of jewels in a jeweler's case.
The right-wing English Defence League had planned a counter demonstration. A police spokesman said: "We urge the conference organisers to work with us in future."
This movie was SO cute! It's a great family movie! Brayden loved it and kept dancing to it. It had a great plot. It was fun and not boring at all. It was very funny! It also had a TON of great/popular songs. I love Jason Lee. If I were you I would definitely buy this movie! This movie would be perfect for an Easter basket for your children! They have even released printable Easter cards for the movie!
And here is a fuzzy (sorry - I really need a better camera) picture showing the inside of the Dark Chocolate Raspberry Bar - those red bits are real raspberries.
The bank confirmed this week that in January this year its operations department told Pamodzi it intended renegotiating the deal with a view to reducing its R800-million exposure. The money was repaid last month.
The ladies from the department ushered the children inside and you could see they were trying to take everything in. Within about 10 minutes we had received our brief from the department and off they went and we were left standing there with three new little people in our home.
One of the things I forgot to mention the other day about SINCE I BECAME A MOM is that I have lost my short term memory...since I became a Mom.
So is our whole community.
However, the building was old and the street she lived, URGHS! x__X
Mix together 1 cup water and 1 cup sugar. Heat over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Juice 4 lemons to for 1 cup of fresh lemon juice, slice remaining lemons thinly. Tear 5 mint leaves and drop into the bottom of a pitcher. Add lemon slices, lemon juice and 4 cups of water. Fill pitcher with ice.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place the tortillas in a stack on a cutting board. Cut them like a pie, into 6 triangles. Set aside. Pour a small amount of green chile sauce into the bottom of a 9x13 dish, turn the dish in your hands, just to coat the bottom with the sauce. Place one layer of tortilla triangles across the bottom of the dish and scoop about a third of the chicken mixture on top of it. Top that with a layer of cheese then another layer of tortillas. Repeat two more times, finishing with the final layer of cheese.
all my family that received an invite has called or texted about how cute caleb looks in that tie.
This latest shoot from FRESH photography is super fun. I am a huge fan of feathers, especially feathers on lashes. So that is what stands out for me, but this shoot is full of great details that seem as inspired by a couture fashion spread as a unique wedding story. Definitely worth a peruse.
In Maddie news, she has officially announced that she will NOT be attending preschool, nor will she attend school at any point in the future. Oh, and she will let me put her hair in a ponytail when we go to the beach. But only once. Sigh. (I have been begging for her to let me put her hair in a ponytail for months. This is the first bit of leeway she's allowed me on this subject!)
Has his influence and control extended so far into Tasmania that Taib will succeed in destroying their forests in the same way as he has destroyed the forests of Borneo, Papua, Congo, Solomon Islands, Guyana and elsewhere?
Well, coffee and palm oil (another erstwhile major export of the
After meandering around about Ri’s fans and their love for her, she eventually got to her point : Would she get any visits from Kutcher while out promoting the film?.
After sloughing through the NoX and coal filled air that the communists force upon their citizenry, I found myself at a local building where I frequently find myself. As per usual in China, many of the elevators in the fine establishment, which although only a decade old had more cracks in its veneer than the communist party which paid for its manufacture, were not functioning.
She had it and didn’t even know it. How profound is that? She lived the dream. She was now on the other side of the dream. The side no one wants to see, or even believe it exists. Death has parted them and she is the one left standing, alone and lonely. How sad is that?
i hope it no longer rains in the next few days or weeks. i'd hate to spend christmas on a rainy day.
Look, the girls are laughing at me.
Give me just enough to make me beg to read more.
3 Chicken breasts
Artistic director Martha Lavey took big risks bringing the some of most poignant and troubling topics and the leading voices of contemporary fiction to stage. Don DeLillo, Haruki Murakami, and Cormac McCarthy gave meditations on euthanasia, suicide, and disaster. Bruce Norris’ Unmentionables, a play about moral contradictions deep in the heart of Africa’s missionary and corporate culture, rounded out the season with a direct confrontation with the audience, poking fun at mimesis as the escapism we all seek in the arts. Ultimately though, Love Song, a play about a lonely, troubled loner in love with a creation of his own mind, was the gem.
Pumping in my living room.
I hope that you all are having a great Memorial Day weekend! I am thrilled to be relaxing at home doing nothing! Have fun and please remember to say a prayer for those who sacrifice so much to allow us these freedoms!
“Sixty pounds.”
Aroma: There was surprisingly little first impression to this brew, almost a “clean glass” aroma. The second nosing found fresh green vegetation notes with recognizable notes of humulin. The third nose-dive found more of those hop notes but not a crescendo, more of a glissade.
these cookies are very thin and golden and studded with dark chocolate chips. they are buttery and sugary and vanilla-y. they are at once crispy and chewy. what in the world is inferior about that? these cookies are, in a word, sublime – sublime enough to have made me appreciate every bit of their cowpieness and to have been deemed worthy of a spot near the top of my imaginary cookie recipe podium.
How can you justify to your kids or family, if you have any, that by simply doing nothing to suppress information posted on this and other blogs, you could have allowed the parents of now orphaned kids to make informed decisions concerning the safety of their travel plans, places they visit and activities they carry out?
I almost didn't tell this story because I worried it might embarras you someday, but then I remembered you're a boy so you'll love poop stories and probably think its really cool :)
Good news: Episode 3 is filmed and in the editing stage, about half finished. I still don't have a good videocamera (insurance process is slow), but I managed to get stuff recorded on our zi6. I was hoping to have it done for the weekend.
My questions arise whenever I cease to obey. When I do obey God, problems come, not between me and God, but as a means to keep my mind examining with amazement the revealed truth of God. But any problem that comes between God and myself is the result of disobedience. Any problem that comes while I obey God (and there will be many), increases my overjoyed delight, because I know that my Father knows and cares, and I can watch and anticipate how He will unravel my problems.
My Cousin's wedding is May 20th. There has already been drama about the bridesmaids dresses and alas 2 months later...it is not over. No "Resolved Conflict" can be written yet. From 5 embarrassing dress fittings for me, a dress was chosen. I was not present at the final selection fitting and of course the comment, "Are you sure a 16 will fit you? What if they run small?" comment was made to me, aggravating me a lil more. I don't understand some of my family's warped perception of weight & sizes.
Mr Morales said he had ordered the take-over in honour of the Bolivian people fighting to regain control of their natural resources.
But this is what I think the frequencies may be useful for now, in practice of making it I may get overwhelmed and dumb it down so it at least works.In the days of tor, there was many donkeys.
Here's my card that I made for the first HYCCT challenge: "pink critters"...hence, my pink cow from the
Her tone was not the normal Polish-tinged purr I’m used to hearing through her powder blue surgical mask. It’s unusually urgent and hurried.
you BAR attorneys will join them for your crimes.
There were a couple of times when i got confused on which character is actually speaking, because the points of view of the characters almost have the same tone and i couldn’t quite distinguish their distinctness from each other. So every now and then i’ll go back to the page where it states the name of whoever’s talking. The storyline is also that of a roller-coaster-kind-of-thing. You get lost the entire time you’re reading. Since it’s all about “time travel” I already expected it to be complicated, but it ended up to be way more than just that. The beginning becomes the ending and who knows what else. Every part just weaves itself to intricate webs of time, criss-crossing and overlapping each other. The story presents itself with the theory that the past, present and future are time dimensions that are happening all at the same time and that they co-exist with each other, which makes the story even more confusing. I was able to grasp and follow all those time travel lapses, but it required much understanding from my part and a lot of critical thinking. And it really slowed my reading. But well, I salute the author for being able to connect all the details. I swear if it’s hard to follow it by reading, what more if you’re the one writing it?
one 9 1/4 x 9 1/4 piece for backing
…and this book shows how they’re doing it.
to take away
Some time ago I wrote about the Top 10 book endings. Recently I’ve been thinking about the Top 10 book openings; a ‘top 10′ which I found particularly difficult. I used the following criteria: the top 10 lines would be those I easily recalled, (meaning they were especially memorable), or they would be the lines which had most made me want to keep reading.
RYAN: Well, we just bottled our 2011 Rutherford Sauvignon Blanc., and now that that’s finished I’ve begun going through and tasting the 2011 reds in barrel in order to evaluate them.
Yield: Liquid soap recipe makes 10 gallons.
The petition also alleges that many “missing” children reach adoption agencies from where they are shipped out to foreign destinations. “The CBI should probe the link between missing children and children going in inter- country adoption”, they said.
The best thing about the heroine, Makino, is her ability to be in a powerful love story and not have it be all she ever thinks about. She spends plenty of time angst-ing and brooding about it, of course, but she is always moving forward with her life. When it looks like Domyouji is going to marry someone else for instance, she tries talking to him about it and when it doesn’t work she accepts it. Sure she is enraged, but it fuels her to pursue a dream – he doesn’t want her anymore? Fine! She’ll become a lawyer. She spends her time studying furiously, rather than wandering around crying. Another example: her father constantly wastes what little money they have on gambling and rather than condemning him and hating her lot in life, she brings the family together, declaring that all they can do is keep moving forward.
My friend Jen encountered some drama with her little elf:
CRITERIA:
I wasn’t alone. A few other people asked if anyone was planning on doing a run-walk pace.
Inspirations: a book (omega minor(Paul Verhaeghen) ). a series (californication). and a living creature.
I didn't actually try the butter bars. Can you believe it? I had just chugged down 2 Izze sparkling juice things (I had never heard of these until BlogHer, but now I'm addicted) and I was too full to try one.
From a profile of Cindy McCain, describing her husband John: "He preferred his women to suffer in silence."
Well it has finally arrived. After a manufacturing delay , the Heartfelt Creations Decorative Lace Border is in.(I apologize to heartfelt creations for earlier stating it was a problem in production which it definitely wasn't!) I was kindly told by Rich of Heartfelt Creations that "Manufacturing delays are normally caused by high production and product demands." It is obvious why this die was in such high demand. My die cuts beautifully and this is one you will use over and over again. I also have some new embossing folders from Crafts-Too! Several of you missed the last Just Rite Stamps Order and want to get the new holiday stamp sets so I will do another preorder. I need all Just Rite orders by this Thursday, July 14th. To see the new Just Rite Stamps go to their website HERE but make sure to email me with your order at dutchpapercrafts@gmail.com to get a special Christmas in July 25% off all Just Rite stamps and Just Rite Exclusive dies.
Seal
2. Give this award to 5 other bloggers, who must have less than 200 followers, and let them know through a comment on their blog.
Slow down, you’re moving too fast
“Davis! Time to stop composing and start delivering. I got three for central Buckhead.”
Me: My master? You should be saying that wearing a happy coat.
invented a light that uses both a RECHARGABLE battery and two backup, alkaline batteries. The reason for multiple battery types is to insure adequate power. Solar power only works with adequate SUNLIGHT. The longer the solar cells are exposed to daylight, the longer the charge. Conversely, less daylight means less charge. All SolPals lights have the option to be either completely solar-powered or to use built-in hybrid technology. The hybrid sensor first utilizes all stored solar energy, then, if necessary, automatically switches to the backup alkaline batteries.
People involved in social media people are looking online for opportunities to connect and exchange information with people who share their interests, not with brands or organizations or products.
What were we going to do with this monster entertainment center and matching book cases? I purchased the set from Lowes many years ago. I had labored for days putting these heavy alder wood pieces together. Plus the center was under $150 and such a good deal. My husband wanted to put the furniture out in the dumpster or sell it at the yard sale. After saying no a few times, I finally realized where we could us it. In our rental home there was an option to make the formal dining room into a 4th bedroom, the owner decided not to do the extra bedroom but they still made a spot for the door to go. It was crazy we had this strange alcove in our home. I never could figure out what to do with it. The entertainment center can fit!
Then Saturday, Kasi and I attended the baptism of MAX. He's my BFF's son and he is so yummy and delicious! The boys could not make it because Damian had a baseball game :( It was the most beautiful baptism I have ever attended. The pastors message was powerful and the ceremony was quick. After the event, they had lunch at a beautiful restaurant. My friend Tery is very crafty so she made all her invitations, keepsakes, flower arrangements and even the banner. EVERYTHING was just PERFECT!!
In England, there is an invisible space around each person that you have to respect. It’s all about being an individual.
Except for one plane that landed in the then Soviet Union, the other planes ran out of fuel and the crews bailed out.
What I love about The Elephant House is that it has resisted turning its focus from saving elephants to the subject that has made it famous globally – and just in case you are unaware, this is the cafe that JK Rowling found warmth and inspiration when she was initially writing the tale of the now famous wizard – it is now known as the birthplace of Harry Potter .
* Cause these modules to be loaded at boot time, (just before mounting
I’m going to marry my jc sweetheart!
They aren't leather but then I am a vegetarian so shouldn't really wear leather anyway.
the Wolf let
How I made:
-If walk into the room and she makes a bee line for the exit she’s not shy, she’s just interested.
the lawyer said as he looked at his watch: "
I will post links to the show so you can view it online and hopefully I’ll be able to post the audio as a podcast.
Assign a Social Media Monitor is the 49th in a series of excerpts from our book, Be a Person: the Social Operating Manual for Enterprises (itself part of a series for different audiences). At this rate it’ll be a long time before we get through all 430 pages, but luckily, if you’re impatient, the book is available in paper form at http://bit.ly/OrderBeAPerson and you can save $5 using Coupon Code 62YTRFCV
Happy Tuesday Slow Roasters! Welcome to Simply Delicious here at The Slow Roasted Italian. I am so excited to share with you one of my Munchkin's favorite dishes. She is an Italian lover through and through. I myself could live on pasta and meatballs. I have only shared a few meatball recipes and I figured it was time to share one that is a little more decadent and fun to eat.
Bam: The Burnt Brasse Project is exactly what the words say almost like saying Dirty Metal or Dirty Hip-Hop. We are taking the Hip Hop element like as if it was an element on the periodic table and superheating it with other elements like Dub, D&B, Rock, Dub-step, Electronica but still with a social disposition. We have travelled and seen and heard and are still
Plus, I don't like the dirty looks the customers give me when they think that smell came from me. It's embarrassing, dammit.
and your breath on my skin,
I sent Joe to practice with Kari, and came about 15 minutes late. It took longer to bake the fries and the chicken than I thought it would. But i got it all done, and off we went. The little kids played and ate, and the moms ate and chatted.
I'm sure many of you have heard of Bath and Body Works, and probably are as obsessed with their candles as I am. But, this weekend they had a sale going on for 2 of their 3 wick candles (the big ones) for $20. They're usually $19.50 each, so it's basically 2 for the price of 1, which is amazing! They also had their little mini candles for 2/$5, so of course I picked some of those up to include in a giveaway I have planned for if I get to 300 followers! :)
After seven years of treatment, Parnham said Yates is “just as normal as you or I.” He hopes conditional release for weekly church services will be the first step toward her one day living on her own and holding down a job.
Regional Medical Center at Lubec for use of the tent.
“Um, no its ok, Bantum. Relax. This is how we’re going to handle this…” said Hermel. And then he shouted without so much as sitting up, “Who goes there?!”
Twas the Night ... Disney (west) ... 5:30 AM
3. I once rode on an elephant as part of a carnival but had to get off when I started to get seasick
Ultimately I was put on modified bed rest for two weeks, pending detailed ultrasound for sometime this week (to be determined). Modified bed rest doesn't sound so bad, unless you read really what it entails. The only real difference between that and strict bed rest is that you can still do things like take daily showers and like, wipe down counters and fold laundry. Other than that I am not supposed to do a dang thing. I guess I am a bad patient because I really hate this.
You never know when I might play a wild card on you!
I just hope, seriously hope that he is straightening out all his kinks and trying to get his shit together and it will eventually be better… because right now.. I’m close to the edge and I don’t think I can return from there
Cherry Jones (Cradle Will Rock)
He tells his manager to hurry and prepare to go back. “I need to go and confirm it!”
What is your favorite type of workout and do you wake up early to get it done?
Accessories: May Art silk ribbon, liquid pearls, scallop punch EK success, fish charm (doodlebug), twine and dimensionals
The crystalline thinking is something I look for constantly in poetry and rarely find. Perhaps unfairly, one holds such instances up as remarkable moments of grace in terms of content, form, gesture--the execution resonates profoundly. Of course I've only seen bits of Marclay's piece on line, and offer them below, until I can report on the actual physical engagement. But I won't be offering up 24 hours of my life to the project, in which case any response I might have would be unfair, no? Incomplete.
Overall, life is good.
I hadn't seen Psychic Chick in four years. We met for some chicken and convo at the Swish in Scarborough and as soon as I walked in, it was like we left each other only days, minutes, hours before. Everything picked up right where we left it, draining in the kitchen sink, resting on the stair, lingering on our lips. Four years and four hours later, we were refreshed yet a little stiff from sitting in a small booth. We didn't have to cultivate conversation. Segues sprouted, tangents were embraced and I left with a promise that it won't take another four years to find our way back. We were never really gone.
He took the tome out and started to wave it about for all to see.
Jozef Bulatovic
Copperfield’s
OU: I've always regretted that I never saw The Who up close. I was certainly no stranger to the scalpers, and easily could have paid my way into the first few rows. I really have no excuse. As a result, this recording sounds a bit distant, which
We added tons of comfy sitting space. The outdoor set we bought includes a coffee table that doubles as extra storage, which is great for tucking away the cushions when it's raining. We added a few plants and grew our own basil, which you can see just poking out at the left of the photo above. The mirror is a new addition, and it reflects all of the greenery in the backyard.
6. Do you have a loading bay? If so, what is the maximum size lorry it can accomodate?
When did I allow myself to become so disgusting? When did I throw in the towel and surrender to filth? I used to make fun of people like me. And now I could be the CEO and president of a filth club (I’m talking dirt people, minds out of the gutter).
I know that it would probably be a good idea to put on a protective coat, but that dresser really never gets used since it is in the guest room, so I made the executive decision to skip it.
So let’s get the negatives out of the way. At most of the places where I have undertaken work experience I have never been paid, or even received expenses. At one big magazine organisation, I did in fact receive expenses, but of all the placements I feel I got the least out of this one. The company was too large, there was not much opportunity for writing and there was more of a sense of “You are here to make the tea and photocopy and that is it.”
On to the ode to Kira, pictures of her first eight years!
so i wonder what it felt like. probably everything happened too fast to consider much. i assume there was a rush of adrenaline and panic and fear and then….it was all over. maybe you died then. or later. regardless, that was the end. of everything you had known and hoped for and dreamed of.
the jolt of the can opener
3sdm sweet soy sauce
Licensed Realtor & Assistant
It does kind of makes one wonder, though: if they can summon a bit of disgust and distaste for their opponent and the critics, just this once, perhaps it would be a good thing.
Lynn's thoughts on lace:
Byatt does not tell us a story about Matisse, but uses several of his paintings as inspiration to create a trio of insightful and timely short stories. In these beautifully written tales we are confronted with aging, professional jealousy and sexual harassment.
-Jericho hung in the ropes.
Got some beautiful Albacore from there, only $8, enough for Sashimi, to have with drinks then Ike Mata the next day
On Thursday, Sep. 15, Planned Parenthood of North Texas hosted a presentation by Nancy Northup, president of the Center for Reproductive Rights, to discuss their lawsuit against the state of Texas’s new sonogram law. The event, called “Trust Texas Women,” was held at the First Unitarian Church of Dallas, and I attended, ostensibly as a concerned pro-choicer, although no one asked me my affiliation.
Thanks Beth for agreeing to do the interview!
It is a horrible condition that usually sets in around the evening/night time and kind of feels like you have creepy crawlies crawling under your skin, along and around the surface of your bones and makes your legs move involuntarily in jerky, twitchy motions. It really gets started when laying down, although I do sometimes get it when I'm sitting for long periods, eg in the car or at a concert, as well. I've mentioned it briefly before here.
Minnesota
Think I am going to sell that in my new etsy shop I hope to have up and running tomorrow.
Working out the circulation of a newspaper is straightforward – find out how many copies have been printed, then take away the number returned unsold by newsagents.
The car (for once) is blissfully silent except for the sound of the ‘Fearless’ Ms. Swift..Hey Stephen, I could give you fifty reasons…And I’m almost finished psyching myself up for the quick in-and-out for my must-have morning crutch, when I hear:
Two new touches were added to the Career Show in 2011. The show, in a revised and larger layout thanks to a massive expansion of the Indiana Convention Center, featured a new pattern of organization by career cluster areas. Additionally, a new “AutoWorld” section was added with exhibitors from various automotive and racing industries.
Malayan tapirs are the only tapir from Asia and are found in Indonesia, Burma (Myanmar), Malaysia and Thailand. This incredible species faces a high risk of extinction, with latest studies estimating that the population could decline by up to 50 per cent over the next 30 years.
The document also states that corrections are never given sufficient prominence and that the press ombudsman (self-regulation) is ineffective.
This season has my name written all over it, at least until Spring arrives anyway.
through the prism of my mind.
It is different now. Immigration directly affects people in areas from Southern England to the north of Scotland in a way that it never did thirty years ago. An indirect effect of the new Tory government will be to galvanise a nationalist movement. The middle-aged and older, comfortably-off, disproportionately concentrated in the Home Counties may have to face reality now gypsies have preferential treatment over land in their areas and realise that a Tory-led government will also be biased against them whatever they say; radical imams are too threatening or taxes too high.
Next Step turn off your original “Orange Layer” click on one of the orange layer halves, using your “Warp” Tool, simply peel back the orange so that it exposes the apple underneath, like so. Then do the same with the other orange half.
For emotional or physical
It’s been said a thousand times: Congress had to pass President Obama’s health care law in order to find out what’s in it. But, despite the repetitiveness, the level of shock from each new discovery never seems to recede.
now all around the border
Annette Evans from Stellenbosch wrote that she worked as research technician in 1961-62 under Dr Chris Barnard. She states that the photo taken of Naki was not in an Operating Room, but in actual fact in a surgical research laboratory in the mortuary in Anzio street - not even situated on the premises of Groote Schuur hospital itself. They referred to the laboratory as the “doglab”, because research was done on dogs.
When we bought our home the pantry was a major selling point. I loved how much storage it offered right off the kitchen. However, the pervious owners only had TWO shelves in this huge space.
Our plan is to rent out our home, unfurnished, which will help offset mortgage costs, and we'll have our same home to come back to once our time in China comes to an end.
And although the company is underwriting the construction with an 18-month timeframe in mind, it believes as much as six months can be shaved off by going modular. Meanwhile, she said, renters at the tower will find the same design standards as they would in a conventionally built apartment high-rise: “No one will feel they got short shrift because they’re in a modular building.” Keep watch, I'd suggest, for Forest City's search for subsidies to get the project off the ground.
Listing broker: Barbara Zaccagnini
first time by George Szirtes and contains excellent poems by the well known, such as Owen Sheers, Philip Gross, Susan Wicks, Matthew Sweeney, Jane Yeh and Maurice Riordan but also exciting new work by Shazea Quraishi, A.B.Jackson, C. Jess-Cooke, Tom Warner and many others, as well as a Centrefold section that serves as introduction to work by important poets not usually in the limelight. Not to mention reviews of the largest books.
This is probably the closest to how the lipstick looks in real life, though the swatch it is more blue and brighter. The real colour is slightly dulled and greyer. I would still wear it but it's nowhere near as nice as the website swatch.
The nurses came, they needed to take her for some tests.
Driving home I wondered how to fill the two and a half hour chasm until Manchester United played Crawley Town on ITV. I decided to clean my bathroom. When I was done it looked as good as any you would see in a Barratt show home. This gave me as much satisfaction as I get from connecting cleanly with a volley, or making an important sliding tackle. It was at this moment I came to realise that middle-age was less of a giant leap and more of a gradual transition.
Australian residents should be aware they can borrow these books from The National Library of Australia on inter-library loan to their local reference library, assuming it’s not already on the shelves there.
Anyway, I eventually made a right on McPherson (as far as my city intuition I have developed through living here for 23+ years told me to go) and then made a right on Euclid after another block.
This is what my life here has become. A year ago, I would have viewed all of these verbs as sideline activities. ”People who just watch, hope, wait and trust are not ACCOMPLISHING anything,” I would have thought.
“Oh sure, I just put her in a stroller and put a blanket over her and everybody thinks she’s a baby. If they see her in her cage they’ll make us wait for the next bus so there’s more room for others with buggies and stuff. Did I mention I can be an asshole when my sister needs me?”
This is not a telephone or Internet session. To receive the energy you just sit or lie down and relax on Wednesday Feb. 3 from 7-8 PM Pacific or Los Angeles, California Time (10-11pm EST) and receive the energy. Even if you have to be active during the session you can still receive great benefit. If you live in a different country you can convert the time on the Internet by searching for a World Time Clock.
These three were celebrating their birthdays:
As a tennis player, he was known as the original "Bad Boy" of tennis, before there was John McEnroe and Ilie Nastase. His 26-year career was highlighted by a 1970 season where he led the United States to the Davis Cup title, finished as the first-ever Grand Prix world points champion and won one of the most exciting matches in American tennis history that clinched the year-end No. 1 American ranking. He won both of his singles matches in the 5-0 U.S. victory over West Germany in the 1970 Davis Cup final, while he beat out rivals Rod Laver, Ken Rosewall, Arthur Ashe and Stan Smith to win the first-ever Grand Prix world points title the precursor to the modern day ATP rankings. At the 1970 Pacific Coast Championships at the Berkeley Tennis Club in Berkeley, Calif., he earned the No. 1 U.S. ranking when he beat Smith in a fifth-set tie-breaker, where both players had simultaneous match point in a sudden-death nine-point tie-breaker at 4-4. He also reached the semifinals of both the 1970 French and U.S. Opens, losing a famous match to Zeljko Franulovic of Yugoslavia in the French semifinals, despite holding match points and leading by two-sets-to-one and 5-1 in the fourth set. He and his sister Nancy, a former French and Australian singles champion, are regarded by some as the best brother-sister duo in tennis history.
No wonder I have self-esteem issues. I have a family who is embarrassed of themselves.
Dainty Floral on the right: I've been in search of this particular sheet for about a year. I have an exact match that my girls have been using as curtains in their room. Now that I found another one their window will finally have two panels.
Level 7: STR: +21, DEX: +21.
Cerebus is the first of a great many “phone books” which collect his magnum opus, the 300-issue megaseries called (straightforwardly enough) Cerebus the Aardvark. At this point in the game Sim’s hot-button topics hadn’t come to the fore, so it can be enjoyed for what it is, which is a spoof of the wealth of Conan-derivative comic properties. Although, with the benefit of hindsight, I can’t help but wonder how much of his future lunacy was visible at this point in his career (comparing him, unavoidably, to Frank Miller, whose present-day “lovable quirks” were actually quite detectable themes even in his early work).
Paramedic Believer
Into the air.
These words brought tears to my eyes. That someone liked my book so much they felt compelled to write me was an unexpected and most gracious Christmas present.
When the doors open at 11:00 a.m. on our new Saturnalia kick-off day, Black Friday (November 26), the first wave of sacrificial MMX Saturnalia selections will be tapped in the traditional, ritualistic manner, and the hedonistic pleasures will begin. The remaining kegs will be deployed as the days pass, and the revelry is expected to continue throughout the month of December.
It was a little difficult to take these shots because 1. I wasn’t carrying my Tripod ( I am glad) and 2. since it was afternoon the light was really harsh. I had to take really under exposed shots and was using a .9 ND filter. i am happy that I got most colors of the canyon, but few clouds and the sunset would have added a lot of glamor. one thing is for sure, i have to make a few more trips here. ..
Now it was the turn of Blood Gatherer to speak, “I just wanted to tell you about a rule of the underworld. Anything given to you at any of the Houses has to be returned to the guardians in the same condition they were given to you. Failing which your lives will be forfeit. Enjoy a good night’s sleep.”
uneasy warning,
The light from the nine chord/frequency is seen by the input variable, but the input variable does nothing with the light seen.
If you need some inspiration, please pop over and see the fabulous creations by the rest of the Design Team, and take a look at this month's prize:
"I was told by a manager I was being given a hard time because of my gender and for the male staff it was a case of 'little girls playing with little boys' toys,'" said Donna McAllister, 44.
Rachel H.- $25 Coupon Envy from Coupon Friendly
The result was complete disaster. The kingdom was divided as ten tribes of the twelve departed from Rehoboam, following rather Jeroboam forming the northern kingdom ofIsrael. I wonder if he ever had any remorse? The Biblical record does not say so. Rather he sought to make war against them.
1 x (1517)Tiger Beer (can) = 6.20
Then there’s the fact that many cultures, ancient and young, regard the shaman of the tribe as being slightly, shall we say, not all there.
Enacted on this same divan or bed;
Using the .NET library requires a couple of extra steps, one to create a UsbSetupPacket to send as part of the ControlTransfer, and some .NET framework plumbing to ensure the data stays in one place in memory for the Platform Invoke to take effect. We thus end up with:
Where I gotta tell you.......
Packaged content would be the finished books and DVDs I've created so far. This is one place where copyright is helpful and necessary. I have two books and two DVDs about free motion quilting, and sales of these items help to support this project and my family.
Here we all are on Christmas Morning. Tradition is to all line up in the hallway before we can go out to the family room to see our presents and stockings. I know we might be a little old for it, but here we are still doing it.
and i had to start all over again
Interviewing candidates after the hustings, they seemed to have been happy with the event. A comparatively low turnout could be blamed on a lack of PR for the event, and frankly, we’ve all got exams to be studying for, but it ensured that those students who actually came along were interested in the election. I’ll admit I was surprised at the lack of animosity between the candidates, particularly the Tory candidate, who was far from the baby-murdering monster that Tories are often portrayed as in the West of Scotland. He was actually pretty sound, although admittedly, knowing he’s going to get gubbed might do that. Fatalism can have a wonderfully calming effect on people.
Meaning: Greek god
Despite what’s implied by the photo, I’m not actually getting shorter. What I’ve learned is that I don’t necessarily need to buy ‘tall’ clothes anymore. The tall came in handy when I was fatter, because the extra length provided extra material to cover my belly – and I wouldn’t be caught dead (then or now) in a midriff-bearing shirt. I think I may still continue to be comfortable in some ‘tall’ clothes, but it will depend on brand and cut.
I have not done much with my hair, for now just co washing w/ Aubrey organics and DC every other week along with protective styles until I whip out the curly fro routine I've been hoping to get to.. Time has not been my friend so taking time out for anything has been problematic including hair. In the midst of it all I'm also meditating more, as well as in the process of setting up an altar.... but all that is still in the works. I don't even have time for inspiration and with summer being here weekends are full of BBQ's, beaches etc....
There is so much negative news out there ("if it bleeds, it leads"), some of us have chosen to stop reading/watching the news entirely.
Games I came abutting to finishing and stopped:
Teoh, 30, was found dead on the fifth floor of Plaza Masalam in Shah Alam last Thursday after giving his statement to the Selangor MACC which had been investigating allegations that certain state assemblymen had misused constituency funds.
What Does Amanda Burden Truly Think?
Narrator Now that really isn’t very nice!
Verse
And there were prayers for Yaakov before Elie, and Chaim and Shmulik after him. And now, tonight, I'll say a prayer for B. - Lauren's cousin and for the two boys I know from our neighborhood and tonight, this time, I'll also remember Tonight, I’ll go and listen to the stories – of brothers from our city who have fallen; of fathers lost; of husbands who will never return.
I can imagine the perfect woman for my husband–and she is not me. Now, I’m not suggesting I would rather Dave be married to someone else. What I am saying is that if I were his best friend, parent, or sibling I would have expected him to marry someone unlike me.
Through the use of Adobe Photoshop and Dreamweaver and analysis of web design principles I have considered the techniques necessary to design and build a photographer’s online portfolio and appreciate the interactive and online possibilities available to the photographer in promoting myself to a wider audience. I have also created a CV and business cards to aid in this promotion. The resulting website will serve as a showcase for my work completed on the course.
We can get lost in a crowd and still feel completely alone. We can disappear into the night, but still see where we are going. We can be absorbed in a book or a movie, and still realize who we are and where we came from before becoming absorbed. We can live our whole lives without ever experiencing a truly transcendent moment, and still feel that we somehow have a connection to something bigger than ourselves. But once we discover and truly experience a deep and abiding love for another human being, once we are awakened to the existence of the unmistakeably potent thrill that accompanies our acknowledgement of that connection to another, and then inexplicably suffer the gut wrenching experience of loss of such a connection, it throws away every doubt we might have about truly being here.
Binges can occur as often as several times a day. Some bulimics only binge once a week. The cycle of bingeing and purging depends on the person, and how serious their eating disorder is. Bulimics ten to feel out of control when they binge–like they can’t get the food into their mouth quick enough, and they can’t stop eating.
Hackgate has been an exciting, disturbing, perhaps even threatening story at times: a race in which there are many horses – and almost as many jockeys trying to block the progress of others. As Operation Weeting begins to upset senior Met officers, another one begins. As Hunt gives a verbal clearance to the BSkyB deal, Justice Vos makes another civil case date in Court. And just when it looks like Coulson and Brooks (and thus Camerlot) are safe, up pops Tom Watson to ask a question, or liberal journalists with new and ever-more damning information to make readers across the spectrum go to the site. (I’d probably read the Guardian twice in 2010 before last November: now I look at the main stories and media section every day.)
The E.U. Emissions Trading System already applies to about 11,000 factories and utilities across the European Union. Since the start of the year, airlines have had to obtain enough permits to offset their emissions along the entire length of round-trip journeys.
If you didn't like the book, that's okay too, just remember, once I've posted it, I know where you live.
Card 1 and details~
September 20
Down in the muck here
Now onto you guys. I leave for Disney in 20 days (yeahhh, I'm not counting) and it's been a stressful couple of months so I definitely won't be doing any schoolwork on this trip. But I don't want you to miss me too much while I'm gone! So I was trying to think of some posts I could create ahead of time to share with you while I'm gone. My classroom! I haven't really shared many pictures/descriptions of my classroom since I started blogging and I want to show you what this year looks like before I change for next year! I'm going to start taking pictures this week. I'm so excited!
could do to improve the relationship. Stand by for part two of this
So now both statues smile.
stay in there craft space and craft without pressure, enter a few challenges and enjoy the hobby. I look forward to my retirement when I dream of having nothing else to do but craft, right...in my dreams!
This information will be in the FAQs on the new site, but here’s our new strategy in a nutshell:
to the symphony of what it must do.
The water buffalo then seems so exotic, yet so recognizable at the same time. It’s like the cow, but not a cow. Watching them invoked both feelings of familiarity and foreignness. It made me feel far away from home, and yet comforted me in that it really wasn’t so different from what we’d see driving up the 5 North through the San Joaquin Valley.
I also have been playing with my new Flower Soft Stamps - for these cards I experimented and stamped the images with a pigment ink before washing over it with a water brush.
In 1948, the Yemeni ruler Imam Ahmad obliged Jews to pass on their expertise in crafts and trade to Yemeni Arabs before leaving the country.
Probably not one of my shining moments. But when I looked over at R, he was bawling too.
A must! Set your camera on it's best settings (high resolution), ensure you have plenty of 'natural light', and use a tripod.
Enjoy the art of Dreaming. Go wherever you choose to go. Be whatever you desire.
In the next few months I will be changing and expanding my blogging capabilities so watch for that change because I am excited about it!
My house had a kind of car park in the front. Well, enough parking space for me and the next door neighbours. Surrounded by a wall and quite clearly on private property.
"One of the best non-musical moments of the night was when they talked about Zappa's legacy, and then lead the audience in a round of applause for Frank himself.
is involved directly or
But instead, our leaders are tapping into the politics of division in a desperate attempt to get elected in the fall.
-Using a land line phone
Microsoft’s latest version of Windows operating system that is under development is the Windows 8 OS. The developer preview of the operating system is already available for download and users are excited about its new and trendy features like, Metro UI, Ribbon interface for explorer, Disk images mounting, enhanced Multi-tasking, Sensor Fusion, revamped Log on etc. When doing the windows 7 vs Windows 8 comparison, it can be seen that Windows 8 is a revamped version of Windows 7 and is inspired by Windows Mobile 7. Below given is a list of some crucial features incorporated in Windows 8 OS.
I decided on this yogurt cake, which is really more of a quick bread - definitely not as sweet or as rich as a pound cake. But waaaay better for you.
Yosemite on a very wet day in September about 5 years ago. The cloud was really coming off the hills and into the valley. For those who know the area, El Capitan and Half Dome are out of shot, down the valley to the right.
I had starred this recipe for Broccoli Cheddar Soup awhile back and this week was finally up to the challenge of making some new meals. I can't really say it's healthy, but you do get a truckload of veggies in your system and it's a super frugal dinner option! Oh and it came together quickly, for a soup especially! I'm enjoying a bowl of it for lunch today and am looking forward to having it for lunch again tomorrow!
Lunch: steak, mixed veggies, Cherry Coke Zero, AGG
Our very first visitor shot in not long after the gates were unlocked, and that's Craftilicious (edited to say I now know it's Tara), with this super card. I was quite stunned by the amount of time it must have taken to piece all the little snippets (0.5 and 1 cm pieces at that!) together to make such a gorgeous patchwork card. It's really terrific so for inspiration do hop over and see - this week we also had the Less Is More Challenge to use up your scraps and a few of you wisely combined the two!
And she nodded her head and said "Okay, that sounds right. I'll focus on that."
The Europeans therefore, and uniquely, set about the parenting those whom they regarded as inferior on the assumption and hope that if they could exercise “good parenting’” the subject societies would become “is just like theirs”.
I dance: with two left feet
He said the commission would now draw up economic targets for all member states in five key areas, including employment, poverty reduction and the number of young people attending university.
After weathering another sleepless night, I dragged my protesting body out of bed and down to the lobby, intent on ingesting massive amounts of caffeine. The coffee tasted like it had been made with the pond water that came out of the shower, but it served its function. Aching joints and creaky innards aside, I felt like I was ready to take on the world.
Thanks for your lovely comments on being absent & ill.
The tiny nativity scene fits into its own matchbox, a wooden dove, felt mushroom, glass pebble magnet and bracelet (all made by Anne), a festive Phoenix card, a crocheted snowflake, chocolate coins and a mulled wine sachet. All lovely and all very much appreciated. Thank you once again Anne xx
I hear politicians talking about values in an election year. I hear a lot about that. Let me tell you about values. Hard work, personal responsibility — those are values. But looking out for one another — that’s a value. The idea that we’re all in this together — I am my brother’s keeper, I am my sister’s keeper — that’s a value. The idea that we think about the next generation and we’re taking care of our planet — that’s a value.
So not books or stationary will be available before school goes back. In fact they don't actually know when they will get the stock back in as there are many many schools that are affected by this. My labeling and covering of the books has now ground to a halt whilst we wait for the books to arrive sometime after school goes back next week.
The Index shows that capital values are still increasing but at a modest rate compared with the end of 2009/start of 2010. The Index rose by 0.2% in June 2011 compared with May 2011. Overall since NAMA’s Valuation Date of 30th November, 2009 prices have increased by 11.2%. Commercial prices in the UK are now 34.4% off their peak in June 2007. On an annual basis prices are up by 2.0%. The NWL index is now at 858 which means that NAMA needs to see a blended increase of 16.6% in property prices across its portfolio to break even at a gross profit level (taking into account the fact that subordinated bonds will not need be honoured if NAMA makes a loss).
Time before last they overlooked O’Neill, the greatest practitioner at making silk purses from sows’ ears. The manager who had that skill before him was Cloughie….also overlooked. The man who had it before them was….Alf Ramsey: the only World Cup winning manager we’ve ever had.
Congrats again to Paula!
walked on,
School children crowding on the boat I am guessing they school in Split or are they on a field trip. So the morning calm is broken. Bloody kids! He he: give them mogandon!
We’ve never met,
There was a big protest for the next elections in Russia yesterday. Protests started when Protests in Russia when Vladmir Putin’s party won the parlimentary elections on December 4. Thousands of people stood against Vladmir Putin in the Moscow city centre. This protest was the biggest one since Putin rose to power 12 years ago. However, it is considered certain that Putin will win the upcoming election on March 4 2012.
This isn't a new goal. I consider my family to be in one of the top spots on my priority list. But sometimes during breaks, it is easy to fall into a To Do trap. It is easy to make all kinds of plans, spend time with the kids, and love them lots...but not necessarily put their choices of how to spend time at the top of the day.
Next thing, K is calling me from the doorway. It looks urgent. I drop what I am doing and hasten indoors. "There is a lion here!" They were hunting the warthogs that were near the house.
Fourthly, the status of teaching and teachers needs to be improved. Pay should follow needs, beginning with specially de- signed pay packets for teachers that reward them for furthering their education, extramural activity participation, etc. Finally, our consumerist culture needs to change. South Africans see no value in investing in books and reading, one of the major reasons for our public schooling systems failure.
TARTS:
I confess that I swell with pride when I throw some egg noodles and chicken into a pan and stick it in the oven. As you may well already know, I am at least three light years away from being Rachel Ray, so I have to take my kitchen accomplishments when I can.
The next grad activity is tomorrow, 24th April. We will meet at the school at 6:30 and go to Dooley’s then Dino’s Pizza. Cost is $5 due by noon today. Let Mrs. Cole know by noon.
Just before morning prayers
As these articles continue, I hope that all four reasons can be achieved.
If you want to give your life to Jesus begin to come now… And as you are coming begin to call on God, ask him to save your soul, ask God to be merciful unto you, ask him to forgive you all your sin, promise him that you will serve him from now on… the rest of us, let pray for them, and intercede that the Almighty God who save your soul will save their souls also…. in Jesus mighty name we have prayed.
At any rate, we have moved from a situation where, a decade ago, most Afghans were delighted to see the backs of the Taliban, to a situation where they are now back in a powerful position and gaining ever more support from many Afghans, who see them increasingly as potential liberators from foreign oppressors. What a wonderful example of winning the war only to lose the peace.
Anyhow last week Kellie from Tickled Pink Stamps was doing a bit of stock take and decided to offer to us Pinkette's some rubber stamps for us to use as Candy on our blogs...How generous is that! Thank you Kellie I am once again blown away by your generosity.
Step two: I spray primed. Using Rustoleum Painter's touch gray primer, I sprayed these with several light coats until I had a good even coverage. Both stands only required about a can and a half.
“Tehran must understand that it cannot escape or evade the choice before it. Meet your international obligations or face the consequences.”
Off to the OB tomorrow. 30 weeks, only 10 left. I'm stoked.
“Hey, Jim, thanks for taking the call on your day off. Look, I really need that document for my meeting in 10 minutes; can you email it to me? Oh, yeah, and . . . and . . .” Pastors and, admit it, you and I have all done this at some point. Some of us still do it. A lot. In the name of ministry. In the name of “winning another soul to Christ.”
Jump higher and
vicarious
Bah bloody humbug. (I have just had a weekend of dealing with drunk people, people who say they have taken tablets when they haven’t and teenagers who think they can lecture me about the law because their brother is a law student in Manchester) – bring on the next set of nights (not a promotion-hungry so-called senior officer in sight by the way).
-finish the upstairs
Papers: white cardstock, tim holtz tissue paper, vintage music note paper, MME
Hi and welcome, Elizabeth. Once you've got a full glass in your hand (yes, I know it's early but I want you to feel relaxed here) we can make a start. You're one of those rare talented writers who can turn their hand to
I found statistics for 1987-2008 on the old CUC website, but couldn’t get numbers for the recent three years as yet.
There are mistakes we’re happy to make as long as we survive them. Then there are mistakes we regret so much that we sometimes wish they had killed us. When this second sort rise up to accuse you, comfort yourself by contemplating a third category: those numberless mistakes you would never have thought to make even in a hundred lifetimes.
I didn't keep track of my colors, sorry.
As I said I am not a college football fan. OK, why the "Hope". Quite simply, actually, it's not because Texas Christian University, a Christian college won. It's what happened after the win. As usual the moron sideline sports interviewers were hounding the players for sound bites. Hey, put this in perspective, you just won the Rose Bowl. Hey, how does it feel to win the Rose Bowl. What did you think about blah, blah blah.
10. Und Wieder
Susan Clancy Conlon, 41, New York, N.Y.
It is a common question, ‘what are the signs that you are a witch?’
“Well, I know that! But I asked for a camel!”
The unfortunate thing about motherhood is that it doesn't come with a biweekly paycheck. We don't get the reassurance of money in our bank account to validate our worth as employees. More often than not, my little tyrant-bosses reward me with sticky fingers, sleepless nights, messes of epic proportions, sassy backtalk and eye rolls, open-mouthed kisses, tight hugs around the neck and an occasional "I love you, Mommy."
VG: Tell me how you think your work has changed since 'Labyrinth'.
Including losses from catastrophes and prior years, the combined ratio in personal lines was 93.2. The consolidated combined ratio at Liberty Mutual was 100.9, a decrease of 1.5 points from the prior year first quarter.
Tell me how you gon’ be without me?–I wonder this. How are you going to “do” the rest of your life without me–knowing that I’m out here, that my kids know about you and love you from a distance and so do I. Really? Is this how you thought it would be? That you would never be with me again? I know that’s what they told you at the time–from what I read at least. I think you had to sign away your rights to me, and that you were told that everything would be sealed and that you should just go on as if nothing ever happened because that is what would be best for me. Did they think that is what would be best for you? Has it been best for you? It hasn’t been the best for many, which is why they do things so differently now. Answer me. How are you gonna be without me . . . all the way to our death beds? Don’t they say that life is too short?
The inspector general’s report quotes a city attorney, who explained that she offers deals to “give people a break on their insurance.” But the drivers in the sample included those who were ticketed for serious violations, including reckless driving and even a hit-and-run. Surely Traffic Court bears a responsibility to public safety.
“I’m trying not to, and just when I thought I was in the clear to see her personally, another twist.”
So he asked, “Why you are staring upon me? You want to eat me?”
Austin Tx 78759
You can leave it for a little longer without a problem but not TOO long, as the vinegar will start to break down the tender shrimp, like ceviche.
Poured this beer has kind of a hazy red brown look to it, while having a very yeast activating look to the head that is a pretty decent 2 finger height. It goes down quickly, which I like alot, so I don't have to wait to drink said beer. It smells of hops, dark fruits and a little bit of brown sugar to round every thing out. The lacing is pretty intense in its staying power too.
Polyunsaturated Fat 2.0 g
Mephibosheth was of the house of Saul, the man who had tried to kill David, yet David showed him forgiveness, kindness, and treated him like a member of his own family.
This also may be the first 3D MMO where I’m more interested in the “endgame” than the leveling content. I’m probably just dreaming here, but I love the idea of exploring the Allods in my own ship, puttering around like a pirate, doing my own thing. I love that in Puzzle Pirates, and if I can have that freedom here, in a 3D sci-fi steampunk world, I’d probably spend many happy hours playing. (Of course, if I have to grind through months of DIKU to get there, and I can’t solo my own ship, I’ll once again be uninterested. This may be a poster child for a game design that should have let players jump right into the endgame from day one.)
It will do so because coverage of the war has left us all heartsick. We are all too familiar with images of protests inspired by the accidental burning of Qurans, or the shocking news of the actions of one soldier we lost to his demons. Those stories are important. But they are also noisy; and they have drowned out larger context.
After three years of planning, dreaming, scheming, yearning, and plain hard work, we finally have the house of our dreams, in our beloved Adelaide Hills.
I started out the year somewhere in the middle of the Healing Touch training, and am finishing the year strong as a Certified SimplyHealed Practitioner - truly changing people lives by helping them clear out all the stuff they've been dragging along.
Here's what I did- my mind automatically thought of Ikea's Ribba square frame- to recreate the shape of the clock. It comes in at 20 in square, and also has the deep profile. Similar to the width of the Newgate clock- but also VERY IMPORTANTLY deep enough to house the clock gears.You could use whatever frame you want, but keep that in mind.
As most of you probably know, there was a flurry of rumors over the last few days about reprints of D&D and D&D-related products from Wizards of the Coast. Many suspected these rumors were just that -- rumors -- and dismissed them as hoaxes. As it turns out, at least one of them was not a hoax and it's the one that's of most interest to me: a new edition of Dave Megarry's classic boardgame Dungeon!
I think the Lord Ruler uses religion as a device to keep his subjects in tow. I think the Lord Ruler has probably made up or fashioned some kind of religious story about himself in order to make himself seem invincible. So, in that respect the religion is very important to him. I’m not sure that everyone buy’s into it and there have been hints to the contrary which brings us to Sazed. I don’t think he believes for one minute the Lord Ruler’s hype. I think that’s why he’s always telling people about the many other religions that have been lost to the past. I get the feeling that he’s trying to demonstrate that people want to have something to believe in. They need to have faith that there is more than just ‘this’. And, I think he’s alluding to the fact that the Lord Ruler’s religion is similar in that respect – it’s really a story that he’s surrounded himself with. What is interesting about this religion though is that there is no love for it. The ska are mainly ruled by fear and they may believe the Lord Ruler’s religion (or maybe they are too browbeaten to disbelieve it) but it is simply fear that controls them. Actually thinking into that a little more I suppose many religions have the ‘fear’ aspect – ‘do this’ – and ‘this’ will happen/go to hell/internal damnation, etc, etc – but most religions are loved by their followers?? I don’t think you could even accuse the Ska of loving the Lord Ruler. Not really sure what point I’m now getting at!! I suppose on reflection the Lord Ruler knew what he was doing when he made himself a God and he’s proved himself to be rather canny in terms of self-promotion and marketing! In terms of Sazed – I think he has the potential to turn into one of my favourite characters (without a doubt). He is brilliant as a keeper and I love his patience and his overall attitude. Everyone could do with a friend/keeper like him.
To ensure nothing freaky happens the best match is not allowed to be dangerous to humans or stuff, etc.
3/4 cup instant minced onion (I dry my own onions so that's what I use )
and since ...festivals too have passed...and the more sensational and eventful vacations of dj are finally oner and he returned to work...much to my relief.....today.
It is as simple as can be: mix the contents of the bag in a large plastic bag or freezer safe large plastic container. Stir in a bottle of wine and then fill the bottle with water and add that. Stir to combine and freeze for 3 to 6 hours.
To help them, once the water
Mark Napier
- Stir in the dry ingredients in 3 additions, mixing well after each one (scrape any unmixed ingredients from the side of the bowl with a rubber spatula).
So how do we accomplish this feat of creating believable make believe people? One way is through backstory.
Before I met with Arete, I was very nervous. Not so much yesterday, but the weeks leading up to it. There are a lot of reasons why, but mostly it was that I had no frame of reference for what we were going to do and even though I know him, I don't know him. We are still getting to know each other and since I have done nothing like this, I was uneasy.
Position a rack in the center of the oven and heat the oven to 375°F.
Chandler also said much of her customers' parking space would be eliminated. "If people have that much trouble getting in and out, you know eventually they won't come," Chandler said.
Ashley has never really done anything bad...really ever. She has lied here and there, but not like big ass life altering lies, she has never done anything that most kids have. She a damn good kid and I am so proud of her, I just get so scared that this crazy ass house is going to chase her away.
About her Rescue and Adoption
Do you feel you missed out on anything by bottle-feeding vs breastfeeding? Yes, I wish I had tried breastfeeding if only for awhile.
The characters aren’t all likeable but they are incredibly believable. Stephen is someone you sympathise with, cringe at and want to help out. Josh you come to detest but you get caught up in it and as soon as I started this book at an airport I finished it on the flight.
Allow 7-10 business days for your order to be ready for pick up or shipment. To place an order, please email us at www.ontheavenuelogan@gmail.com or call us at 435-755-8471.
Sometimes through no fault of our own we forget what humility is and how much it can mean to another who is need of consoling. So with out me preaching any further just remember, spare a thought for someone else once in while when you can. Karma will be kind to you if do..
And by one great pitchy torch stationary with wild red flame and
Pretty right..? Or maybe not so much. I usually post pictures that I find visually interesting. And while I do find the above interesting, that is not the reason I am posting them. These pictures are the result of the recent oil spill off the coast of LA. From a picture perspective, the colors and patterns are beautiful. That is until you realize what they are pictures of.. then you probably get that horrible feeling in the pit of your stomach like I do.
July 22 – August 31 2011
HOWEVER, he is undeniably one cute customer.
Another BTW, I haven't announced the winner of the Morrocco Method giveaway yet because I haven't heard back from them yet (I emailed them). Sooo, if they don't respond very soon I'll have to choose another winner and maybe it will be one of you! Stay tuned.
- black beans
The old saying, “reduce, reuse, recycle,” very much still applies. With the emphasis in that order. Cut down on bringing new stuff into our lives. Then what we can, reuse it as much as possible, and when tossing stuff, recycle. And in the latter case, recycle responsibly, bring electronics and hazardous materials to recycling stations where they will be handled responsibly.
Depending on your geographic location, several of you will remember the blizzard we shared in February. Its icy fingers brought many parts the Northeast and the Midwest to its knees. In our neck of the woods—Crystal Lake, Illinois—it was accompanied by bone chilling, gale force winds.
This post is a little bit overdue...but Julie and I took Brody to see Beauty in the Beast in 3D at the theatre a few weeks back. I can't wait to see more movies in 3D! I think we'll definitely have to go see Finding Nemo when it comes out! The previews for it looked great. Beauty and the Beast was good, but I think that the newer movies will be better.
The outfit: Shirt, really for the first time can't remember where I bought it. Or my father bought it for me, like seven years ago. Jeanzzhorts, which I call minnyshorts cause they're so cute, H&M kids. Shoes Dinsko. This isn't really today's outfit, it's actually what I'll be wearing tomorrow. But maybe with uggs. Dunno yet.
11. Long johns. Also God.
While on a recent visit with a friend, I had to travel through her time portal of terrifying family photos to get a mere few steps to the powder room. It got me thinking that while I have a bevy of folders and digital slideshows and jump drives full of family photos, I don’t have many photos displayed in my world.
"Small business wants certainty, and they won't hire if they see big unions bosses are trying to run the show." Scott Walker said.
While doing the research for old advertisements, I came across the Vintage Ad Browser. As I was looking through the advertisements, I thought that it could be interesting to assign students in Contemporary American history a decade and then ask them to analyze the advertisements in terms of what they tell us about the culture.
If you haven’t seen it yet (and even if you have), watch this video. It’s hauntingly beautiful (complete with one of my favorite The Cinematic Orchestra songs).
Heaether Venetucci-Johnson
I do mention that I blog and if someone asks, I'll give them the address.
5. Leather
The Infamous Trocadero in Paris....
that most of the felony District Court judges had worked as prosecutors before taking the bench. He said it is dangerous to have prosecutors and judges who are too alike.
Hope is springin up from this old ground.
PANDORA’S Makeup Box is a relatively new Canadian brand. You can order off their website – international shipping is available. Shipping is calculated based on dollar amount purchased, via Expresspost with tracking. Use my promotional code pearlessence20 for an extra 20% off your order. I have not yet ordered off the website myself, but I do plan on doing so – I’d love to try some of their other products!
I slept 2 nights this week! I think I am on the other side of the not-sleeping issue.
2. Sift the flour, baking powder and mixed spice into a large bowl. Stir in the sugar, breaking down any lumps, followed by the nuts.
GC: Now the one thing that everyone is asking about is the rumored Gods and Generals director’s cut. I know you alluded to it in your email but can you tell us anything at all about it?
To make:
Because He will. I just know He will.
Following are excerpts from a Friday sermon delivered by Sunni scholar Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Qatar TV on June 5, 2009.
~ Fun toys for long road trips
If you lived in the neighborhood, you probably knew these guys -- especially if you have kids. These big guys would lift the kids up to sit inside the firetruck, explain how all the cool stuff worked, and let them wear their fire hats.
Last weekend was a total washout weather wise. Half of York was underwater, roads were flooded and the garden was a soggy mess. It was a good weekend to be a duck. It was also good weekend to stay indoors and read if you ask me. There is nothing better than a Sunday afternoon when it’s raining cats and dogs, to curl up on the sofa with a good book and a hot chocolate (Ok a glass of red but hot chocolate sounded better in that particular scenario!)
Article 107
Let God know where you stand.
Of course this film was not without a couple of short-comings, to see Deepak Dobrial dwelling in histrionics, Mahie Gill going over the top when she weeps is really awkward, background score literally attacks your eardrums and is almost every time out of the place (if you notice the background score instead of feeling it, then you know it is incorrectly overdone). Moreover, when you see a psychological film, the angst should seep deep inside somewhere and evil does take over, the way it is shot and cut hopping from one condition to another does distract some times.
I've been asked several times recently by parents how to encourage children to read, and I thought I'd expand on this in something longer than a 140 character tweet or quick chat after lectures at University! I hope you find this helpful.
Who would have thought that this way of eating is going to lose you weight? The secret is not so secret – you graze through your day, this way your metabolism never really stops, and those of you who are quite addicted to bread will be surprised to learn that by having that one mini-ciabatta a day really does take away the yapps (crave) for something ‘wheaty’.
Next week François Hollande will be officially sworn in as the next president of France and beside him during the ceremony will be his companion, Valerie Trierweiler. All of Paris is abuzz about the journalist who shares his life, dissecting her possible new role, her wardrobe, her personality.
Whats love? When a person says they love you thank you will expect guine treatment and affectionate. I’m curious of why people love each other they begin to hate and hurt each other. I have a friend who means the world to me who is currently fighting for her marriage but at some point I think she will be throwing in the towel being that her husband cheated on her. My girlfriend was a wreck however she tried to cope with her problems (By the way her name is Amber and her spouse name is Patick) Anyhow, this once loving couple decided to seek counseling. The couple found a wonderful minister at their church. The minister was wonderful he help the couple with their issues, the minister had personal relationships with both parties. The minister also gave amazing advice for Amber and Patrick. Patrick discovered why he cheated and decided that he wanted to make a change to keep his wife. He came home to be with his family, he was much more pleasant and sensible.
Did we?
-- All music is folk music. I ain't never heard a horse sing a song.
Three strikes and your out, barry.
Ode to Christmas Fantasy Land
They're not "I love you."
Why I hate the coop: It started falling apart shortly after assembly. The nesting boxes are precariously drooping and the walls are coming undone. Because it is constructed of such poor quality materials, it is resisting our preservation efforts.
Broadmeadows. Vic 3047
“Some still running, some have gotten out of the race, but each contributed to the process,” he added, including Ron Paul and Newt Gingrich. “Thank you to this extraordinary team. We have all fought hard and well.”
The U.S. has been largely away in its foreign and trade policy with Latin America. In the meantime, Iran and China have been increasing their influence over an involvement in Latin America through the leftist and left-leaning governments.
He is so patronizing, why doesn’t he adopt Mr. Rotten for chrissakes. I mean he insults his jacket, really? I love Mr. Rotten’s reasoning, the way he argues when he is forced to, “Clothes are fantastic!” YES! Telling it like it is. YES! ”I have introduced new concepts like honesty” He did. Don’t talk to me about Malcolm Mclaren, if you do I will just think you are dumb like the talk-show host. “You don’t know do you” Love it. Johnny is the real deal, he has the stuff.
And we’re back with the results of Indieful ROK’s “I Am a Singer” Indie Daydream Reader’s Choice Poll!
Then I asked him how much he didn’t have. It was close to half of the bill. About two-thirds of the bill is business expenses. He is self-employed. Obviously, at this point, his business is not supporting itself.
Morgen: I’m mid-way through fourth edits to my chick-lit and I’ve often said it’s my least favourite aspect of writing but I’ve not touched it for a year and am really enjoying getting to know my characters again. Do you have a method for creating your characters, their names and what do you think makes them believable?
The Department for Business said the number of women appointed to the boardrooms of Britain’s biggest firms had achieved its ‘largest-ever annual increase’ over the past year. In 1999, just 6.9 per cent of directors in the FTSE index of Britain’s 100 biggest firms were women. Last year, it reached 12.5 per cent. It has since jumped sharply to 15.6 per cent, with more than one in four jobs now going to women.
We were basically behind a tree when the young couple approached on the lower track. Obviously they didnt see me because they stopped at a bench seat at the lower track and started to kiss and fondle each other.
3And cried with a loud voice, as when a lion roareth: and when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices.
And I could've gone with piss... but I didn't, so there's that.
The Dragon Tattoo,” it went something like this:
It was four decades after the original airing before I found out what it really was: I had seen the ill-fated NBC broadcast of 33 & 1/3 Revolutions per Monkee, a legendary fiasco of television history. I'd remembered the plot pretty accurately, as it turns out, and watching it as an adult my confusion was easily explained: it really was as strange and hallucinatory as I'd remembered it. The difference was, now I utterly loved it. That something so chaotic and undisciplined and shambolic, something so unfiltered and utterly of its moment, could have found its way onto national television is remarkable. And as I've said elsewhere, some of the music on this show is just spectacular.
Joann, I certainly have a new perspective on your selling techniques. Bravo!
The ‘non-security category’ is everything else.
But today I feel like I need to reach out to a friend. A friend who I've never met in person, but who has shared her life in the blogosphere and in private groups with me and on the wonderful world we all know as facebook. Sometimes our lives seem to parallel each other and I have a special place in my heart for her.
But there was a gleam of hope for the convoy — the gleam of the golden badge of the Royal Navy aboard one ship — a tiny ship. But crammed with British fighting courage…
Enjoy and have fun!
- The 37 year old female math major I live with (thankfully, she doesn’t own cats. At least, none that I know of.) is really pleased with how clean our flat has remained all through the first term. Mom, see! I can take care of myself! You’d be proud.
She decided to start living the life she’d imagined.
This 80,000 word novel started out as a short story. The tale was originally entitled “The Art Critics”, but I changed the name to “A Night In Old New Orleans”. You can read the 6,000 word story here on Smashwords. After I completed the short story, I signed up from the November novel writing event at NanoWriMo. I spent the whole month working on a completely different novel than the one I posted up at Smashwords. Then I showed a synopsis to a friend who was an agent for screenwriters. He liked the concept behind the story, but I have not put much effort into the second manuscript. Then I showed the short story called “The Art Critics” to the screenplay agent and he liked that also.
(7) 1 2.5mx1.5m courderoy black sheet
You will be stared at 24/7 365. I understand what it’s like to be a good-looking girl at a frat party. Stay strong ladies.
You got a big bump on your head a couple of weeks ago while we were visiting Becky and Baby Leah. You leaned forward into their coffee table and BAM! Immediate, big, dark bruise and bump. You cried so hard; I felt awful. Of course, you refused to let me put ice on it, the one thing that would have helped you feel better (Besides some comfort nursing, which....yeah. I love being able to provide you relief and comfort any time!). Then last night we were at a wedding with you, and you fell forward and banged your chin on one of the folding table legs. Today, you have a big dark bruise on your chin. You are a walking (crawling) disaster. I have a feeling I may need to print out copies of this blog as proof of your recklessness and daring, because I think after your third broken arm the hospital is going to call CPS on us.
For the aircraft business, “it’s even further down that continuum,” Donnelly says. “If you are in the country and you’re finishing final assembly on Sovereigns, you’re not going to see a country suddenly pop out with a Sovereign look-alike.”
Well, that is not totally true. Our road to independence started with the British North America Act of 1867, but it resided in Britain and not in Canada. It was only in 1982 it was officially repatriated to Canada combined with our charter of rights. Obviously as a Canadian national Identity, we were not in a hurry to sever those apron strings to good old Britannia. Queen Elizabeth is still our recognized head of state.
For years, I've heard about how difficult and tolling it can be on you.
- Audrey Hepburn, Roman Holiday
He changed his life for the better … most definitely worked his ass off to be at West Virginia … and flourished to become a 1st round draft pick with the right people who recognized his game.
I'll end the post here for obvious reasons--there are several Christmas Eve/Day photos, and I think they deserve their own posts! So, maybe by next week I'll be all caught up for 2011 posts. HA!
Disgusted, Natalie grabbed Crunch and tossed it into her sister’s lap. Once again, the little chumbucket gets away with murder; once again, I’m the bad guy.
As a thank you to the troop, Rural/Metro-Pridemark EMT Kyle Mickelson gave a 30 minute first aid presentation and ambulance tour to the girls. They learned about emergencies, 9-1-1, and first aid safety, which will help the girls earn their First Aid badge.
Christmas morning I was startled awake by James who was informing me that he was awake and that Santa did in fact came to our house and that he would be really quiet and won't wake anyone up while he opens his presents.
Galactic Alignment,
I added two other semi-famous people to my hug list. We went to a documentary called Worst in Show at the Hollywood theater. It was about the World's Ugliest Dog Contest. It was SO FUNNY. Some of those dogs are really sore on the eyes. Like this one. WARNING! That picture is not for the faint-of-heart. It's a seriously scary picture of a dog that won three years in row. His name was Sam and he died undefeated. I think he is best described as a poor, ancient, blind Chinese Crested that has been dug out of a grave and half-eaten by flies.
In other news, I’ve been feeling unable to focus for the last two to three weeks. Last time I went to the psychiatrist, she increased my dose of Prozac from 40 mg to 60 mg. I also take Wellbutrin SR (100 mg twice a day) and Seroquel (100 mg at dinnertime). Out of these, I’ve been taking the Wellbutrin the longest, a little over two years. I know I’m on a low dose, but it’s been working for me.
Martijn van den Heuvel, assistant professor of psychiatry at Utrecht medical centre in Holland, who also studies how differences in the wiring of human brains affects IQ, said: ‘Increasing the power of the brain would take a disproportionate increase in energy consumption.
Now onto our new challenge. As you know today is the 29th February, which only happens once every four years, so we decided that it was pretty special that our challenge fell on this day! So, our challenge is themed around the word "leap"!!
This is just the tip of the iceberg, with more and more killings occurring each week. As of this moment, the total number of known South African farm murder victims stands at 3,047, however, the figure may be much higher, given how hard the South African authorities and politically correct media work to suppress news of these attacks. Furthermore. This figure only includes those who have died, and not those who survived despite suffering terrible mutilation and trauma. The figure also only covers the specific category of white farmers, who have fallen victim to a an unquestionable genocide, and does not include the vast numbers of urban white South Africans who are raped and murdered each month by non-whites.
The goal of this contest is to provide monetary assistance to talented CA North/Central members who would not be able to attend the summer conference without it. We received 21 entries this year (five more than last year!) , and the choice proved difficult. In the end our blind judging process turned up three very deserving
Do you have some cash tucked away and accessible if the banks are closed?
A blonde decided she needed something new and different for a winter hobby. She went to the bookstore and bought every book she could find on ice fishing.
Politicians of the two main parties know full well that they have no mandate for just letting our country be invaded and destroyed by high levels of legal/illegal immigration. In the first instance they have tried to make a case for the high levels of legal/illegal immigration, arguing that we benefit from it. They have failed, and they know they have failed. No one has ever explained to us, to me, how Britain benefits from allowing our inner cities to be overrun by hundreds of thousands of the Third World’s unemployed and unemployable. Take a look at France’s inner cities. What possible benefits does any white indigenous majority derive from its being racially and culturally dispossessed? When I walk the streets of a major British city observing and hearing the presence of thousands of aliens I do not feel “enriched”. Low-skilled, uneducated immigrants are a massive burden on our country. Sheer numbers are the problem. They bring cruel and bizarre cultural and religious customs with them and diseases - tuberculosis being one – which had long been eradicated, or so we believed, until we allowed the non-white legal/illegal immigrant invasion. Nor, for the avoidance of doubt, do I wish to be invaded by high-skilled, white immigrants either: Britain is full.
Absolutely SEE!!!!
$45.00 including shipping
here's just some of what i did last week!
We had just settled on our chairs in the kitchen and were catching up on all the latest news when we heard something in the basement. I told Lydia to hide in the pantry while I got the pail of water that was standing by the wash basin. I waited by the basement door and as soon as Henry and his cronies opened it I let them have it.
but I might yet save the babe.
The rejection by some of her family members hurt, but Faith has moved on. Or so she thinks. She works hard and never lets her guard down, until the day she discovers that someone stole and sold her designs to her competitor and former mentor. To catch the thief and salvage her collection for Fall Fashion Week, Faith turns to her ex-lover, a man who works under the radar and gets results fast. The problem is she has not seen him since she dumped him so unceremoniously.
"The Marine resident was able to kick Skinner and free the shotgun from Skinner's grip. Skinner came at the Marine resident who was on the floor and the Marine resident two times.
Kenji was showing off a couple of new things I'm excited to tell you about. First up is their new line of Duracoat galvanized beads. Those of you who know my work know I'm a galvanized bead junkie, so anything more durable than the kind of coating that just rubs off in your hands is welcome news to me!
What if, instead of having cards you carry around and occasionally lose, you could go to the desk for the proxy work, scan your Temple Recommend (these had become bar coded a few years ago) and have printed out right then one of the names of family you had reserved? If you don’t have any family names ready for work, you could instead be given the name of an ancestor of someone in your ward who has not had the time to get their large amount of work done. Failing the ward level, this could even be expanded to the stake before having to go to the general Church lists.
I don't have an actual dedicated studio space that I use. I have a desk and shelving/drawers for storage in the garage, next to the washing machine and kids bikes (not very inspiring!) and this area here which is in the family lounge. This space serves a practical place to keep things I use often as well as a 'inspiration station' filled with received art, bits of my art and cards from my kids. There's a few nests here too of course!
Theoretically, about 3,000 IU of natural vitamin D3 for every 100 pounds of body weight assuming you do not have a systemic disease which may require more. Your age, body morphology, distance from the equator, weather, and daily sun exposure will all affect your requirements. Don’t forget that clothing and many types of lotions and make ups have SPF properties which will block the UV B rays and not the UV a rays thus preventing vitamin D formation naturally within your body. Monitoring for optimal blood levels should be performed seasonally. The human body can convert up to 20,000 units of Vitamin D3 per day with ideal sun exposure. The NIH has set the safe upper limit at 2000 IU, but acknowledges newer data supporting a UL as high as 10,000 IU/day.
Be dogmatic. Regardless of what advice you give, stick to it. Flexibility of ideas is a weakness for any writer, and others in the industry will tear you apart for showing even the slightest willingness to compromise. This point ties back into the previous three, but really deserves special mention; it’s that important to giving advice about writing.
Enjoy the blog.
I don't know how to end this post.
At that time, Emperor Zuanzong respected cultivators of both Buddhist and Taoist practices. Shi wanted to go to the capital city to get the emperor’s attention, but couldn’t afford to pay for the trip, so he often expressed unhappiness about this. Huida knew about Shi’s problem and offered to finance the trip saying, “The emperor wants to pay tribute to talented people. If you go to the capital, you will be treated as an eminent monk and become a government official. When that happens, I’ll come to see you and I hope that you’ll remember me as your old friend.” Shi replied, “Your generous help is what allows me to go to the capital. If I become a government official, I shall definitely repay the favor.”
Then, why should we find another form of government when democracy promises us the “rule of the people” and “people power”.
How did you guess?
Stop the blender and pour out the buttermilk into a container for other use.
But printed books – or at least those printed well – offer a greater spirituality to them beyond the information being conveyed. Books show the outside world what maketh the man or woman. Books can be admired from without as well as within. Books have cultural value. Whether it’s the original copy of the Luttrell Psalter or Lady Chatterley’s Lover in paperback.
Kruger warned: “I have news for this little gang: ‘don’t for one minute believe that you will stop me or the Boer-volk from continuing on our road to freedom. We have taken this road ever since 1836 and we will not deviate from it. Not for one moment.”
We are told, only in Paul’s writings, that the Church of this age is going to be caught up to meet the Lord in the air and spend eternity in heaven. Can I prove that? Read 2 Corinthians 5:1:
You are going to find that your mind becomes to get excited. It is doing exactly what it was created to do and no one is bitching about it any longer!!
I considered stopping in Paia, located along the northern coast, but wanted to see Iao Valley State Park. Driving through Paia, We stopped at the beach to watch the wind surfers.
If we are really serious about following God, then we need to be really serious about spending the time to listen to God so we will recognize God’s voice when it comes in the quiet of our hearts.
Serve with any of the following or none of the following: blueberry sauce, maple syrup or golden syrup, whipped cream, powdered sugar, fresh berries.
Reading this post via e-mail or RSS feed?
I don't know what else to say. I could go on about David Copperfield as I did in my other blog, but I won't bore you guys too.
Write on…
Here’s a close up of them together….
♥She is mysterious. And I think the juxtaposition of her with her swans is very interesting. In the moonlight, they are "black" swans....sorta like her. I think you might define the swans right where the body is touching the water with a very tiny tiny hint of a white (irregular) line. In other words, separate them from their shadow. It is like a little reflected light at their edge.
Rookie driver Charles Pic ran during the morning session and was pleased with his drive time.
Expectations- What does the audience expect to gain or learn? The audience should have all of the information they need to make an informed decision.
You indicated that the city of Chicago demolished your house? Why? Was it condemned, in which case you may have been at fault? Or was it taken by the city for a public purpose, called “eminent domain”? If so, did the city pay for the taking, and did those funds go to the lender?
Rating 4/5
first cup of dawn
When I was a JW, I developed a healthy hatred of Christianity—or I should say ‘Christendom’ because that is how JW’s differentiate themselves from the rest of the rabble. I hated the arrogance and the narrow-mindedness, the judgment and the willingness to kill, or rejoice in misfortune; all in the name of god (I do not capitalize that word intentionally). It sickens me to realize that I was a part of a faith that still practiced the kind of religion that brought about the Dark Ages.
But you know the really weird thing about San Francisco and Mythbusters and American consumerism? There’s not a solitary, single Mythbusters themed activity or tour available in the entire city. And that’s, sadly, no myth.
“We think that’s so important because every student, regardless of what they do after high school, they’ll be learning online,” said Tom Vander Ark, a prominent online education advocate, on a recently distributed video urging the adoption of online course requirements. Vander Ark, a former executive director of education at the influential Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, now lobbies all over the country for the online course requirement. Like Moe, he keeps one foot in the philanthropic world and another in business. He sits on the board of advisors of Democrats for Education Reform and is partner to an education-tech venture capital company, Learn Capital. Learn Capital counts AdvancePath Academics, which offers online coursework for students at risk of dropping out, as part of its investment portfolio. When Vander Ark touts online course requirements, it is difficult to discern whether he is selling a product that could benefit his investments or genuinely believes in the virtue of the idea.
Having a backup of your favorite pens is a good thing and one that can payoff in the end. Enjoy the weekend. Also...the Pen Addict just put up his Ink Links here if you haven't seen it yet.
Tuesday, September 25th–I went to group therapy and met with my Case Worker.
McCall's 5480 Size EE 14-20
The other day I had lunch with my two favorite kids in the whole world. It was a great day - and there was pie. Chocolate meringue pie is a staple at all my favorite fried chicken buffets around here. We call it chocolate cream pie - but the topping isn't cream, its meringue. Having chocolate pie for lunch with my pals kinda gave me a taste for it. So I made some. Behold... The Best Chocolate Pie EVER...
Well that's about it,
52 there
How would you describe the sound of auhm?
¼ tsp. black pepper
For the side:
Though she didn't say that it was 100% natural, I wasn't expecting it to have all of these chemicals in it and very little of the effective Argan oil ingredient, which seems to be a very effective conditioner
any amount of time reduces allowances and transfers costs, this very routine doesn’t work because there is no stretch of the imagination long enough to encompass all its features, and we miss the point coming close to a theme of sense, that all truths are representative of further investigation, purely because attention repays, at least that is how we comprehend it and this is not always how we average it out, that is to say how we precisely distance ourselves from any real understanding as a method of factual diversification
To make your own sheep you need:
Since I can remember I’ve done this when training for events. I’ll run most or part of the route I’m going to do, and if that’s not possible (for the Wick Triathlon or the Lochaber Marathon) I ran the same type of route – ie a loop of 3 x 1 miles for the Wick Sprint Triathlon, or out and back runs for the Lochaber Marathon.
And this is why I like to play scenarios.
You are yes:
The phrase “My people” in the daily verse in its initial application applied to these people and their specific land. Thus I feel there is interpretive error when we view our specific country (wherever we live) as God’s land in the same sense as that spoken of in the initial promise. True believers foundationally hold heavenly citizenship (far superior to our national citizenship).
I wish that I had planned better.
12:55: We load up the van and head on home.
Hairstyling legend Vidal Sassoon, who freed women from (bad hairstyles)..
Couscous is banned from our house and has been banned from the house since last spring. As in the Spring 2010.
Brabant is a barrel-aged wild ale from Avery Brewing, and was extremely limited in production (only 624 cases produced). It was brewed using the infamous Brettanomyces yeast, which gives wild ales their sour flavors. After fermentation was complete, Brabant was aged for 8 months in used Zinfandel barrels.
On a hot oiled skillet plunk down your pancake batter.
Q. What can you say the present administration has achieved since its inception?
If I wanted to add a knot to the wood you can do it in the same way. Make the knot from your middle and darkest color, then when you are streaking in your light color bend around the knot, just like real wood grain bends around a knot. You can make the wood as simple or as complicated as you feel. I once has a picture with wood floors and a wooden table that I worked on the wood grain for a couple hours. I really didn't need to spend that long, but I wanted it to look "perfect".
I’ll let you know what my students think.
-$0.40/2 Ragu Pasta Sauce, (RP 07/31/11)
1 – 4 p.m. Real Ale Brewing Company, Sampling in the Beer Department
He continued kissing along her back, left exposed by the bare back dress she was trying on in the dressing room of the department store. ”This dress looks gorgeous on you, babe,” he said. She blushed. She could feel his hands moving towards the zipper on the back of the dress and her heart beat double-time. She looked at him in the mirror catching his eyes. He arched one eyebrow asking for permission. She hesitated, swallowed and gave a nod. His smile melted her. He caught the zip and lowered it down slowly, the sound raising goosebumps all over her body.
The King Said:
Raven would have warned her mind-to-mind if it had been a real threat. Whatever was
My favourite type is probably the older, more individual establishment rather than one owned by a large chain, but I’m not overly fussed if I’m forced to frequent a wine and ponce bar instead. It’s like voting for your favourite Jolie boob or which is better, sausages with brown sauce or sausages with red onion marmalade.
Till gone the feeling flesh, long since decayed
The Godfather Part III (Barry Malkin, Lisa Fruchtman, Walter Murch)
Or has a cat that might eat them and get very sick.
Something that never happens at home.
Wonderful Girl by Jack Mack & The Heart Attack
Bonjour à tous! 2e jour de présentation des nouveautés chez All That Scraps, avec de nouveaux tampons CC Designs, adorables comme toujours! Et aussi des dies, des sentiments... plein de choses!
I used some chalkboard vinyl I found at Michael's for the Holy Family for this scene.
· Knowledgeable in Eclipse
Next up on my money saving challenge were the crisps. I know they aren't exactly healthy anyway, but they are a nice snack with sandwiches at lunch time. The basics crisps aren't much different from Walkers. I bought a 12 pack of ready salted for 48p, bargain. IYou only get 18g of crisps rather than 25g, but I think that is plenty. The only difference I can really tell is that they are a little less salty, but isn't that a good thing? Overall, these crisps are much healthier than Sainsburys normal ready salted and branded ready salted. I was very disappointment when I did my shop this week and they didn't have any left!
It will look so Jeanne d'Arc when it's nestled in the midst of some cedar boughs
My point is that in honor of Valentine’s Day, and our anniversary, Kasie decided to give me more work.
Woman is much like a "savage."
The project I have to share today is a card I made for a good friend of mine who got married. This is the card I made for her bridal shower. She and her husband got married in the Caribbean, which is why I chose a beach themed shower card.
A few hours stop over, lots of chat and a few beers later we helped them back on the plane and wished them all the best as they faced the grim Business Class champagne laden flight home.
2:49AM
The weather, the people, the material of things might wither away, but that is life... I love these lines from the poem by one the elitist sons of bitches from Spain's Golden period or as my radical professor might call him a puñetero with not much to say, here goes Francisco Quevedo's Advertencia al Tiempo:
At every one of my shows, I speak about equality. I have a song I
3 months: Just a simple layout to keep track of Hudson's accomplishments at this age. I just loved this piece of calendar pattern paper and thought it was the perfect setting for page about age :)
THIS MAKES THE BAD GUY’S ELECTRICITY STOP WORKING
- Computer literacy compulsory (including Excel, PowerPoint and word)
Is a dentist that doesn't look in your mouth even a good idea?
We've been weighing our choices for next year. Mighty tempting is a house in town complete with a photographer's darkroom. I don't need a "darkroom," but damn, that room was outfitted perfectly for everything else. And since the current owner unblocked the window and painted everything happy--gosh darn it, I want that room. But then I think of what pleasures there are in this part of Oklahoma. None of them have been "in town." The llamas and donkeys and pig--my cat hunting in the east pasture--my walks to the west pasture--all of these are more alive and fulfilling than anything in that darn town. Plus the turtles always scammering to the lake--that's mighty cool.
Let's open up some graves and let's find out what dead people I would be and why... In just the order that they occurred to me - honest to god:
“According to Snyder, the exercises — which she said would last about three weeks in all — will serve to train and improve skills related to terror-war fighting. About 20 Russian soldiers will be participating, with most of the training to take place on the Fort Carson, Colorado, Army base and a mountain training area several hours away.”
The DaVinci Code by Dan Brown – 57
This time, last year, I wrote that I hoped to reach 200 followers (I did) and the magic (to me in any case) 10,000 visits. By yesterday, visits totalled 31,495 so my annual visit total more than doubled over the twelve months. That was despite my discovering a new audience on Facebook groups and pages in August and neglecting this blog for a while. I already have a large number of items piled up alongside my scanner ready to publish here. See you soon!
One of the uniquely picturesque areas we wandered through is known as The Burren, a term derived from the Gaelic word boirreann, meaning “rocky place.” Aptly named, The Burren region is known for its limestone terrain. Some of the mountains are seemingly solid limestone, and outcroppings of limestone meander through the valleys. Yet, between the flows of stone, strong pasture grasses flourish in the soil. The wash of stone has been the source material for fences which traverse thousands of miles and have survived centuries of use.
I just got it set up so that you can subscribe to my blog .
I gotta say that I have been reading a lot of non-fiction books lately. Mostly centered around Sociological themes. ‘Here Comes Everybody’ by Clay Shirky I definitely recommend. It gives you the opportunity to understand the way people organize around technologies, and how society as a whole reforms in unprecedented directions. Fascinating. If you don’t want to read the book, try youtubing some of his talks. Cool stuff. I have read other books lately, but non really worth mentioning.
The Amazing Spider-Man hits theaters on July 3rd, 2012.
Boo, Smallville still sucks :(
On Lim’s itinerary was an afternoon with Parks Victoria and the Royal Botanic Gardens of Melbourne, where he was given an overview of parks and garden management.
Upon inspection by an expert, she discovered that the cement used by a previous owner for the flooring was of poor quality.
When I got an email from Johnny F's asking if I'd like to come down for a free meal and a chat about the place, I asked myself; "Burger and a free drink...?? Why the Hell not!"
"David’s concert opens our series of events created as part of Shaarei Torah’s revitalization and renewal initiative designed to welcome the greater Jewish community in the eastern valleys of Los Angeles," comments President Larry Horowitz.
So maybe listening to Glen Keane talk didn't magically transform me into a better artist last Thursday, but it transformed me into a better artist one week later. Not bad!
Have a great week everyone!
For this first example we're going to look at an apple with the sun shining straight from above. Your highlights are the first spot sun hits, or the very top of the apple. Your midtones are the middle colors, in this case the middle red of the apple. Your shadows are going to be the darkest areas.
No university degree or college qualification can ever guarantee that a person who wishes to pursue the art of farming will ever succeed, --- because the art of farming is an inborn ability, that was given to man the moment he became a living soul. Not all men were blessed with this divine talent, hence the reason why so many have tried and repeatedly failed.
4 Put it aside. Read it pretending you’ve never read it before. Show it to friends whose opinion you respect and who like the kind of thing that this is.
13 Then they hasted, and took every man his garment, and put it under him on the top of the stairs, and blew with trumpets, saying, Jehu is king.
Thanks for reading and we hope to see you at the new blog!!! Let us know you stopped by!
Things overheard on my commute this morning
Happy Birthday, Pa.
I clung to the phone like it was my only lifeline, and I guess it was, kinda, at that moment. I waited for my mom to answer, but there was just this heavy silence. “Mom?” I heard something, a soft, whispered, sing-song noise, and I suddenly realized that she was crying, too. “Mom? Are you okay?” The tables suddenly turned, and in the middle of it all, I forget myself for just a moment and was worried about her. Strange.
He had gone from crazy to regulated- with no violence, no destruction, no yelling... and without me thinking I needed to book a one way ticket to Thailand.
Well I have just had the best time yet again at the Imagination Factory retreat!!! It was a bonus this year as i though due to hubby working..(new job :)) I couldnt go....but onlya few weeks before my step mum and my mum offered to babysit...wahoo!!!! thanks Robyn and Mum!!! xxx So off i went and I created 10 layouts!!! Which for me at a retreat is a lot and I must say Im happy with them all......
What else? There was a whole family (all wearing hats) sitting in one row in the audience, they had kids of about 7 or 8 with them. At one point an actor unleashed the C word and the grandad got up and led the 7 year old out. Too late, the C bomb had already detonated. What were they thinking, and what was the theatre thinking, it just wasn't a play for children at all?
For the guys I attach an article with a few great tips.
Chief Gedsudski - New York Giants
There is a narrow window of opportunity – between the snow melt and biting black fly season – to get everything possible done in the gardens.
I found this fantastic recipe for a Spanish type chicken bake thingy over on Beth's blog at Babymac. I am making it for dinner tonight. It smells fantastic. Our local supermarket did not have chicken thighs with bone and skin on so I have made do with drumsticks. And for some reason The Cooking Gods seemed to want me to throw in a red onion. So I did.
I’m left wondering about the role of differing opinions with this government. I’m also wondering about the level of paranoia. Does disagreeing with someone in power equal threat? Is it just a difference of definition of a word?
Today, I’d like to take you for a trip with my Mom and Dad which I didn’t even go on. Actually, it’s a couple of trips, but who’s counting? Dad received a small disability pension from the government. It wasn’t much, but it made the difference between being stuck in a small town, and affording to take the occasional road trip.
SwingHolder: The amazingly versatile floor stand for the iPad
This chart (click for a larger image), from Economic Freedom of the World, presents a more rigorous look at this period. It shows how Australia’s economic freedom ranking had dropped to as low at 19 (out of 72 nations measured) and now is up to 8 (out of 114 nations measured). This is akin to moving from the 74th percentile to the 94th percentile.
Oh well...
To whom would I recommend this: Any tween looking for a book about choices and decisions, my green scene kids
176And wait till 'tis no sin to mix with thine.
Finally, it is recommended by this Commission that there be established at least once a decade, a temporary privacy commission composed for the most part of private citizens. Each such commission should survey enduring as well as emerging privacy problems in this State; suggest appropriate legislation; call public attention to coarsening “cultural” developments threatening those human sensibilities upon which an abiding respect for privacy rests; define privacy-related matters in need of extended study; and otherwise assess, correct and continue the work of its predecessor privacy commissions.
So then Ben comes out and Chris totally let him off the hook with just a few questions. I never understand this part. In my “worst” breakup, after a long relationship, I probably wanted to talk about what went wrong for a week or so and that was after years of servitude. After that, it’s standard protocol to cut and run. Sever ties and bail. You blame everything on the other person and then live well, start a blog and become popular until one day you are so stuffed with caviar and bourbon you don’t really remember anything and assume ALL past relationships ended really well. Duh, right? Like, right out of the owner’s manual.
fitness exercises and a proper diet.
By T.M. Moore
Also, from now until February 3, participating Dunkin' Donuts stores nationwide will offer an Egg White Flatbread Sandwich for only $1.99 when you buy a medium cup of coffee (get the coconut!) The Egg White Flatbreads are available in two varieties, Turkey Sausage and Veggie. Both have fewer than 300 calories, with nine grams of fat or less, and are served on wholesome toasted multigrain flatbread. Mmmm!
The Apostle John painstakingly reviewed the truth of apostolic teachings with his faithful, who had been visited and preached to by false teachers who appear to have left as quickly as they arrived. John called these people antichrists for working against our Saviour in their words and deeds.
Not long after leaving there I edged back out of pharma (yes, the money is good, but the moral cost was just too high for me) and found that other industries were now being hit. Still I worked with health care, mostly hospitals, and quickly learned that junior people, those with little experience, now had big titles, and threw those around with matching attitudes. I then began to see in other industries how that continued.
CD 2: Tuffty's Intro / From A Pebble Thrown / Pebbles Instrumental / Might-Have-Beens / Upper Sixth Loan Shark / Banker Bets, Banker Wins / Swing It Far / Adrift And Dumbfounded / Old School Song / Wotton Bassett Town / Power And Spirit / Give Till It Hurts / Cosy Corner / Shunt And Shuffle / A Change Of Horses / Confessional / Kismet In Suburbia / What-ifs, Maybes and Might-Have-Beens / Tuffty's Outro Band Intro
A fragile victory, but a victory nevertheless!!! Youhou! I am officially as single as a bird without its nest (wow, I am really getting ‘profound’…Hihi!).
There are a few pubs dotted about that have made a conscious attempt to replace benches with sofas, introduce a wine list and serve ciabattas, but the chief characteristic of their clientele compared with their competitors tends to be not that it’s more classy, but it’s a bit younger.
I'm sitting in my sunny Jerusalem apartment on the first day of Pesach. The neighborhood kids are playing soccer in the playground across the street. It's a quiet Shabbat in Katamon.
But weighted with all the meaningless cares of the world
You know who you are!
Brooklyn (in her jewels, of course) cooking her pretend food
James Brown
You can steer yourself
Strive to be an effective and efficient team member who believes in working collaboratively within your group in order to achieve common goals. Teamwork is a method that helps combine each individual’s skills and knowledge to maximize the productivity by being a part of a high performing team. This is where team synergy is achieved, where the output of the entire team working together far outweighs the expected output if each team member was to be performing individually. Such team synergy has propelled many businesses beyond the edges of mediocrity to realms of success.
Writing lists. Although anyone who knows me well knows that it’s not such a hidden talent! I’m a wonderful list writer/planner/budgeter/organiser.
Measure the total length that you need to reduce - it is usually about 1 - 1.5cm (1/2"). If you need to reduce much more than this, I would definitely check that some of the fit issues mentioned above are not present.
Although I was late for a grand entrance at the run, I felt like royalty on that bike, only cooler.
It took me forever it seemed to drive here today. A 30 minute drive to work daily seems excessive to me, so four hours alone in a car was borderline torturous. Luckily I had some GGTMC (http:/www.ggtmc.com) and some Showshow (http://showshow.podomatic.com/) to pull me through.
When I saw my first Fujipet, I instantly fell in love with its design. To me, it is the epitome of 1950s Japanese futuristic style. It is art. It has Astroboy hair. It just looks COOL. When I finally found one (then two), I knew it was something special. Again, it just looks so COOL, and you look cool using it. When you carry it, people give you that "what the..." look. And, yes, it is fun and easy to use! What can it do? Check out the site, and I will do my best to let you in on everything I know about this little wonder. Which isn't a heck of a lot so far, but I hope to increase my knowledge base and share it with you.
You know how in "American Idol" auditions, there are a gazillion people lined up for hours and hours waiting for their shot at fame, and then (they at least make it appear like) the people auditioning go in, do their thing, then know immediately whether or not they're going to Hollywood? And there's all this excitement and craziness? Well, picture the opposite of that, and that's what the "Don't Forget the Lyrics" auditions were like today.
zugzwang or zwischenzug
In 2012, stations’ combined over-the-air and online revenues are forecasted to rise to $20.3 billion, based on political spending, improved consumer spending and growth in online ads. The number dips down to $19.1 billion in 2013.
“MRU” is a pretty technical term for such a simple concept. Some people call it Action/Reaction. Same thing. Boiled down, the writers’ purpose is to give the reader a Powerful Emotional Experience. The best way to do this is to make sure everything happens in order. Rapunzel can’t let her hair out the window before the prince calls for her. The airplane can’t fall out of the sky before the pilot shoots it down. That would be taking away the readers ability to Experience your writing! To fix these you need to break them apart into paragraphs. A Motivation paragraph where Rapunzel lets her hair out the window, and a Reaction paragraph where the prince climbs up.
There is injustice committed all across this world – Dyncorp, UN and Halliburton running white slavery rings – especially in our own backyard; our own president knowningly killed two American citizens, Anwar Al-Awalaki and his son Abdulrahman without due process. There was no protest, no marches, just silence and acceptance from most of masses. Very little outrage when Obama had the audacity to say that drone attacks resulted in very little casualties, which is farthest from the truth.
“…if the plaintiff (person bringing the suit) can show that the dog that was the cause of his or her injury was a pit bull or cross bred pit bull, or that the owner should have known that the dog was a pit bull or cross bred pit bull, the dog’s owner, or person who has the right to control the dog, will be held liable to the plaintiff for the plaintiff’s injuries.” – Boston Law Group, LLC
However for Christmas this year we realized just how hard it is for Santa to organize his sleigh when we are not at home. Not to mention getting all of those toys back home in suitcases. So after much discussion with Santa, and other family members; Santa brought our family (including my parents, sister, brother-in-law and 2 baby nephews) a cruise. This was a great solution to our problem. The kids have been dying to go on a cruise. We have yet to vacation together as a family since my sister was married 5 years ago and a cruise is a great way to do that because we could help each other out with the kids, and spend time together or not.
According to Genesis 7:10 the gracious God gave them 7 more days to think about it. “And it came to pass after seven days, that the waters of the flood were upon the earth. I can imagine Noah standing at the door giving one final appeal; “Repent of your evil ways and come into the ark or you will perish.”
Country Gourmet Home products are made
Episode 9 Recap:
There are probably a hundred different ways to make a Pot Pie. It's basically a casserole surrounded by dough. My version is fairly quick to make and uses one of my favorite root vegetables- parsnips. I've mentioned it before, but my husband and I both dislike the flavor & texture of cooked carrots. Nothing wrong with a raw carrot, in fact I love them raw, but add heat and, well, yuck. It was just another reason I knew our relationship would work when I discovered Pancho shared my love for the raw, but disdain for the cooked, carrot. In almost all recipes where carrots are called for (to be cooked) I'll substitute in the carrots better cousin- a parsnip. I hear that parsnips are richer in vitamins & minerals than carrots, are especially high in potassium and are a good source of dietary fiber. Seems like a good trade off to me.
I’m off my head!
There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book. Books are well written, or badly written. That is all.
to this bliss,
The staff at Andrea’s Garden Center (at 65 and Binford for you Indy folks) were super helpful. (Hey Mari! Waving wildly!) I replanted three of my sad, pathetic bushes today and have the two new ones in a spot where I think they will do well. I’ll be sure to give you an update on those soon! Cross your fingers! And toes.
It is a struggle in the twenty-first century, but even though we downsized our home, we increased our property, have clean air and clean water and a minimum of electronic noise surrounding us. It’s not for everyone, but it can be done if you take the time to study your choices and get in touch with what you want out of life…”
Happy Birthday, Lima !!!
Exploring for uranium deposits today involves complex procedures because most of the remaining economic deposits reside in deep geological formations, and sophisticated technology is required to detect their existence. Technological deployments in uranium mining include geochemical analysis, geophysical surveys, satellite imagery and specialized computer programs.
Like – telling the kids to “tidy up their rooms”. That is waaaay too general and non-specific. So I have to break it down into little bite sized chunks and walk them through it step-by-step.
-Punk follows but this backfires on Jericho in the ring.
There aren’t many
Stavanger, Norway
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to not question the scientists and authority of this world because I believed that they are the ones who have answers and only they can know how to make decision on this world should function
What is really lacking out there is a job generator. Not one where you find openings, but one where you find out jobs actually exist.
The people and place names issue must be a common complaint with translated Scandinavian books, let me know your thoughts.
Immensely. I would recommend to any would-be writer: get your first book finished, no matter what. I messed around with Haywired far too much. I've got two books on the go now and they are much easier to write as I'm avoiding all the mistakes I made with Haywired.
Priests may indeed rely more heavily upon the support of the faithful for their existence, as is proper to their position. So I think the defence of priests against the charge of "parasitism" may fall more heavily on the second factor. However, it should be recalled that in the Middle Ages, the only time that humanity came close to 1/4 of the population being religious or cleric, the great majority (probably as much as 9/10ths) of vocations were as lay brothers or sisters. As such, I would argue that if we got closer to the sorts of numbers I mentioned in "Why Marriage is Overrated", the greatest increase in numbers would be monastic.
So, here I am on friday evening after a tough, busy, tiring week, and all I wanted to do was drive to the lot and water my tomatoes and pick some veg for tea. So, I kicked off my work shoes into the shed, slipped my wellies on and wandered around my plot seeing what was ready for picking. Plenty of courgettes, gorgeous french beans, spinach, some raspberries eaten as I picked them, a bunch of sweet peas to bob in a jam jar on my kitchen windowsill...
The company announced on its website on Dec. 14 that it was contemplating expanding its product range “with an ambition to offer a wider range of oilfield services in Brazil.”
The gospel advances through the lives we live, not the laws we pass. That is a biblical and historical reality.
“E? You mean Sweet Cheeks? She was at her sweetest.”
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has identified at least three businesses that may be responsible for cleaning up toxic waste at the former Black Leaf chemical site in Louisville’s Park Hill neighborhood, two of whom have agreed to work with the EPA to help make the property safe.
I have PPD. Postpartum Depression. And PPA. Postpartum Anxiety.
It's rare for me to pick up promotions that are offered to me. I generally just scan past or delete the flood that comes into my inbox. Part of that is because I'm not going to share something here that I don't truly stand behind. Part of it is because I didn't get into blogging for promo business. But I've been contacted on a couple of things in regards to health and fitness that I am excited to see where they lead! Do you have fitness questions or workouts you might be curious about?
There's no egg yolks in this ice cream, but contains some cornflour as a thickener. And there's no additional sugar, as the sweetness comes from the corn syrup and the syrup from the canned lychees. I got more than a quart of churned ice cream, and got to divide the cooled mixture (before churning) to churn it twice, as my ice cream maker can only churn a quart of ice cream at a time. The first churn took almost 45 minutes and it is still not getting any thicker, so I just went ahead to freeze it. I then freeze the churning bowl overnight and churned the second batch the next day. The ice cream turns out delicious, with delightful lychee flavour. Ellen Brown describes this as "light and luscious ice cream". A definite keeper and will be repeated again and again!
In time of war or other national emergency, the Congress may by law authorize the President, for a limited period and subject to such restrictions as it may prescribe, to promulgate rules and regulations to carry our a declared national policy. (Section 26, Article VI, Constitution.)
Luckily, my God have been giving me a strong feeling..
I don’t like smoke. That is strike 1, Bilbao.
In a colleague’s daytimer, write in 10am: “See how I look in tights.”
Mandy Brent, the president of SPELD, a not-for-profit organisation providing support for dyslexia and other learning difficulties, attributes Mr Dimattina's success in building his own business to his tenacity and strong support and encouragement from his family. "That was a wonderful outcome," she says.
Burger Buns, to serve
I’ve attached the full document from this event. It is worthwhile reading. In particular the statistics are highly relevant and we should really consider how this impacts policy on a go forward basis
You won't want to miss our Make-It-Take-Its, they are going to be extra special and a lot of fun. Some will feature stamps from Clear Dollar Stamps, so when you are done, just step over one booth to see Lori and purchase a set for yourself!
Nash returned to recording in Jamaica at Harry J.'s studio where he met Bob Marley. That meeting would prove fateful for both men. Marley, then struggling to launch The Wailers, was working as a songwriter to earn a living and he wrote Nash's next hit, "Stir It Up", which peaked at number 13 on the UK chart. With that success a songwriting partnership and friendship was hatched. Nash and Marley moved to London with Nash's manager where they continued to write and record together. Indeed, Marley played on Nash's chart topper 'I Can See Clearly Now' which also included members of the Average White Band!
It can’t end
Every day Jennifer brings you the best deals from such retailers as Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, RiteAid and many, many more. Check out her blog and don't forget to subscribe to it.
Not everything that comes from a certain place may be identified by the name of that place. Sometimes it may not even be possible to make reference to a geographical name to inform consumers of the characteristics, kind or type of a certain good, if use of that geographical name is restricted because it is protected as intellectual property.
Below the edge, leaving the night
By the turkey who lives on the hill.
I know, this product works best with only dogs, but, Mom, come on… I’m a manly man and we need our REMOTE/TV combo. Love ya Mom!
Next morning I went to Palm Sunday mass with friends, who then took me to brunch at -- I was going to keep that to myself, actually, because it was nice enough that I wanted to keep it a secret, but that's no way for a blogger to be! We went to 211 Clover Lane, tucked back in a quiet little corner, and had a great meal; I had a great plate of shrimp and grits with tomato gravy (with a lemon cranberry scone before; delicious). There was a good selection of whiskeys, but I just wasn't quite ready for that yet.
No longer would I miss the treasured moments with my children.
On the plus side.....
But really, there is sex in the bible. Except with Mary and Joseph. Sucks for him. But for people like Adam and Eve, who were just basically naked in a garden paradise all day, probably didn't even have anything better to do. And they probably hadn't even invented marriage yet. I don't remember what the Bible says about pre-marital sex (something about it being a sin) but I know what it considers 'marriage' is pretty loose.
At 14 o’clock we go to visit the sheep fold of sheep, sheep and lambs to see where we’ll prepare a shepherds Balmos fresh sheep’s milk, as only you can eat at the sheepfold.
ETFs trade on market, investors can carry out same types of trades they do with stock.
On the night of June 23, 1978, Elim Mission in the Rhodesian Eastern Highlands was subjected to the worst massacre of missionaries yet experienced. Terry Blocksidge reported in the Sunday Mail (Salisbury).
Calama, Chile
I am deeply disappointed with the result, however I am not disappointed with my indefatigable team.
“According to Harvey Kronberg, longtime editor and publisher of the Texas political newsletter Quorum Report, a modern sovereign nation requires more — not less — government than a state would. Consider all the new departments it would need to monitor things like foreign affairs, aviation and nuclear regulation. And then there are all the expenses Washington used to take care of — things like maintaining interstate highways, inspecting meat and checking passports.”
2. The mystery of the Gospel is not you in Christ, it is Christ in you.
Dun-dun-dun-duh! Introducing the new place! I have moved from the “outskirts” of the border of Putuo/Jingan Districts right into Huangpu district and the heart of the former French Concession.
It was getting late, and cold. Charles offered to drop her home, although neither of them wanted the evening to end. They had waited nearly two weeks to see each other again, and weren’t in a hurry to leave each other’s company.
From Amy Butler's website Welcome, welcome!
/opt/VRTSddlpr/lib/libvxscsi.so
The Brethren of the White Robe and Uncompromised White Hats and White Dragons and Knights of the Silver Sword and the Daughters of the Phoenix are working to stop this. Or if not stop, make it less taxing.
I went to the Mardi Gras Parade 2012 and it was great as usual...altho raining heavily throughout and one point i was thinking what i was doing there with the downpour but enjoyed it overall and looking forward to next yr!! Attended Picasso Exhibition with a friend at the Art Gallery of NSW and altho i didn't get it much (but then, i usually attend and love art exhibitions for the crowd, atmosphere, and the feeling of being 'trendy' and 'artsy' more than the admiration of the art itself..haha...apparently the Picasso exhibition attracted the biggest attendances for any exhibition ever held by the Art Gallery.
Mommy (as I now refer to myself in the third person...) gets to come home from being orthopedic nurse at hospital all day to orthopedic nurse at home for a stubborn puppy. Moreover, his splint must stay dry and it's pretty much done nothing but rain for the last two months.
Available first come, first served. In good condition. Limited supply. Sizes vary.Funds from the event will go to stretch the budget for the Argyle yard renovation or purchase more Smartboards for classrooms.
And while it definitely takes a little longer for my morning cup of sunshine now, it has been working ok. Until this week. Joel started a new rotation this month, and he has been going in super early in the morning, before the hospital's cafe opens up. Which means he can't get his morning cup of coffee. He can't babysit the stove and take a shower at the same time, and so that has left only one option. And it's probably not the one you think. Because instead of going out to the store and buying a new coffee maker like anyone in their right mind would, I've been getting up at 4:30 to make my darling a cup of coffee. At least I have been going back to bed afterward, but by 2:00 I am draaaaaaaaging. I don't know how Joel does it.
We were told my cervix was now measuring 5.4, which is up from 4.5. Great news. He said the UA didn't show any infection, which I made a point to ask because I had been needing to go to the bathroom quite a bit lately and thought that might be the cause of my bleeding. He said even if there was to not worry about that because he didn't want me to use anything that I would need to administer near my cervix. He said the u/s looked great and unless the bleeding or cramping got worse, to just see him again in a couple weeks. I kind of got the feeling he thought I was the overly worrisome patient, but I don't care. It eased my fears for the time being and I was very relieved.
U.S. companies hired the fewest people in seven months in April, a worrisome sign for a labor market that has struggled to gain traction and adding to concerns that the economy has lost some momentum. The ADP National Employment Report on Wednesday showed the private sector added 119,000 jobs last month, below economists' expectations for a gain of 177,000 jobs. The March figure was also revised lower.
Bars for Gay Men are BETTER – sorry, my lez-sistahs, but they ARE. They’re just better and gay men are so into cruising and spending their dual-income-no-kids money that the bars for gay men are trendy, expensive, outrageous, and FUN. Ever been to a lesbian bar? Every once in a while you get a cool one, but mostly, they are like the snooze-fest, library-experience of the nightlife scene. Picture a quiet reading, book club event, compared to the boot-stomping, good fun of go-go boys and men grooming one another like dogs in heat. It creates a different energy, me thinks. Now, I’ve been to some killer lesbian parties, don’t get me wrong, but they usually happen about once a month on an alternate friday and you have to know the promoter – the promoter who singlehandedly knows EVERY lesbian in the Los Angeles area, more or less.
Each page is written individually around a primary search term, and due to the fact that this is both a strong page and domain, it’s likely to rank both for these core search terms and a long-tail of traffic (and with 12,000+ keywords on a page – that’s a very long tail!)
territories and other resources.
He also told me (again) why he believed writing in a journal could be so very helpful in organizing one's feelings. The benefits of coming back to read anytime the need arises.
Prothero tells us Hypatia "may or may not have invented the astrolabe and the hydrometer". His caution is wise, since these claims have no basis at all. The idea that she "invented" the hydrometer is based on a letter to her from Synesius asking her to get one made for him. Why this letter has led to the idea that she invented the instrument is a puzzle, since in it Synesius has to explain to her what a hydrometer is and how it works. That would be odd if she was the instrument's inventor. Clearly he is asking her to get one made for him because there were instrument makers capable of the job in Alexandria and not on Crete. Prothero goes on:
Because of one strong woman, my family of five is complete. My bank account might be drained but my heart is overflowing. And although my legs are tired at night, my arms are filled with the warmest of snuggles.
From the arms of the demon ,Addison screamed out to Christian but he couldn’t get to her. A few more demons had showed up and blocked his way, Christian having no other choice but to fight them before he could go after her.
Heavenly Father I thank You for blessing my successful Restaurant/Fast food business in Jesus Christ Name, Amen!
She was an oddball, a freethinker, and stubbornly independent, too. On the surface, she was unlike anyone he could ever imagine finding attractive, but…her dad was great, her brother was a hoot, and she was just about as smart and caring as anyone he’d ever met. Who else would camp out all night to protect a turtle nest? Who else would stop a fight to help a little kid? Who else read Tolstoy in her spare time? And who else, at least in this town, would fall for Will before knowing anything about his family?
Now, I told myself that I wouldn't talk about submissions on my blog when I was out. I didn't want editors to know how long I'd been out or if I was struggling. But after 15 months? Heck, I think I've earned a little bit of a right to talk about it. And what does it matter that anyone knows how long I've been out? Does it make me less of a writer? Do I suck because my book hasn't sold?
You ever find it funny how certain things make you smile even in the midst of hard times. Two of those things for me are (no laughing) the smell of dryer vents when someone is doing laundry, and Dave Matthews songs. I stumbled on both today.
Has its own reality indeed,
up or I miscalculated my starting point.
So I've got this theory about computer games. First of all, I think computer game manufacturers are pretty brilliant. They give you such instant payoff! You get points, levels, stars, increased stats.... Virtual pats on the backs. They constantly make you feel like you're doing such a fabulous job. And who doesn't want that?!
Maybe it's the hat, and the jolie-laide thing, but I'm getting a real Isabella Blow vibe that I hadn't noticed before. She was apparently quite attractive but she must not have photographed well, IMO. And I saw a lot of pictures of her--while I was working here, I curated a small exhibit on her, which gave me a chance to go through pretty much her entire archive and read everything that was ever written about her. (Neat!)
R. Sungenis: Finocchiaro, himself, admits that Kepler’s epicycles were an issue. Note this paragraph on page 251 of his book, Retrying Galileo:
Baked asparagus wrapped in parma ham
A New Year!
This quick bread is a great base, the possibilities of combinations of add ins are endless! I totally want to do a green chile, cheddar cheese and maybe bacon.
In the last week the Sun, long past its forecast trough of an 11-year minimum sunspot cycle, started to stir again. As we know, when sunspots start happening once more, the electromagnetic field reenergizes and we feel the effects on Earth. This latest surge comes from a huge coronal hole in the sun’s earth-facing disk.
Learn more about the kickstarter campaign and check out an extended preview. Director Andrew Cohn will also present a quick short short, "Little Helper" shot next door to Launchpad at J's Wong restaurant on Franklin Ave.
Her statement said: ““It is with deep sadness that I have to inform you that I have resigned my party whip with immediate effect and will be an independent councillor.
Today’s though is so on the mark I think I should get it tattooed:
till someone took the lid off -
I’ve realized this week that I would be a poor security risk, because I might say anything just to make the pain stop, especially when my leg is down — that is, when I’m on crutches making my way from couch to bed or bathroom. I’ve also realized just how much of a potty-mouth I have at these times, and I’m glad my son is in school all day (even though I’m sure he hears far worse there).
4. Attach to frame of rose picture.
Maxine Nightingale – Love Hit Me
¡Hala Madrid!
License:
Please disregard the wrinkles in this shirt. I took this pic at the end of the day and well, you know how linen is. Oy. It's a super cute shirt and has little ties on each side that cinch in the middle - perfect if you're curvy.
You see girls like to be (not all the time), but like to be manhandled, they want to know the guy also has some power..
Was I able to talk my way into the Valentino show? Not a chance!
Is it pathetic to be angry?
Iran’s cultural managers have also showed their diplomatic finesse and skill by saying that they will hold the next edition of Persian Gulf cultural festival in the Iranian island of Abu Musa. Vali Esmaili, a member of Iranian Parliament’s Domestic Policy Committee has also said that Iran is preparing the plans for establishing a new province called "Persian Gulf" with the "Abu Musa" island as its capital.
I've wondered, when I gaze into the looking glass... if I wear a masque for myself too often. I wonder how much truth comes from behind these masques... if they are half truths, partially disguised for the viewer, partially revealed, because honestly, we really want people to know who we truly are, to some extent... or at least, we show them who we want them to believe we are.
She was of course wrong.
It was a beautiful autumnal afternoon amongst the vines.
It is such an awesome accomplishment, so come and celebrate! And if you haven't done so already, be sure to join the Ninja Army.
In my mind, all I could think about was childbirth.
thing that is lacking is your child's name for safety
