Thankfully... Greenfingers has got great tits! Phwoar!
And while I am taken by Self's assessment that both forms, the novel and the symphony, seek to 'simultaneously enact the most complete possible world-in-words or world in notes, while also actualising the creative personality itself', in many other ways we're just not comparing like with like, as other commenters point out. Seems to me that the verbal nature of novels creates a cognitive relationship between the work and the reader fundamentally different from the relationship between music and the listener (although Self labours the point that music shares the novel's 'struggle for a narrative voice'). We can let music wash over us, we can receive it emotionally without feeling the simultaneous need to understand it intellectually. Furthermore, the novel is hitched to commercialism in a way that contemporary music (I think) isn't. As Marion Miller points out in the Guardian comments, it is publishers, rather than authors, who determine which kinds of novels reach the light of day, and inevitably they respond to this readerly need for clarity.
The Welsh actor joins the guest star roster that already includes Liam Cunningham, Lindsay Duncan and Janet Montgomery. I’m sure they’re only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to guest stars as the show is known for casting the cream of the crop. It’s anticipated that Series 5 will still air in the Fall but we won’t know for sure until later this year.
4 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil
1 brownie mix (for 8x8 inch pan)
Feed the formed clasp through the drilled holes.
I want to tell you about another sign that got me to where I am today. I’ve been wanting to tell this story for a while, but wasn’t sure how to approach it. But here it goes.
The Wilton Chocolate Melter. It is awesome! (No - they aren't paying me - wish they were :)) It melts my chocolate without burning it and it stays warm. Staying warm is a huge plus for me because I am really, really slow and usually my chocolate gets cold. So I enjoyed making these cake balls much more than I thought I would. One of my favorite blogs, Mrs. Fox's Sweets, just made very similar cake balls. Of course hers look fantastic!! You should check out her post. Her cake balls look gorgeous and next time I am going to do better. I think mine were a little lopsided and I love the candy liner idea.
If your child’s friend has less severe allergies, however, the scenario is likely to be different. Many times parents are loathe to be seen as high-maintenance, and try not to “be a bother” by giving you too much information about their child’s food sensitivities. If ingesting a small amount of an allergenic food will “only” give their child a stomachache, a rash, or a headache, they may not tell you all the gory details. Many parents also hate to see their children excluded from “normal” activities with everyone else, and may rationalize to themselves that one exception won’t be too bad.
thorough, and thoughtfully executed. The review group to be headed by
Such an outcome would surprise few Egyptians or political observers. Egypt’s deeply religious population grated under the ousted regime’s secular policies, and Tunisia and Morocco have recently awarded pluralities to moderate Islamist parties.
No instrument
GET MILK, CALL VET, PAY MORTGAGE.
to lead the May dance from doom.
Compare this to a respectful unschooling parent: no school, no marks, no curfews, no orders, and a belief that teens are entitled to their own beliefs.
And they loved it, and him - at least the seniors did. The village and seniors thrived, though his penny pinching ways doomed the village's children to small, barely sustained libraries, schools and play areas. But that didn't matter to Chet, because kids can't vote and don't pay taxes. Read this article someone wrote gushing about Chet. Then read on.
Jun Yu Mi will also be starring in SBS’ upcoming drama Rooftop Prince with Park Yoo Chun and Han Ji Min. The two dramas are scheduled to air in the same time slot, so the two will soon turn from filming buddies to rivals.
Last week I spied a little link on the 20sb homepage about it being Vlog Day on May 1. Which, by all of our calendars, is right now. I broke one rule and went over the “suggested” 3-6 minute time bracket HOWEVER it is not as long as some of my other rambling posts and I did a lot of editing with it.
I love walking down the street and seeing people look at my belly. I love sitting somewhere and rubbing my belly or at least feeling it on my arms. Each time I get dressed in the morning and changed at night, I look at my belly while I'm changing and then when I have the new shirt on.
The second annual CIPS will be held April 23-28, 2012 and three local slam series will be sending poets to compete. The Roots Lounge will hold a qualifier slam in late January or early February (date to be announced), with the winner representing Up From The Roots in the competition. The Burlington Slam Project will be sending Kay’la Fraser, the top point-getter at their finals slam last season.
As a society, I don’t see how allowing boys to fight and punch as kids is a helpful concept as they enter into adulthood. We call that assault as an adult and it is a crime. I just gave a presentation where this was a focus of the discussion. For boys in particular, fighting seems on the surface to be the solution to stopping a bully from bothering you. Give them one good punch and they will leave you alone.
“Our Father in heaven, hallowed be your name.
So today my roommates Natalie, Katie N., and Susanna graduated from Wheaton College!!
And you have got to love a man who is so devoted to his family. How many rock stars get up on stage and talk about spending time at home changing diapers, or change the lyrics of a song to reflect how much he misses his wife when he’s on the road? At the last concert we were at, he bragged about how beautifully his teenage daughter is growing up before launching into a song he wrote for her. Maybe that’s not going to score him big points with some audiences, but it definitely makes me feel good about him.
Now what did the apostle say that stopped the scourging? He asked a question, a rhetorical question. “Is it lawful for you to scourge a man that is a Roman, and uncondemned?” He actually was stating that it was not lawful for them to whip him in that he was a Roman citizen and without a fair trial.
Patterned Paper: DCWV ' 'The All Dressed Up' matstack and KaiserCraft 'Black & White Timeless'
And I deceive myself if I believe I will.
But wickedness isn’t just directed toward children.
The Intro to WVIHOP internship is an 8 week program, only 10 hours a week for those wanting to learn and experience what happens at the WVIHOP Missions Base through the dates of June 4-August 3. Interns will learn the heartbeat of the Missions Base…Prayer, Justice, Worship, Intimacy with God, Urgency, and Compassion. It costs $120 and is due by May 28. Contact Robin Puerner at robin@wvihop.com
This inability to locate a known guidepost was nearly the last straw that broke the proverbial camel that was my sanity. Yes, the preceding statement can be qualified as hyperbole, but let me provide you with the following description of my situation and you can judge.
We had a late night and I didn't sleep all that well. I woke up at 6am with contractions that were uncomfortable but not really painful. I had watery bloody discharge in a fairly large amount and was concerned my water was broken. I was timing contractions at this time and when I had woken up they were about 5-6min apart. I gave up laying in bed about 7am and got up, sitting on an exercise ball, moving my hips during contractions. The contractions persisted and about 8am I decided to call Lisa and let her know that I had somehow managed to make an appointment for my labor! LOL
##UPDATE## Early reports from Townsville suggest that residents there have escaped the worst impact of the cyclone, official wind gusts measured at 220 kmph. Typical storm damage is being reported - roofs torn off, trees up-rooted, etc, although it is still too dangerous in the calm of the storm - in the 135 kmph winds, for emergency workers to assess damage or respond to requests for help. The weather bureau said that the tidal surge has not been as bad yet as anticipated, due to a receding tide at the time of the tidal surge which is countering the rise in water levels. 75% of Townsville residents have lost power. 10.5k residents are in Level 5 reinforced evac centres.
- Brandon
In large skillet, saute peppers and onions in remaining 2 TBS oil until crisp-tender.
Before I continue though, I want to wish you all a happy Mother's Day once again! It's a rainy and gross Mother's Day where I live, but nonetheless I spent the morning baking my favorite apple-oat-rasin muffins and watching a movie with my momma :)The reason I didn't put this up earlier was because it includes my mom's present--but now that she's opened it, I can put it up! Also, I want to apologize for the quality of the pictures being so poor--my camera decided it was time to go to camera heaven :( So, until I get a new one (which will hopefully be tomorrow), I have to use my iPad or phone to take pictures! I hope it's not too annoying!
With what arrogance and convoluted logic did ANC president Jacob Zuma tell his Women’s League: “I don’t think we should worry about angry people. They are likely to take your time, your effort, misdirect it”.
Set in the Swiss alps, 'E'enfant D'en Haut' - which carries the English title 'Sister' - is about a young boy called Simon (Kacey Mottet Klein) who escapes his grim life in a tower block by spending his days in the affluent mountain ski resort above, where he steals expensive ski equipment to sell on to local kids. Director Ursula Meier's film has a strong undercurrent of grim socio-economic reality behind it, however it's also lyrical and occasionally whimsical - as Simon strikes the pose of a flush, big-time hustler to great comic effect.
So they enter heaven, and sure enough,
::: (?) Tape labeled only "UMass" so almost certainly Amherst or Boston. After many hours with tape & audience, I reckon it's Boston.
I decided to look up the meaning of the irises I photographed the other day and found several different ones. These are white iris blooms with pale purple edges and they grow at the southwest corner of the house.
This machine is operated with standard AA batteries. The Tandy's built with a BASIC program, text editor, and a terminal program, provided by Microsoft and written by Bill Gates. Also applied also tiltable LCD screen with 8 x 40 characters and an internal modem.
If I had the opportunity, I want to collaborate with The Rolling Stones. Among their songs, I like “Shine A Light” so it’d be the best if I could sing together with them!
With the help of solar energy, the home is almost self-heating and self-cooling during the appropriate seasons. The solar energy helps work an AC unit which helps cool a little more, but more importantly reduces the humidity in the home.
Weyermann Schlotfegerla, 5.2%, mildly roasty, sweetish smoke, but well to the back, well balanced. That's what I wrote. I assume I enjoyed it.
not quite invisible
For years I cried out to the Lord: bring me treasures from around the world and fill my home and heart to overflowing....
The real problem I have with change relates to my personal life. In my personal life, I suffer from a little known condition called ThingsAreNeverGonnaChangeItis. This condition causes me to assume that my relationships, friends and family are going to stay the same. Little changes here or there, sure. Big, life altering changes? Nope.
I want you to know that I did cry the day of your funeral visitation, but those tears were not for you. They were for my dad and my brothers. They hurt because they didn’t know what you had done. They didn’t know the real you. They did not know anything.
And you’re the same kind of bad as me
Mike’s first test drive saw the ED mobile make it to the pits before the car failed to accelerate up to speed. The car would idle fine, however, it would not accelerate it was “dysfunctional”.
It's on my list to-dos!
I noticed that the desktop/wallpaper was black like the computer had an error or was in safe mode or had a warning that Windows was not activated yet or that the current Windows was detected as not being legitimate (a boot leg), and so I tried to tell my dad that something seemed to be wrong with the computer and that I would need to check it when he was finished.
That not a moth with vain desire
Taib was the second leader of this political dynasty, taking over the role of Chief Minister from his uncle in 1981. In the subsequent power struggle, he escalated the formula of control established by his uncle, becoming the political patron of prominent Chinese timber barons (known as towkays or ‘masters’) and guaranteeing them vast logging concessions in exchange for their unwavering political and financial backing. To ensure quietism from his peers in the State Assembly, he also rewarded loyal politicians with shares in the beneficiary companies, typically valued between $2-4 million.
The operation began in 1959, when 15-year-old Earhart purchased three registered Angus heifers for a 4-H project.
sometimes a cigar is just a cigar
“If you look at the longer-term picture, unemployment rose quite strongly during the summer of last year, then the increases tailed off a bit towards the end of the year,” Nick Palmer from the ONS told BBC News.
The only catch to Pocket, which really isn’t one, but some may forget to do this so it’s worth mentioning, is that once you have saved all the articles for later reading to Pocket, you must open the App to ‘download’ all new articles saved. This pulls in the newest articles saved. If you forget to do this, you will be stuck without your newly saved articles.
Form of Government Parliamentary democracy
Recipe Tip:
Jessica Sarah Rinland
They can see what the lowest interest rates are.
You know what comes next, right?
Starling had heaved a dramatic sigh. She took my hand and we continued our walk back home. “You’re great. I wish I didn’t bleed or break stuff. I didn’t like breaking my wrist at practice last year. If I were you, it wouldn’t have happened.”
“When I contacted them the next week, they were blown away by how quickly the response took off,” said Sellman, also author of the children’s book The Legend of the Wolves of Gunflint Lake (www.dreamcatcherpress.us), which contains the theme of the value of community service and which she hopes will serve to inspire others. “As a result of the combined outreach, Solid Gold Northland and Chuck and Don’s Pet Food Outlet have committed a donation of $2,000 worth of pet food, and I’ve helped to forge new friends from other countries who all care about the same things I care about. And it all started with a simple posting on Facebook because I wanted to help a local animal shelter. It’s been magical.”
With only seconds left on the clock, Ryan Callahan took a shot from the Ranger end towards an empty Ottawa net but missed. He might have missed, but it was appropriate that he should take the last shot of the game. He scored the Rangers' first goal, and laid some pretty big hits over the course of the game. The Captain's Rangers won Game One, of their quarter-final series against the Ottawa Senators by a 4-2 final score.
The beautiful thing about oats in a jar (OIAJ) is that you can completely customize them. You can make them in a bowl, or an almost empty peanut butter jar, or (in my case) a mason jar. And you can add/subtract/substitute ingredients depending on your preferences. Lactose intolerant? Use soy or almond milk. Gluten free? Vegan? No problem.And if you’re super lazy/busy you can make a few jars at a time, and then just grab and go in the morning.
The ego singles someone out and makes them special. It uses that person to cover up the constant underlying feeling of discontent, of “not enough,” of anger and hate, which are closely related. These are facets of an underlying deep seated feeling in human beings that is inseparable from the egoic state.When the ego singles something out and says “I love” this or that, it’s an unconscious attempt to cover up or remove the deep-seated feelings that always accompany the ego: the discontent, the unhappiness, the sense of insufficiency that is so familiar.
there might be hope for today after all.
- also includes accessories such as utensils, food and gloves
I don't in actuality apperceive if I accept a admired genre. I'm in actuality not big on ballista games, but added than that, I would say I adore any genre. It usually just depends on the bold itself.
I always felt bad that he was deprived of it. I’m sure watching you
The coalition has been the subject of intense discussions for the last seven days in which everyone has been talking to everyone else, with no groups excluded, in an effort to come up with a workable arrangement for running the County. Although no group succeeded in winning an overall majority at the election, most councillors recognise that much of the
36. Jose Cuervo -- Shelly West
But I know this is never easy. I know as a newbie to the networking world, it’s scary to walk in to a room full of strangers and strike up a conversation. This is something that most people dread, but it’s an excellent way to connect with people and allow your business to grow.
I tried. My first instinct was to hate her. Up until Sunday, I thought Don Draper’s French-Canadian, lounge-singing, twentysomething wife with an overbite was a con artist. I thought she was playing Don like a deck of cards. Then, on Sunday night’s episode I remembered, Don is also a con artist. So, this is probably the best relationship he will have on this show.
- Coverage of products based on various stages of development ranging from discovery till registration stages.
I've been really bad at staying on top of this blog, so I'm trying to catch up with this larger post. Below are compilations of sketches from the past few months and SketchCrawls:
I'm not very exact during this step. I like the effect of "messy" pleats. You can add as many or as few pleats as you like. When you're finished, you can add a little spritz of glimmer mist; I have a clear sparkle one that just adds a bit of shine, and I like to use that.
Row 5- ch1, sc in 6sc, fpdc around fpdc, sk open sc, (sc in 10sc, fpdc, sk open sc) 5times, sc in last 7sc, join, (63sc, 6fpdc)
I was kneeling. A man was kneeling on my legs with his hands on my shoulders, and in turn somebody was on him. Once we obtained our original position we could not move. The assistant wireless man, Harold Bride, was lying across in front of me, with his legs in the water and his feet jammed against the cork fender, which was about two feet under water.
I see that my friend the Green Arrow has already commented on Home Secretary Alan Johnson's speech at the Royal Society, in which he appeared acknowledged that the Labour government, together with successive previous governments have handled the issue of immigration badly. The Green Arrow is of course quite correct to be sceptical of ex-trade union leader Johnson's apparent Damascene conversion, this is after all the man who, as the Green Arrow points out, said only four months ago that he was more than happy living in a multicultural society, and, famously that he did “not lie awake at night worrying about a population of 70million”.
I said yesterday I would share another card from the note card gift set I made. I posted this in my "Splitcoast Stampers" gallery previously. So, if you care to know all the card recipe details, you can click here.
You don’t have to have a blog to play along with the sketch challenge. If you upload your project to any on-line galleries or forums, please use the keyword of WMSC96. As always you are welcome and encouraged to upload your project to your album in the Waltzingmouse Stamps Gallery!
A little about Christine's blog, The Power of Slow:
Very awkwardly and unsteadily, but prance she did.
I was hanging out at a bar last weekend in downtown Vancouver you probably don’t go to. The place was filled to capacity with loud music, spilt drinks coated the counters, and broken glass littered the dance floor catching light the way the disco ball above just couldn’t manage to do. A great place to spend a night.
“How about cooking it on the barbie?” I suggested.
Lynyrd Skynyrd: I Ain't The One
Those are little video game dudes from the days of Atari (I think). I'm not so much of a nerd that I can actually pin-point what they are...anyone know?
Playing is essential for creative critters like bloggers.
Learn some survival 101. While I’m as fond of the Israeli issue gas masks as the next gal, you’d be better off taking a Mossad offered basics course and a boy/girl scout refresher. Always be prepared is your new motto.
Like many of you, I got crafty for my sons' teachers and for special moms in my life this past week. I copied myself and remade my Teacher Tubes from last year for Teacher Appreciation gifts:
I can't wait to start stitching something fun with all that fabric up their! But I still have that painting to work on (I ended up finishing the Gregor book and then watching NCIS LA and Parenthood instead of painting last night) and my March embroidery pattern to begin. Plus I still have a few Christmas PJ's to finish up (hopefully before the kids grow out of them!)... I am sure I am forgetting another pressing project :)
3 cardigans
his main birthday present, from the whole family, is a donation to his favorite local charity, in which he is very involved. but of course i had to *MAKE* a little something, as well, and it's a little dr. seuss-inspired minibook. this card coordinates with it; and i hope is a pretty good--if loosely interpreted-- masculine version of kirsty's sketch, as well.
Getting in: The weekend pass for all day and evening milongas and practicas (not any workshops or privatandas) was £60. The daytime milongas went on about as long as milongas usually do in London, the others longer. You could also book for individual evening milongas or day-passes, but it works out more expensive. Advance booking is essential, places are limited and if you just turn up it won't be possible to let you in. I'd say the entry price was a few pounds higher than other festivals of this type, depending on the exchange rate, but very reasonable by UK standards, especially in view of the number of hours' dancing and the high quality of organisation, music, and dance. Certainly it had no problems getting fully booked, and I wouldn't expect it to next year.
It's as subtle as Lucien
Keep up to date with Manni:
Women of the world, we are clearly missing a trick! If, like me it annoys the crap out of you when you are asked to carry other people stuff in your handbag, buy a bum bag! Or better still; buy your boyfriend/husband/man- friend a bumbag all of their own.
In an attempt to turn the girl around, I scheduled a moxibustion appointment for tomorrow afternoon. There are studies that say it works, so why not, I thought?
I’m still enjoying my sock knitting and now have 5 pairs completed toward my goal of 12 socks in 2012. Ready to turn the heels on the Duckies and the Elementary Watson socks (shared last Wednesday). This week, I thought I’d take a break from socks and share a different project.
Dealing with self-doubt, I think. It started when I sent three chapters over to my editor. They were nothing like the first three chapters now - one was from Della's point of view, another from Jamie's and then Maddy's chapter was diary-style. I then worried that my editor absolutely hated them, but didn't know how to tell me. My brain would come up with things like, "She's probably looking into how difficult it would be to cancel your contract..." Excruciating. Then she said that she loved them, but liked Della the best and asked if I could write the whole book from Della's point of view and the worry started again. And now I've got to do it all again with another book! *cries* (I do know how lucky I am though, honestly.)
2)use dialogue to catch the reader up on back story. Sometimes it's more interesting that way.
Happy Weekend...
Me: It's Il Divo. The hot opera guys Simon Cowell put together.
Here’s the thing. Alot of us are really good at being sober when it comes to pornography. The problem with sobriety is, we are judging our current progress by our past. We live on constant alert, afraid of whatever it is we are looking for, and then, when it gets us (because it will if we stand there waiting for it long enough), we fall back in, hook line and sinker. Then we start saying, “Well, it’s only been two days, what the heck, I’ll just start again next week. Maybe I will wait until Valentine’s Day to start, or Easter.”
08 - Moriarty - White Man's Ballad
But anyrate, yesterday, we tinkered, and made a heck of a mess in Jason's garage and workshop.
Digistamp Boutique digi ~ Louie and cupcake coloured with promarkers & flexmarkers
On its “Switchboard” blog the NRDC charts the Gulf oil disaster and implores its readers to “Tell [their] senators to pass energy legislation that will prevent future oil spills.” A link leads to an automated form which enables readers to send a message to their Senator. The default message asserts that “the Senate must pass comprehensive clean energy and climate legislation that puts this country on the path to sustainable and renewable power and fuel.”
This is going to be fun. Before I send anything else, I need to flesh out this Mary Ann character. I go to Google Maps and randomly pick a location: Nebraska. Knowing that any exchange with the spammer is going to involve Western Union, I search for branches.
Goodness. No mediator necessary.
* Click & Go Baby Safe Sleeper, Baby Safe Plus SHR and Carrycot fit directly onto the chassis (available as optional extras)
People do appreciate the need for this peace, but they’re making the mistake of defining it as absence of conflict. The mistake is a deadly one, since life itself entails conflict, and a dogmatic regimen of rejecting all conflict will eventually come to the point where it begins to reject life. … What point is there to life, if we’re only supposed to live it until there is conflict? There is none.
manners
Another delayed selection from earlier on.
The Vernal Equinox marks the start of Nowruz — an ancient festival celebrated by people of Persian descent. While many modern-day Persians are muslims, the festival is really a purely Persian/Iranian one rather than a religious one, and it has been celebrated for at least 3,000 years.
The "bible" for Sendak collectors is known in the book trade as "Hanrahan." The actual title is WORKS OF MAURICE SENDAK, 1947-1994 : A COLLECTION WITH COMMENTS by Jean Y. Hanrahan. This bibliography gives very specific information on how to identify first editions of each Sendak book, along with price ranges. Needless to say, most of the prices mentioned in the book are now extremely dated. That most sought-after Sendak picture book, WHERE THE WILD THINGS ARE, is listed at $350-$500. Today the price has skyrocketed to as much as $10,000 to $20,000!
Keath Ladner, a third generation seafood processor in Hancock County, Mississippi, is also disturbed by what he is seeing.
The first was the birthday layout challenge. The photos had to have something to do with a birthday and:
It’s brilliant. So thank you.
I am so smitten with all the function that was packed into this playroom/office, to ensure the family is always together being creative and playing and bonding! BEST THING EVER!
“We got us a couple smaller stashes with vehicles along the way,” Pappy reassured the comms specialist. “Might not need all of us to go after those choppers either.”
As soon as she passes me I launch into commando mode, lethargy forgotten. By tip-toe running up the drive after her, I soon reach the cover of one of the cars before she turns around to check if anyone is following her.
They’re cute, right? I personally think the orange one is badass.
Imogene's head hit the counter hard.
The tall, broad-shouldered boy in the striped sweater now bowed down on the floor, shifting the space, opening anew a clear view of the image of Christ. I thought once again about something Br. John had said on the very first day. God is always the same, and always changing. Bing, bing, bing. Our job is to try to keep moving with his cues.
The crib bedding in chocolate, butter yellow and robin's egg blue sets the color scheme in this modern, gender neutral nursery. The wall is painted a tranquil shade of blue. A hand-painted wall mural like this one with a monkey in a tree is a darling way to incorporate nature into your design. Your little one will love it too!
2 kiwi fruits (a superfood – ideal for those who don’t want to have to eat too much fruits, it’s full of everything good)
28th May 2012
Owen/Cristina: After last episode’s cliffhanger, we find out that Cristina has been icing Owen out for a week, not speaking to him at all. He and Meredith work together tonight, and he asks her to try and talk to Cristina, using the hideous excuse of “It was just sex.” Meredith is aghast and angrily advises him to stop talking. The two have an awkward time in the operating room, with Bailey witnessing the tension. It turns out, as Meredith tells Owen, that Cristina hadn’t even told her about the infidelity, which Meredith assumes means that Cristina hopes to eventually forgive him and didn’t want her Twisted Sister to hate her husband.
Bizarre coincidences happen. Bizarre events happen. All the time.
In my previous, bedroom community life, I had unconsciously filled my home with travel books and artifacts collected all over the world: A way for me to impress friends and separate myself from a settled community that I longed to escape. But I have since come to realize that the pictures in my head, the experiences lived and the memories shared with my husband of that world trip are more important. They live forever and can never be taken away, stolen, damaged or burnt. On the other hand, artifacts can. The library now stores our books. I am free of the responsibilities related to possessing such objects.
Last year, South Africa was ranked 43rd in the world with a rating of 5.1 out of a potential 10 points on Transparency International's (TI) 2008 Corruption Perceptions Index.
But blacks are too many, too different, and too culturally raucous. Some syncretism occurs around the edges, yet even the middle classes of the two races mix seldom and somewhat awkwardly.
At a Ball Game or Amusement Park
The Thursday night before our meeting, while The Pudge and I were at scouts, The Mrs. gets a call from the teacher (this is around 7:00PM). The first thing the teacher starts talking about is having to work late. The Mrs. cut her off on that topic right away (The Mrs. routinely works until 9 and 10 at night) and told her to get to the point. The teacher wanted to let us know that she realizes there is a problem with the on-line software and communication and that she and the school are taking steps to correct it. Blah, blah, blah...we'll work to fix the problem.
When you feel like you are all done, please do show in the Gallery because this piece makes us want to respond to it. That is what ART should do.
Sadly such ravaging days are no more. And, like many other lonely, impotent, withered individuals, he has had to turn to artificial stimulation for his thrills. Usually he waits till the house is empty - or at least till we are all in bed - to indulge in these sick and abnormal practices.
Malika Zarrar: Let him bear the responsibility. What is this?!
Let me know what you think! I love comments!
I have three little projects on the go at the moment, which I will share in this my final blog post :)
Card Ingredients:
Artifacts from saloons included bottles, bungs, white and red clay pipes, dice, animal bones, oyster shells, buttons, bullets, coins and even a tooth powder box. A water filter made in London and a glazed earthenware spittoon were represented by photos. There was also a case devoted to the Chinese population of Virginia City, (Sarah Heffner's special subject), including Chinese coins, pottery, tiny medicine bottles, a bone toothbrush and an opium pipe. It was a delightful half hour travelling back in the past. If you have any interest in the archaeology of the Wild West – or Virginia City – and find yourself on the Reno campus, I urge you to go along to the University of Nevada, Reno Anthropology Research Museum. Just tell them Caroline Lawrence sent you!
I think – he can correct me – this was the exact price I told my client he’d pay if he wanted it. Turns out he didn’t.
Combine champagne and sugar in a small saucepan and heat until sugar is fully dissolved. Place in fridge to cool.
Ahearn’s new book conquers the problems of digital personal privacy. His philosophy is since information cannot be deleted one must combat information via digital deception and distortion. The overall goal is to destroy one’s digital DNA. Those DNA genes consist of The Self, which is information you are responsible for posting. The PIV is personal information violation when you post personal information of a person without their permission. The Database, the intrusive world of companies that search, collects and resell your personal information. The final gene being Images of you posted without permission.
Oscitate: Gape or Yawn.
Granted, we are poor, by the standard of our pockets.
VACUUM MAN - COURT MERRIGAN
Now for me this is a first...as i have actually done VIDEO...It was the only way to really show you!
I am not sure if the author of the original post pre-cut the tree trunks and branches, but we decided that our kids would need help with this, so we decided to do that for them. We also glued down the tree trunk in the middle of the page to get them started in the right place. To prepare the cardboard, try to peel off the top layer to expose the corrugated part of it. Then cut it into strips, cutting one long strip for the trunk and some smaller strips for the branches.
considers my family a part of hers and she also worships
~Eowyn
I do not like time-skips.
1/2 a cup of edamame has 11g of proteins, vitamin C, vitamin B,vitamin E, minerals and 4g of fiber!
NVIC & Mercola.com: Partners Since 2008
that GIF ^ that's me right now, well not right now, but like 10 minutes ago, maybe 20 minutes, max.
Oh, and Walt could pull it off. Like Clark Gable or Caesar Romero or Douglas Fairbanks.
being woke up by the sound of a horse's hooves on the back country road,
many of you will have read the details of Derek Clark's attempt to stave off being booted out by members of his own regional party - who are in complete despair and hold him in utter contempt!
The law of hatred, rebellion
When Amelia stumbles on an amnesiac Sebastian while out gardening, she never suspects the changes the discovery will bring to her comfortable country life, nor the effect it will have on her plans to find a wife for her widowed father. When the household moves to Town, Amelia seizes it as the perfect opportunity to search beyond the small village for a suitable wife for her father, as well as find familiar territory for Sebastian. But as Sebastian regains his memory, he also regains the knowledge that he must keep this information a secret. Claiming his title and estates outright would leave the interloper of his estates free and a much more dangerous than in the past. He must find a way to claim what is his by right, and who he wants for love...
If we really wanted a more accurate groundhog forecast, we should put Phil out in the middle of nowhere by himself. When he comes out of the hole, this time on his own accord, there would be no cameras to create thousands of shadows all around him. It would be just Phil and his dirty, groundhog hole. Sure, he would still probably be wrong, but at least he would have a fair shot.
and you leave me here alone,
Shown here is a photo of the George in Stockport at the busy junction of the A6 and Heaton Lane opposite Debenhams. It has been in a closed and boarded state for around six months now, and represents a real eyesore right at the centre of the town. Many years ago it was one of the scattering of pubs in east Cheshire and Staffordshire tied to Liverpool brewery Higsons – another was the Fool’s Nook on the A523 south of Macclesfield.
From morning I will be thinking what’s for dinner, and plan elaborate meal, but end up making an easy dish. Semiya upma comes to my rescue me on some of the days. Amma used to make it as breakfast when she ran out of usual dosa batter (Pancake batter). Earlier whenever, I will say I am going to make semiya upma my hubby’s immediate answer will be ‘no’. One day I told him I am going to make it if you don’t like I can make something else for you. He said okay. I made it and after taste testing his question was why you did not make it till now. And why have you not you written a blog about it.
NOTE The above tells us that in order to reduce as much sugar as possible in water kefir, then it is important that the SKG are growing well. The more grain growth the lesser sugar is left in water kefir, and also the lesser amount of alcohol produced. For a good water kefir recipe that gives best grain growth, please go to my kefir making web page here."
One thing I had to think through was how to deal with my personal appointments on GCal. I want people to know I’m busy, but not necessarily why. So I set up a “personal” GCal calendar that I can edit from either my laptop, my server at work, or my iPhone, and since that calendar is configured to hide details, others only see that I’m busy. Combined with my other GCal calendars, I get what I need. Not as elegant as I would have liked, but plenty good enough for me.
What do I do everyday? People ask me that. I don’t work a 9-5 job anymore. Well, not one that provides services for another company. I work my own 9-5 schedule, Monday through Friday. It has worked out so far. And yes, my book sales are doing well. I get asked that a lot, but often wonder what people mean by it. It’s a lot like asking someone, “So how much money are you making at your job versus how much you are spending? Are you doing well?”
I can’t help but mention the women who make this happen: Momi Kuahiwinui, Ruthe Babas, Veronique Braithwaite and Laura Gabriel (and some of their husbands who are a big help too). They are a silver lining in an already bright sky.
Last but not least, the 2010 edition of the Chicago Marathon was one for the ages. Sammy Wanjiru of Kenya defeated Tsegaye Kebede of Ethiopia (2:06.24-2:06.42) in a great battle. Truly an amazing race, watch the finish of the race on Flotrack or find it on youtube. There is no doubt that Sammy Wanjiru is a true champion.
Directly under Bush and the Congress is the authority to reduce the biggest single factor boosting food prices—reversing the tax-subsidized policy of growing ever more corn to turn into fuel at the expense of huge acreages that used to produce wheat, soy, rice and other edibles.
"At first I had friends who were scratching their heads at the protests," says Ader.
stop breathing, near a hundred, no one knew
So I have decided to plug Princess Free Zone, a pretty amazing brand and site that encourages youg girls to explore their interests and not to live up to th ‘princess’ role.
“You should do something with your blog. People have book tours. You should have a blog tour. Go round the country telling stories from your blog.”
Exsoteric: What are your top three tips for a woman getting ready to go out?
Day by day.
food for the soul is offered up
The Glengoyne 17-year-old is a perfect example of a scotch distiller doing everything right. It is a full bodied dram that comes out of its corner strong, and then maintains itself with an enduring smoothness and a subtle expression of fruits (perhaps citrus) and spicy oak touched by vanilla.
As the Orland Sentinel reports, Zimmerman got out of his car and followed Trayvon as he walked back to the home of his father’s girlfriend after picking up snacks at a local convenience store.
She was looking at a cordless phone that appeared to have been knocked off its cradle when she first saw the body on the floor, she said. Savage had known Vickers but the remains were unrecognizable, she said.
-The girl physically prying the boy's hand off of her neck? (0:55)
So what would an Open Source Church look like? One sermon isn’t enough to tell you everything I’d like to, or that you might like to know, but we have years ahead of us to play with these ideas – through sermons and AFD offerings, in discussions on our FaceBook page, and in blogs. In the time I do have left though – roughly three minutes – I’d like to sketch out one piece of the puzzle.
I inked all the edges with Vintage Photo ink from Ranger and I used glitter from SU.
10. The Roots – Get Busy
I heard the door slide shut and then the loud stream, that by all laws of physics, creates an echo because of the depth of distance between stream and toilet water.
Of Russian petro-dollars coming from afar
That life I lived before I got here.
Well done to Cathy, her agent Steve Denham, and all those who helped in the Campaign.
At the outbreak of the Civil War, Lucy Mina Otey, a sixty year old widow, organized five hundred women of Lynchburg, Virginia into the Ladies’ Relief Society. The duties of the members of the Society included preparing and delivering food to the wounded in hospitals, making bandages, mending clothes and assisting surgeons in any way possible. Women would write letters for soldiers and keep patients comfortable. One morning when arriving at a hospital, Mina Otey was denied access by order of Dr. W.O. Owen, the head of Lynchburg military hospitals. Dr. Owen ordered the removal of Otey and all women from the hospitals stating, “no more women or flies are to be admitted.”
The pain kills and the surroundings suffocating,
In conclusion, you have a very good chance that should an EMP or severe solar storm occur while you are driving home from work, you will be able to make it home as long as you are careful to avoid collisions. Once home, however, is an entirely different story!
OK so I make this sound so nonchalant.
B-U-S-Y would be the understatement of the year but who isn't busy during the holidays? The first thing to get cut from my list of to-do's happens to be this blog. I hope to be a better blogger in 2012. That can be one of my resolutions. I thought I'd share a few highlights from this past month.
rocks melt like wax at your presence.
When the President of the United States repeatedly says he’s got your back, and in precisely those words, what more can you ask for?
Add butter/vanilla to oat mixture and stir to coat.
The same concept for the awards, who will wear the most horrible outfits? I have to say this one:
So here are a few of my recent ones - and since it has been become difficult for me to write longer entries on this blog space, I will include them here as well in the future.
4. Now sprinkle the cheese all over the top and bake in a preheated oven in 360 deg for another 10-12 mins.
The NYPD has about 6,000 fewer uniformed officers than it did ten years ago, and the mayor announced last week plans to delay a class of 540 police cadets scheduled to begin in April due to budget constraints.
Teach me ash,
And salt in the mine
O.O
“…one day I simply woke up and decided that I wasn’t going to put my life on hold any longer, waiting for someone else to treat me better than I was willing to treat myself.” Pg 54
ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY-THREE COUNTRIES NOW CELEBRATE MOTHER’S DAY
Q077) The moment when you thought you would aim to be a singer?
and R79 another patterned,
So without further ado, here is my new acquisition:
"The fancy that the cosmos was not vast and void, but small and cosy, had a fulfilled significance now, for anything that is a work of art must be small in the sight of the artist; to God the stars might be only small and dear, like diamonds. And my haunting instinct that somehow good was not merely a tool to be used, but a relic to be guarded, like the goods from Crusoe’s ship—even that had been the wild whisper of something originally wise, for, according to Christianity, we were indeed the survivors of a wreck, the crew of a golden ship that had gone down before the beginning of the world."
With a flush on its petal tips;
I always remember during my childhood days people asking me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I’m pretty sure from about the time I could talk til about the time I was 15 I wanted to be a famous singer. Me and my childhood friend Caitie would run up to those little apartment brochure stands in the front of grocery stores and gas stations and collect as many free ones we could so we could pick out our future home that we would live in together one day. (they were some very extravagant places let me tell you). Not only did we want to travel the world together as famous musicians, we wanted to do so an a sick RV. That was my dream. After that, I dabbled in cheerleading and other musical fields. It wasn’t until I got to college that having to really choose what I wanted to be became important.
The bar had a good buzz for a Tuesday night. Nice little crowd and people having conversations at the bar, and at the high tops surround the bar. The bartender was friend, and quite honestly I don't think she was even old enough to drink herself.
“My pleasure baby…”
I’m a bit down in the dumps today. I had this awful nightmare last night that our house was being torn apart by a tornado. I woke up to a huge clap of thunder and panic that it really was happening. It wasn’t, of course. It was just a storm with heavy rain. It would have been soothing if I hadn’t went into a pure panic mode, sure our days were numbered. (As a note, I have GOT to stop watching the Day After Tomorrow and 2012. I’m making myself more BSC than I already am.) Anyway, since I was terrified, I only slept a few hours last night. I brought my stuff to workout at lunch but I’m not sure I’m up to it. This may be a rest day, though I intended on Saturday being a rest day. Perhaps both today and Saturday will be a rest day.
For all these reasons and more, I love you Mom.
Why does this society protect predators?
A couple more things to think about:
The most striking bit in the greenie’s silence: the death toll of the towers comes from only 1.6% of the 85,000 North American units; those few exceptionally tall ones kill 70% of the victims. And with them, it isn’t the towers, it’s their guy wires doing most of the damage. Remedies are available for those but the greenies don’t seem to care, even though some of the victims are very threatened species they like to get so excited about. Well, except when towers or windmills are involved…Hey, Sierra Club! Where are you??? What? Can’t hear you… guess I’m getting deaf, huh?
86) Hey, are you one of those chicks who goes out with guys right off the bat? ‘Cause that’s what I’m looking for.
circa 1950s
1 yellow onion chopped
Warm concrete in the Summer.
Anthony joined the second intake of trainees at Create Greater Manchester. He had made mistakes in life but was 100% ready to turn his life around:
The whole idea of the clouds and the harp playing and the general smugness of heaven does kind of depress me a little. The traditional notion of the celestial plane being like an Ikea catalogue, with everyone sitting around in white rooms just laughing their tits off at all the heathens in hell below, just sounds like a dinner party that I really would want to try and avoid.
Author Eric Carle says he was inspired by a hole puncher to write this book and there are holes in each of the items the caterpillar eats. The book teaches the concept of counting since on each page the caterpillar devours an increasing number of items.
ever get tired of that? Don’t you ever want to be treated like you’re someone?”
Today was quality time with me.
WHEN
SAME DARN KNEE
So, while I too am excited to hear that Jeshua Anderson has chosen my favorite sport to place his focus, I feel for him and all those other young athletes out there that seem pressured to choose! College should be a time of exploration and fun for these young people. And until they have to choose on their profession as adults (and not all will be professional athletes) they should have the ability to test themselves in a variety of activities - sports included. Because where an athlete is at the age of 19 in either sport, can change significantly over the course of four years - they deserve the opportunity to see just how much!
The winner, chosen my Random org is....
Nothing, though, had prepared me for the opening of the Gloria – which is as it should be. It came like an explosion, a thunderbolt even, with the kind of electricity that Furtwängler himself used to impart to Beethoven, and few, very few, others have succeeded in eliciting since; it was as if the heavenly throng itself were singing the Almighty’s praises. I wondered whether Paul Groves was a little on the ‘operatic’ side during the ‘Gratias’ section, or at least not sufficiently Germanic in style, and one could have wished for greater resonance from Matthew Rose. But any such minor doubts were soon overtaken by the titanic, orchestrally-founded strength upon which we heard the choral ‘Domine Deus, Rex cœlestis’. Hints of Mozartian Harmoniemusik upon ‘Domine Fili unigenite Jesu Christe’ were gratefully received, but we were never in doubt that the Mozartian paradise had been lost for ever, woodwind in the ‘Qui tollis’ section now recognisable from the travails of the Ninth Symphony. Once again Beethovenian sincerity shone as a light through the performance, the imploring ‘Qui sedes ad dexteram Patris, miserere nobis’ signalling the composer kneeling. (And there is clearly only one person, or force, before whom or which Beethoven would ever kneel.) The ‘Quoniam’ captured to perfection that precarious balance, or rather dialectic, between certainty and uncertainty or downright despair, whilst the close of the movement recaptured the electricity of its opening. If the soloists’ final Amen sent shivers down the spine, the final choral shout of ‘Gloria’ went beyond anything I can even attempt to express in words.
Being treated by an aromatherapist can be a brief process, or it can take some time. This will completely depend on the condition that you are being treated for and the ways in which your body responds to treatment. Once you start on a regimen of essential oils, you need to keep track of how your body reacts to each oil. If you believe that you are suffering from side effects that are considered to be abnormal, then you need to stop using the oils and consult your aromatherapist.
I left the gym, shaky, sweating and so tired I didn’t know how I was going to manage to eat before falling face first into my bed. But I felt victorious as I slid into slumber.
2tbsp Ghee
The power is in your hands to research and query and write and revise and query some more.
Anyway, I guess I way overdid it with the gardening last week. The big day of gardening was the day I started AFV. I *thought* I was taking it easy, but still getting done what HAD TO get done... but I guess I was wrong and I still haven't recovered from it yet.
Check email, Facebook and games, Twitter, blog, surf the net . . .
My sister Elizabeth Paulette ( Libby) was the first baby born on March 12 th so every year through her 6th birthday all the Brownie and Girl Scout troops met in designated place and gave her a party including cake ,ice cream and a gift from each troop. I loved seeing what all she got every year. She always got some kind of bunny I remember.
Let us settle ourselves, and work and wedge our feet downward through the mud and slush of opinion, and prejudice, and tradition, and delusion, and appearance, that alluvion which covers the globe… through church and state, through poetry and philosophy and religion, till we come to a hard bottom and rocks in place, which we can call reality, and say, This is, and no mistake; and then begin…
The slightly bitter aftertaste of coffee
But the stereotypes that are hung on “mountain folk” -- the residents of the Appalachians -- are some of the most perfidious and persistent. Mountain folk, in literature and in popular culture, are not only poor, but woefully benighted, too. Shoeless urchins are clad in burlap sacks. Toothless crones cackle from porches, perhaps dreaming of some old folk magic. Idle men pick the banjo when they aren’t making moonshine or dreaming of brutality aimed at strangers. Incomprehensible drawl immediately marks these people as the Other.
I have a couple of ideas flying around and I also have a funny feeling that something we're doing in my cake decorating class (which finishes at the end of this month) just might begin with H. Which I promise is pure coincidence!
To it’s credit, and compared to the government corporations, the Mormons actually do some very good things. Their welfare system is top notch and has been copied by other countries and our own government welfare system is based upon it. But it is the volunteers that make this happen, not the corporation. They are not symbiotic by necessity, only in their corporate structure. It is the people who have the power to make the world better. One must always remember that.
The answers we give to those questions affect what characteristics and behaviors we expect from one another, what gender roles we ideally hold one another accountable to, and how we treat those whose experience of gender is different from our own.
It was a really good show!
Former Steeler and NY Giant
Thank you for checking out my project, now follow the links below and remember to visit all the stops for MAXIMUM ideas and LOTS OF FUN!!! Next up on the hop is BLUE, make sure you check out her fun project!!!
I've previously said that by going after Zapiro, Zuma was on the path
and reaches for the tool
“Did I go too far?” Kat asked her as she crossed her legs and wrinkled up her nose, flipping short dark waves of hair. “I know. Sometimes I go too far. But he was wasting your time. You weren’t going to hire him.”
1/2 C copped nuts (optional)
14 For this reason I kneel before the Father, 15 from whom his whole family in heaven and on earth derives its name. 16 I pray that out of his glorious riches he may strengthen you with power through his Spirit in your inner being, 17 so that Christ may dwell in your hearts through faith. And I pray that you, being rooted and established in love, 18 may have power, together with all the saints, to grasp how wide and long and high and deep is the love of Christ, 19 and to know this love that surpasses knowledge–that you may be filled to the measure of all the fullness of God. 20 Now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to his power that is at work within us, 21 to him be glory in the church and in Christ Jesus throughout all generations, for ever and ever! Amen.
Maybe you have located your self in a situation that you required dollars quickly, but payday was days or perhaps weeks absent? This has occurred to most of us at one time or another plus its important to remember the fact that you will find options available. Exactly what those people possibilities? Signature Loans is one of them and payday advances, cash advances, and so forth.
A cubit is approximately eighteen inches long. This has to be one of the most frustrating things in reading the Old Testament. This “chest” mentioned in verse ten is 2 ½ cubits long (3 ¾ feet) by 1 ½ cubits wide (2 ¼ feet long) and 1 ½ cubits high (2 ¼ feet high). With what is the chest to be overlaid? (Gold)
Being the special brew it is, I'm shearing the drinking experience with my friend and boss Chris who's knowledge in beer...well pretty much in everything really is beyond human and I would probably ask him about anything and everything first before checking wikipedia.
These children are mine! Their adoption is final. Final. Nothing more to be added or done. It cannot be changed. They are forever ours’!
With the city's infrastructure having collapsed long ago—or perhaps having never been built in the first place—there are no works of public sanitation, no sewers, no licensed doctors, no reliable food supply, no electricity. The feral city is a kind of return to medievalism, we might say, back to the future of a dark age for anyone but criminals, gangs, and urban warlords. It is a space of illiterate power—strength unresponsive to rationality or political debate.
Meanwhile, I was recalling a story Ram Dass used to tell of his early days in India, when he was agonizing over finding just the perfect gift for Maharaj-ji. He had finally settled on purchasing a beautiful blanket, because Maharaji basically only wore blankets, and Ram Dass carried the blanket with him throughout his travels, building up in his mind how wonderful it was going to be to present his beloved guru with this token of his great love, and how special he would feel as the bestower of such a perfect gift. But in fact, when he was finally sitting before his guru and with great ceremony presented him with the blanket, Majaraj-ji picked it up by the edges of one corner with two fingers, holding it up like a dead rat, and then turned and presented it to another devotee as a gift. He then turned to Ram Dass and asked, “Did I do the right thing?” “Perfect,” Ram Dass responded. In that moment, he saw how much his ego had riding on the blanket; it was not a “clean” gift in that way, and Maharaj-ji held it up in that manner to indicate as much.
cummon hannan,open ur eyes!
Céline: (Yelling.) You know, I want to KILL them!! Why didn’t they ask ME to marry them? I would have said “No”, but at least they could have asked!! But it’s my fault, I know it’s my fault, because…I never felt it was the right man. Never! But what does it mean the right man? The love of your life? The concept is absurd; the idea that we can only be complete with another person is…EVIL!! RIGHT??!!
Doug Johnson - Keyboars
It’s easy to see why it’s a “dream job” for some… Assuming you are ok with travelling with a mix of foreigners, all spending big money, and are ok with passing through numerous towns, mixing with a very limited handful of locals, and staying in secure campsites with other tourists every night. It’s a GREAT job, if you want to see the campsites of East and Southern Africa, drive through some villages without stopping, do cool activities for free, and get drunk and try to sleep with girls from other trucks. But that’s not what I was looking for.
Got my Oxfam gift catalogue recently. Bought a few things for some people I know who don't need anything bought for them and are delighted to have something bought on their behalf for people in places where they really do need things.
2006: Taxi violence claimed 25 lives in Khayelitsha.
Click here to read my entire ACCV statement with live links to the 1986 Vaccine Injury Act, U.S. Court of Appeals decisions, congressional testimony and other original sources.
I will be making some more purchases of handbags at Pre-Owned Handbags 4 Less in the future! I would typically spend $50 on a handbag. Why not get a designer one!
I have an afternoon phone call scheduled with a new friend and coach, for a mutual session which is really exciting. Last time we talked it was click click click energizing loveliness and I hope tomorrow will bring more of the same. I love resonance that is positive like that. It makes me feel things are possible.
Week 4: Monochromatic ~ same colours in different hues (light/dark)
Just how were you planning on cleaning up Washington? By leaving it every two weeks?
If we weren’t living so isolated in the country I might have mistaken the mud-covered boys, about nine and eleven years old, for neighborhood children and sent them home where their mothers could deal with the clay-mud clinging to every square inch of their clothing and bodies.
*Newborn babies sleep ALL the TIME
No sugary conversation hearts??
Problem #1: Not following Directions
When the moose said that the pineapple has some trick up its sleeve, he means that the pineapple
Are you thinking, “What the heck do Values have to do with me managing my time better – getting rid of Time Trash?” In order to implement ideas to improve how you use your time, first you have to figure out what you should be spending time on. Are you spending time on things that matter, things that you care about, things that will have a positive impact on you and the lives of other people? It all Starts With Core Values!
I'll go and leave you in peace now - better finish loading the washing machine and then get some cleaning and ironing done.
You can use any type of pasta you want. The common pasta to use is fettuccine. I just really like bow tie pasta for some reason. It's cute. And festive! If you used fettuccine noodles, then you could legitimately call it a Crab and Garlic Fettuccine Alfredo, which I guess sounds fancier than "Pasta Alfredo." hehe.
Size and weight: Substantial enough weight making it easy to handle and secure but not too heavy.
and should not, be open to censure or punishment by anyone - and
Quite early in his career, his friend and ‘Tango Nuevo’ creator Astor Piazzolla had advised him to stay true to his roots and establish a kind of ‘New Musette’. Galliano’s exceptional abilities as a soloist are now well-recognized, and he continues to explore a vast range of music, without ever losing that lyrical quality that infuses the ballads on Love Day that he recorded with Gonzalo Rubalcaba, Charlie Haden and Mino Cinelu, or the French Touch which allowed him to make the link between Billie Holiday and Edith Piaf, with the trumpeter Wynton Marsalis.
Jeremiah 31.31-34 Hebrews 5.5-10 John 12.20-33
1. Park as far away from the entrance as you can (unless, of course, it's night and you have kids with you... obviously).
Most of my clients drink a lot of Cleansing-Balance Tea to flush out toxins in the liver and kidneys during the cleansing crisis. One tea bag of Cleansing-Balance Tea makes one pot: 6 cups (8 oz. each cup). Some of my clients drink two pots a day during the cleansing crisis. Some “brave” clients with drug addiction, or Irritated Bowel Syndrome (IBS), even increase the dosage of our herbal formulas to hasten the cleansing effects. If you have to work and perform certain amount of daily chores for your family, then just reduce the dosage of our herbal formulas and go through a milder, but longer cleansing period.
The programs that download it are not in themselves detected as malicious. However, it sounds to me as if they might be candidates for detection in their own right as malware downloaders, especially as in some instances the user is not aware that the “utility” is required until the “innocent” program is being installed.
BUT on hitting 'order now' I found the price of the book was being stated at £32.95 and not the £9.95 quoted on the beginning page. Another hiccup no doubt but minorly frustrating - vanity certainly doesn't stretch THAT far!
- 1-2 carrots, diced
I was playing with the Imagine again this weekend. I am trying to use this machine at least once a week.
- The alternate world of Subrosia feels a bit superfluous.
It is worth noting that there is a very large Lithuanian community in Chicago, including the Lithuanian National Cemetery where this reviewer’s maternal grandparents are interred.
Duffer was created by William Dumaresq and Joseph Despins, two Canadians who relocated to London in 1962 and 1963 respectively. Despins was, broadly speaking, the technical brains of the team; the extreme subject matter was Dumaresq’s (a division of labour that has some similarities to Nicolas Roeg and Donald Cammell's co-directing of Performance).
I was thinking of what to say to him—without sounding too mushy and gooey—when Jason said, taking my hand in his, ‘I may not get to see you as often as I like. I may not get to hold you in my arms all through the night. But deep in my heart I truly know, you’re the one that I love, and I can’t let you go. Ever.’
£3.00 a pint and you could probably sink a few and not feel too bad in the morning but it doesn’t really set your world alight. The Cannonball is the same price but for a half, some of you might shout WHAT A RIP OFF and to those people I politely say don’t drink it, save it for me as I will happily ‘session’ this beer all night because it tastes amazing. The Cannonball probably has around five times the ingredients of Doom Bar, the American hops probably come at a higher premium and it probably takes twice as long to make. Do you still
The stories,
I used to get upset when I saw his looking over my shoulder, or turning his back to me at the bar, or walking behind/in front of me. Now, almost 4 years later, it's par for the course. I've grown used to the disassociation and sadly, it just doesn't bother me anymore. I play the part well - if he spots someone he knows, I slip out sight unseen and wait for him to tell me its safe again. Or, I turn my chair around and strike up a conversation with whatever person(s) may be on the other side of me. In fact, I did it so well on Friday night that even he was amazed at my seamless transition into the crowd (and the fact that I was "hiding" under his nose).
Back to the summit, over the course of two days attendees will learn about SEO, community building and management, creating quality video content, mobile social trends, how small businesses can harness the power of social media and other hot topics.
& where a lady with dark eyes
For starts it would probably be shorter than Dave’s poem. Dave doesn’t write epics but he does write poems longer than I generally enjoy and if they were by any other writer I might not even try to read them. Today’s poem is 57 lines long but they’re nice short lines, 272 words in total excluding the title. Here’s a link to the poem. The average reading rate is between 200 and 250 words per minute so what are we talking about here? About 1 minute and 20 seconds. That’s not much time out of anyone’s life. Surely I can get my act together for 80 seconds.
A very exciting and entertaining movie...don't miss it!
Knowing I’d have a convenient sampling room near the center of reunion activities, I snagged a few odd beers at a huge liquor store called Tipsy's Liquor World near the hotel. Here in quick riff fashion are those beers:
The new package was worth a couple of tenths according to the team and the back to back tests in free practice proved its worth over the older aero package. As with the rest of the car it’s hard to pin point where the lap time comes from, For Lotus the conventional approach and iterative detail development has brought dividends over a more aggressive approach.
Tailored is a members-only platform where brides not only discover new brands and up-and-coming designers, but also get personalized recommendations on products and services based on their taste, budget, and wedding-planning needs. The personalized experience begins at sign-up with a quick and easy interactive quiz. Unlike other inspirationally-driven platforms, all of the items and services that are shared on Tailored can be purchased, allowing users to easily buy the items that are inspiring them. With over 160 affiliates, Tailored will offer the largest wedding catalog online – proud to feature products from such national retailers as Macy’s, Bloomingdales, The Knot, and Sandals Resorts, among many others!
So lets set things straight...
Isn't this little dump truck just too cute! I got this cut from the B is for Boy cricut lite cartridge!!
If you've read this far, thanks for bearing with my long winded story! For everyone who knew about what was going on and has been supportive every step of the way, thank you, from the bottom of my heart.
But love can stop him,
she still loved him—but she had
A year ago, I posted a story on another blog of mine-This Girl Not That Girl-called “Releasing my Inner (and Outer) Bikini.” It was basically the same old story: I don’t feel comfortable with my body. It’s never good enough. And frankly I’m tired for thinking about it. Honestly, not a day goes by in my life that I don’t think about my body. Isn’t that just terrible? What a waste! Think of all the other world problems I could have solved by now.
In "Making Innovation Pay: People Who Turn IP Into Shareholder Value," Bruce Berman, President of Brody Berman Associates consulting, provides essays by, and portraits of, some of the world's most-notable IP business people. With Chapter headings like "Managing Innovation Assets Like Business Assets" by Joe Beyers, Vice-President for IP Strategy at HP, "Who Benefits from Patent Enforcement," by patent litigator Raymond Niro, and "Roadblocks, Toll Roads and Bridges: Using a Patent Portfolio Wisely" by former Intel Director Peter Detkin, the stories provide an insight into what many see as the current minority view about what's right with the patent system.
Day 20: Trunks
when faces turned to problems
His ancient, trusty, drouthy (thirsty) crony;
I'm sure ya'll have seen these fabric pumpkins using a roll of TP for the base. I've made a few in past years using batting or fiber fill for the padding, but the ones I made this time are padded with plastic bags! Can we all say "RECYCLE?"
Orange Habanero
It's a great site and worth a visit.
4 Wind Thru Glass 03:18
i wanted to show another shot of the shirt's cute gathered detail in the back.
Chico, CA 95928-6722
In becoming flesh we are
Jennifer actually designed these tangles for a book I wrote last year (the one that kind of slipped into a black hole...). The image I painted of her, at the beginning of this post, was for that book too. Notice the "Dew Drops" on her shirt? Clever, eh? I also drew the Zentangle ("Zendragon"?) combining all three. But I stole the idea from a little sketch that Jen had done.
It has been four years since I forgave anyone. But I’m also glad, I’ve begun to remember who I really am.
In light of a larger discussion of the ways in which the recent Egyptian Revolution occupied and transformed public space to stage its protest, it is useful to examine the relationship between public space to revolution, as well as the historical and civic significance of Tahrir Square. In short, how is the choice to protest there significant? Closer examination of the buildings and surrounding space may reveal more keenly how the site itself reflects modern Cairo and captures a changing political landscape over generations and various regimes.
By today's cruise standards
The cat was briefly awoken by all the excitement and opened his eyes. He realised that Lisa was there but that didn’t seem to bother him too much, so he closed his eyes again, lazy and unconcerned. “And… yeah, do you know what? It’s so typical. She’s…”
As another point of interest. Ray Brassier’s most recent talk ‘How to Train an Animal that Makes Inferences: Sellars on Rules and Regularities’, is now available online courtesy of Lorenzo Chiesa (see here). It’s Ray at his best: clear exegesis of Sellars with wonderful and incisive commentary upon the consequences that must be drawn from it. It also contains a small exchange between Ray and Zizek, which fans of both/either may find interesting/entertaining.
....to just take a TEENSY WEENSY peak at what was above the ceiling of the kitchen proper. Soooo....I poked a little hole....that got a little bit bigger....until it was big enough to squeeze my camera up inside the drop ceiling.....
Thanks for stopping by Tuesdays with Molly - watch for more regular posts again!! Yippie! Molly just had a baby 2 weeks ago so we will do our best!
Nars Sheer Matte foundation - This is the first high end foundation I've sucked it up and paid for, and I absolutely love it!! I don't know if the coverage is a whole lot better than say, Revlon Colourstay, but it's the longevity that really impresses me. I put my foundation on just over twelve hours ago and it still looks almost as fresh as it did this morning (with no touch ups). I'm someone who normally oils up around my t-zone within a couple of hours typically, but with this Sheer Matte I just get a hint of dewiness.
“The City”, which is often called “the wealthiest square mile on earth,” is ruled over by a Lord Mayor. Here are grouped together Britain’s great financial and commercial institutions: Wealthy banks, dominated by the privately-owned (Rothschild controlled) Bank of England, Lloyd’s of London, the London Stock Exchange, and the offices of most of the leading international trading concerns. Here, also, is located Fleet Street, the heart and core of the newspaper and publishing worlds.
Much like The House of the Devil, West smoothly approaches his topic with a method similar to that of a crocodile stalking blissfully unaware prey in the waterline. Instead of jumping in head over heels, he builds the tension slowly and merely hints at strange activities in jump scare moments or shorter scene climaxes. Just like The House of the Devil, when it’s time to peak with the culmination, it comes fast and without messing around. Tension has been built up, tweaked and teased for such a long time that the payoff is inevitable. Inevitable, terrifyingly effective and once again, leaving the audience with a bitter pill to swallow. Bitter in the best possible way that is, as the storytelling and the narrative does its job effectively. When that all clicks, you know you are in for a good time. And by then there's no backing out.
There can even be two different ranges of communication; these will probably be whether or not you select a free service or a paid service. Each are good nonetheless, and with the free possibility, the positioning will often let you discover somebody and really get to know them before a subscription is requested for. A variety of the providers is perhaps restricted akin to the quantity of icons allowed or the amount of searches potential also. Nevertheless, with a paid choice all companies are going to be open to you.
Don't feel sorry for him. He knows who he married.
The next morning, the phone rang about 7am. It was my dad. He said "she left us this morning about 5"
it's cold and you can smell
5. May 10 1998
Right??
Along with comparing patterns in the settlement, art, architecture, and writing that developed in these regions, Joyce also uses contemporary social theory to challenge previous approaches and address many key problems in the archaeology of the Americas such as the rise and fall of civilizations and the role of religion and ideology in political control.
Namely strong 100% natural colored/washed linen. The covers are available in several different models and so far in two natural colors.
My God is Altogether Lovely ~ Gale
I remember once reading somewhere that we all have music inside us. But in this quote it meant the music that we were meant to play in our lives. We are meant to do that thing that makes our heart dance and sing. For me it's writing, for others it may be painting or sculpting or photography and, yes, even actual music.
12. It's just so freaking FUNNY! I laugh permanently every time I watch it. Does that make sense? I wasn't sure how to phrase it.
My time with friends turned out to be perfect. The ones that mattered tended to show up more often. The ones that didn't... well, somehow they were busy or stuck in traffic or whatever.
Past MFWs:
1. Suffering means walking through something, even when you don’t know the outcome, because you know Him who walks with you.
Taken out of that context this is actually a pretty cool record and stands the test of time quite easily. just like the last album posted by the Paris Angels this has one great single in "pulling my fingers off" which often finds itself on those compilations you used to find for a quid in the bargain bin of woolies!
generous amount of sea salt and fresh ground black pepper
I was just glad that whole thing was behind me.
I have named my new business Marshmallow Blends! I thought it suited the foody scented product range well, it conjures up images of sweet delicious sounding treats to me.
-Free Camping (bring your own camping gear and tent, a day before / during the event)
However, Emery absolutely loves libertarian U.S. Republican candidate Ron Paul, who also calls the so-called war on drugs a total failure.
At a recent Binghamton gas-…
Garlic (fresh or powder) to taste
Now, for my recipe:
“Captain Barbell Kontra Captain Bakal” (obviously, “Captain Bakal” was the Iron Man of the Philippines) starring Willie Sotelo as “Captain Barbell” and Carlos Padilla, Jr. as “Dario” was shown in 1965…
And that's when she hit something.
In another life, I had a degree in French and before kids I worked as a French teacher in an English secondary school so I'd LOVE to re-use some of my very rusty French by working out a couple of patterns and technical sewing terms, but I can't find any La Droguerie sewing patterns. There's not much call for speaking French here in Southern California so I have to get my practice in where I can.
This recipe works really well if you have digital scales and silcon tartlet cases. If you don’t have 12 tartlet cases (silcon or otherwise) you can use a silcon muffin tray.
Once under the covers, I opened my laptop for one last pass through my email. To my surprise, there was a message from Airbnb with the subject header “Reservation Canceled.” I opened the email and read the details. The cancelation was from the person sleeping in the next room.
Grids, netting, lattice -- all manner of things that could be categorized as some sort of screen -- are a reoccurring motif in the Oscar-nominated film. Some are intricate while others are very simple, and they seem to be in nearly every scene, from the humblest space to the most refined room.
All creatures of our God and King,
We can be reassured though, that we are not alone. Throughout history God has always provided his people with instructions on how to live life to the full. The Bible is our manual for living and is full of troubleshooting tips for problems of life such as this.
my birthday
I walked away from one of the most unhealthiest people that I knew who was bringing me down.
Web Interface
No apology from the White House has yet been reported.
Class 31: ... live animals; fresh fruits and vegetables; seeds, natural plants and flowers; ....
‘In the two years I have been at Venice I have spent about five thousand pounds, and I need not have spent a third of this, had it not been that I have a passion for women … the sum of five thousand pounds sterling is no great deal, particularly when I tell you that more than half was laid out in the Sex;— to be sure I have had plenty for the money, that’s certain.’
However, Ms Branson found Mr CG was not excluded from the job due to the inherent requirements of the job. He had worked for RailCorp for eight years in various roles, including an 18-month stint as a market analyst. There had been no suggestion he had behaved in a way inconsistent with the inherent requirement of the market analyst's position.
Definition of stand: to set, to be firm, to be steadfast
you used to enjoy a nap in the summer shade
Header: chickart@cox.net
In between races we high-five and giggle. This is sweet. We do it every morning. And by the second race (thanks to my coffee), I am totally into it - we have a blast!
As also there are not three incomprehensibles, nor three uncreated: but one uncreated, and one incomprehensible.
God's recreation of the new day.
According to the press release, he'll be recording core repertoire: Beethoven sonatas, the Brahms concerto and the complete solo Bach. Above, Leonidas (right) with Decca's MD, Paul Moseley.
“Magda is old,” My Father told me. “Some says she is hundreds of years old, the last in the line of her family, all who lived unnaturally long lives.”
Before you give me a hard time for being a little on the crazy side, let me just say that his eyes when he opened up his locker and started to take it all in, were on the priceless side of things. He tried so hard to hold back his excitement and remain "cool", but I saw through it all. And I am not just telling myself that to make myself feel better. I did wait until school was out after all.
He said he would now take leave from study and return to China.
Here's a little glimpse into a typical day for this tough cookie...
Oh. No. Stop. Don’t.
To cross out what I’ve become
“I have some very bad news,” said Annie in a muffled and thick Slavic accent. “You have been in contact with someone who has a sexually transmitted disease.”
Despite tight-fisted lending rules imposed on builders by bankers, the housing market appears to be healing albeit slowly and brisk home building due to the mild winter is not the only reason for the uptick in the housing sector.
Check out the deep choco brown in this greeeeeat nursery from apartmenttherapy. Design tip: Utilize dark paint to make small spaces appear bigger (I know, not your mama's decorating tip of the 80s!). Love that sputnik light too.
On the night before Valentine's Day, Mthethwa was booked into the same hotel, this time with four guards, at a cost of R38 516.
LLM: Lynessa Austen
NOTE: Princes also sit and speak against me, But Your servant meditates on Your statutes. Psalm 119:23 NKJV
But Ash hasn’t told anyone about Rebecca’s birthday cards – they all think she’s just run away from home – because if anyone finds out, he’ll be taken off the investigation. And he’s sacrificed too much to give up before his daughter’s killer gets what he deserves…
What's interesting they don't rot the way we are used to - if the apple is gone, entire fruit turns dark brown.
In a shoot-out with wildlife rangers, one of whom is injured, five poachers are killed and 50kg of ivory, three rifles and ammunition recovered. Full report
I love how it turned out, and look forward to adding it to out table with a candle and a simple cloth under.
However, in my tradition neither of the two new covens are starting this way. It is simply time for both High Priestesses to move on. They both needed to be independent in order to continue to grow spiritually. There was sadness, but no animosity in their parting.
In a similar vein you use the famous example from Chaos Theory in Wasted - “A butterfly flaps its wings in New York and a hurricane happens in Indonesia.” This speaks directly to the power of universal energy and of unintended consequences. How do you, Nicola Morgan, the author (not the omniscient narrator) feel about personal power/free will vs. the power of the universal energy? How important is it to find personal balance between one thing and the other?
“You don’t know how much I want to,” he groaned. “But I can’t.”
April ~ Hare or Pink Moon
I definitely think I’ll return to Twin Peaks, and before the year is out as well. This exercise has proved that, watched in a lump, one after the other, the show is just not that interesting. Or maybe I’m missing something. I know the show had some problems in Season 2, and that’s a pity as well.
So we have made it to Shanghai now. I have recovered nearly all the way, and we both slept very well last night. We met our guide, Stephanie, again this morning and she took us to some popular tourist sites here in Shanghai. Scott was so pleased because he was able to eat this dish that he had been wanting to try- it's like a dumpling with sweet pork inside. We both agreed it was fantastic!
Maybe it's good for America to find its smile, good for Americans to make peace with the situation and to let out their collective steam.
As a bonus, they also bequeathed their wealth to the people. Their multi-billion dollar progeny now superintend great philanthropic causes that bear their names: Vanderbilt, Ford, Chase, Mellon, Rockerfeller, Carnegie, Morgan... By the way, those are all modern-day liberal names, with much of the money going to progressive causes.
Beat peanut butter, shortening, brown sugar, honey and egg in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed, or mix with spoon. Stir in flour, baking soda and baking powder. Cover dough with plastic wrap and refrigerate about 2 hours or until firm.
Even though I can’t say words of gratitude to everyone
The audacity to change God’s Word knows no measure. God clearly tells us, heaven and earth will pass away, but never his word.
The original turbojet
How far along? 14 Weeks
5. Add the can of jalapenos and the grape tomatoes. Continue stirring off and on for about 5 minutes until the tomatoes are cooked through and slightly mushy.
This is your opportunity as a mum to tell the world what you are looking for and to shout out about your skills and experiences.
Spring here in the arctic is not what you would call pretty. If Winter is a vain, beautiful, mean woman, then spring is an awkward teenager boy covered in acne and all gangly and squeaky. The snow melts and freezes in quick bursts leaving the ground randomly wet and crunchy at the same time. Layers of debris and animal poo and things you didn't realize you left in the snow emerge in ugly glory from what was once white and clean. The willow bushes shed the heavy snow and sit on the horizon looking like a bald mans brand new hair plugs...or maybe barbie hair. Even the dogs scratch miserably at their shedding fur as it falls off in heavy smelly clumps. Early spring is uncomfortable and wonderful at the same time.
Look for this Brau Brothers American Dark Ale to hit the shelves in a month or two, as well as new and more consistent seasonals from Brothers Brau. There was talk of a Saison in the near future being fermented at extreme temps so def excited for that! Keep up the good work beer brothers and fam. Can't wait to come out in the Summer and see the farm and brewery in it's summery glory!
Glittering
Man, sermonize, usually a hypocrite, and a woman, have morals, certainly ugly.
"We haven't reviewed the accident report from the police," Mr. Switenky said.
She was literally mid-sentence explaining the decision to her students when admin walked into her classroom and told her that she was suspended and relieved of her duties. She was not given an explanation for her suspension. She was also ordered to stay away from the school. In the meantime, Brooke dropped by the school to drop off some prizes for her students. She was then fired.
To phrase the question in a better way, what does inequality of wealth actually say about society? It says exactly nothing about the richest or the poorest and how either are doing, and it also makes it true to say that "equal" societies - like North Korea - are enviable for having eradicated "inequality".
Last.fm 389
It is a mistake, that a lust for power is the mark of a great mind; for even the weakest have been captivated by it; and for minds of the highest order, it has no charms.
Walkers –Striptease
If the publisher has fulfilled the obligation of due care as required, and the copywriter has no evidences to prove that the publisher shall have known its publication has infringed upon his/her copyright, then the publisher shall bear the civil liabilities to cease the infringement and return all proceeds gained from such infringement according to Item 1 of Article 117 of the General Principals of Civil Law.
That this pamphlet can aid in grappling with the task today of articulating, rethinking, how to develop the unification of theory/practice with these new forces of revolution has been proved by what we have learned from Marx’s last writings–his Ethnological Notebooks.[6] That is to say, the presentation of Marx’s Marxism as a totality, as a new continent of thought and of revolution, has been verified by the publication of those writings which touch on the problematic of our day–the Third World. They round out Marx’s break with capitalist society and his first discovery of a whole new continent of thought as Marx articulated it in the 1844 Humanist Essays, which did not limit his revolutionary challenge to capitalism only to what he was against and meant to overthrow. Rather, in unfurling the banner of revolution, Marx’s magnificent vision disclosed the new human relations he was for, from a new relationship of Man/Woman to the end of the division between mental and manual labor. In the 1850s that vision pointed to the need for a “revolution in permanence”; and by 1857 his Grundrisse projected humanity’s as well as the individual’s development as an “absolute movement of becoming.”…
A 3D re-release of Mother 1,2,3 on 3DS eShop. Like they have with plenty of older games. Simply adding 3D can be done in weeks with a good team.
Picture Size:1.33:1 TV Size
Of the four things she wanted, she got two.)
Lenny (is freaking awesome)
Chaotic like an artist’s brush to canvas,
1 role
Here we are at Dos Lagos. We shopped in some clothing stores and we stopped in Windsor, a dress shop. Fenna tried on a few dresses. They were so pretty!
Knowledge and its Correct Use
Cllr Bambos Charalambous
I just nailed the stems to the top of the pumpkins. But wood glue would work just as well!
Yes, I was born on my mom’s 30th birthday while she was having a nice ‘once’ back in Temuco with her friends. She started having contractions when she was eating her own cake. Ended up going to the clinic so my dad (obgyn doctor) can deliver me, and then they finished the celebration in the clinic’s room. Pretty funny!
see nothing. 4) All opaque things in themselves are black, by hypotheses 2 together with 3. Therefore, also snow. Anaxagoras, however, so that his paradox should be more remarkable, would take as the basis of his discussion especially what is held to be the whitest” (G. W. Leibniz, “A Conjecture Why It Seems That Anaxagoras Could Have Said That Snow Is Black, for Jacob Thomasius in a Letter Sent 16 February 1666,” trans. Donald
Ginger - 1/2-inch piece; grind garlic and ginger to a smooth paste
You don’t have to believe in Easter to find the message inside this situation. While it’s fun to decorate the shell, we need to remember how many good things we have inside, waiting to be discovered.
You have feet in your shoes.
The other night we were rocking before bed, and I told him that I loved him. And then, my super sweet kiddo, totally unprovoked, said, "I love you, Baby," and leaned down and kissed my tummy. mush...that's what I turned into. And then I smothered my #1 baby in kisses.
Rio seems to get an abscess every August or early September. Living in the wet climate in the Pacific North West and then hot sunshine (August & September) causes moisture and sand particles to get into the white line causing the abscess. We have our equine on a six-week trimming schedule with our farrier. Rio digs really deep holes around two feet deep and three feet wide in his paddock when not able to get out in his wooded paddock. Scott kept him in the dry paddock more this spring as we were at the hospital, doctor appointments in Seattle and people helping that have no experience with equine. It is our belief that when Rio digs in the ground and it has rained and it rained a lot this spring moisture gets into his right hoof from digging then some nice weather the hoof dries up. Problem is the hoof is now closed and the moisture and they call it gravel is now trapped in the hoof like a pimple on the humans face. We place poultice on the baby diaper, wrap equine vet tape and duc tape. Some of you are saying hey don’t you know about boots for abscesses? Yes, I have tried boots for my mare Lily and she got a rub that cost $900.00 in vet bills and kept her lame for over a week. She did not have an abscess she had a trimmer (natural certified nice web site) that lamed her and she could not walk thus came the boots. I will stick with what works and is cheap.
But for God, His desire to give generously to all who choose to serve Him governs His world. He says, “I want to give the man who was hired last the same as I give you” (Matthew 20:14). In God’s world when quitting time comes He will not be distributing wages based on justice. He can’t. Why? Because He wants to be good to all of us who have chosen to serve Him. And if He were limited by principles of justice, none of us would get all that God wants to give us.
an honest woman out of Adam.
Where is the most exciting place you’ve traveled? I went to Paris, France when I was 16 years old when I was in French class and I’ve been dying to go back ever since.
Chapter II Monitoring and Evaluation of Places of Origin
NAMA also advises me that it pays interest on its senior debt at the same rate as the six-month Euribor rate, which is reset in March and September.
Ah well, I think that this might be bordering on a bit long, so I’ll end here. Thoughts?
If more people are inclined to think of the Mass as a meal then they are more inclined to think of it as a social gathering or something they need to “feel good” at.
Don't be shy, the poll is anonymous.
Thoughts, anyone?
‘I’m sorry, but that’s a tic-tac container with a picture of a cloud stuck on it.’
Your desert island book?
- The crust of my bread developed a beautiful golden color, but the crumb was a bit denser than I would have liked - some big holes would have been lovely!
Uh huh. But, certain people at NASA tell us with 100% certainty that anthropogenic global warming will warm the planet beyond what is safe for life in 5-100 years, despite all the myriad of causes, such as greenhouse gases, the Sun, volcanoes, ocean currents, glaciers, polar caps, land use, and other things that create climate, as they all interact, being “complicated”.
Haniyeh cynically praised the journalists who follow Hamas' propaganda goals, saying that Palestinian Arab journalists are "in the trenches" in the battle with Israel.
“Selfish bastard,” I whisper, the words close under the pillowcase” (Puck, 26, 1st ed.)
Some of these artists were winding down their careers by 1969; some were just getting started. Half didn’t even release any singles that year. All, however, put out fine LPs in 1969 and are worthy of a listen, at the very least to see how they rate against The Archies. Jim and I shall be revealing the Unheard Music of 1969 on Saturday, June 20 at Taosound Tape & CD. If it’s anything like the last couple of weeks, where we learned a thing or two from local Rock Lifers (including the likes of Clement, Greenberg, MacLean, Reid, Romero, Torres and Yaravitz), this week’s session could be a scorcher.
I’m a lone bystander
lights dimmed by the faceless hovering hive
in the morning and afternoon. I'm trying to get more
While I have you though, I thought I would show you a row I completed for a swap that I am part of. This is my food row for my Robin Rower's group. One more row and we'll each have enough rows to make a quilt.
Summer has come and passed
Gathering Sparks by Howard Schwartz with illustrations by Kristina Swarner
I'm headed off to Vietnam for ten days--if you have any recommendations for things to do / eat in Saigon and Hanoi, I'd be more than happy to hear them.
11 My Way
Thanks to Warner Brothers, one VERY lucky Adventures of a Thrifty Mommy reader will win all four DVDs: The Bodyguard, Joyful Noise, Don Juan de Marco, and New Years Eve! Click "Read more" and follow the Rafflecopter directions to enter.
“And what of our poor Eunice here? She’s never been that keen on her boy marryin’–”
When the call was disconnected, a panic-stricken Tatiana Tsyganenkov contacted police in the nearby village of Termalniy and begged them to rush to the river where the attack was taking place.
They told us they’d been hiking along the ridge on the other side of the ravine when…for a boyish lark I suppose…they decided to climb down the mountainside, cross the creek, and climb back up to the trail we were on. They pointed out the spot where they chose to make their descent and my blood went cold. You can’t really tell from the photos but the sides of that ravine are quite steep and the boys had not only picked one of the steepest spots of all to climb down, it was a rocky, north facing slope that still held a thin layer of snow. The descent was far more slippery and treacherous than they realized and they all exclaimed that they’d wound up slipping a few times. If one of them had lost control of their fall, it would have meant tumbling wildly down a thousand feet of hillside, battered against jagged granite outcroppings the whole way. Even the oldest boy (who seemed to be the son of the hunter) was visibly shaken by the experience.
The theory right now is that her end-of-contract bonus is based on the cumulative weight gain of the station population.
A policeman from Primrose SAPS was charged with pointing a firearm after a dispute in Bedford Centre’s parking lot on 23 August 2011.Source: Bedfordview journalist Brian Mchunu. The policeman’s service- and personal guns were also confiscated. This follows allegations that he pointed a firearm at a white motorist after an argument over a parking space at Bedford Centre on Friday, August 12 after 3pm. Bedfordview SAPS, communications officer, Sergeant Mduduzi Nhlabathi, said that the unnamed off-duty Primrose policeman parked his personal vehicle behind another car and went into the shopping centre.
Race: White
Care Bears Kingdom of Caring
Lying on my chest, falling fast asleep while I sing
I think I’m getting a cold…eeeurgh. Noooo. I’m lying in bed, and I can’t breath through my nose at all. I think my immunities are really bad. Aw man.
Djoran struggles to get her thoughts in order, and finally steels herself to ask the strange lady, “Where are we?”
I have been so blessed.
Guan Eng: Scrap section on false news – Thursday, April 19, 2012 – 15:26 – by T.K. Letchumy Tamboo – Lim Guan Eng
I guess I touched on this in point 1. Now that we know ourselves better, strengths and weaknesses, and feel strong enough to thumb our nose at society if we want, we can design our own future. So what if we have almost been on skid row early into the piece. It was a fantastic way to look at living creatively and figure out how we want it to be. Different opportunities have opened up to me this year which I am so happy about. I had a chance to be part of an iPhone App project, and in my enthusiasm to help (see, doesn't helping feel great?) I paid for a course and upskilled myself. As a result my plans for my future have a new dimension. I have nearly finished my own eBook for Kindle (although admittedly I do have a wee way to go on a related iPhone App, but I'm getting there). It has opened up so many more opportunities and paired with the other work I am plodding along on, could cause a completely different future to happen.
Someone whose personality will work well with yours. They may be skilled and experienced and have a Really Big Name, but if they’re too brusque or intimidating or hurried or busy, move on. Someone who really gets who you are and what you do best and are excited by your project. I want someone who’s been around the block a few times, who won’t waste my time encouraging things that won’t sell. I think you want to like them enough to work with them, but they’re not your pal. They’re a business partner. Feeling cosy with them, however personally comforting, is less important than feeling certain they have your best interests at heart.
Anywhooo.. you still have 4 days to enter Make it Crafty's current challenge - Autumn Colours. You can check out the DT’s projects in the gallery.
I know, I know.... It's been forevah since my last post.
Why did I ever stop blogging? How am I going to remember all of the details of W's last three months? Remember all of the ugly and beautiful minutiae of life leading up to now? I felt uninspired after Christmas, overwhelmed by my job, bored by the monotony of the week’s routine. But wonderful things happened and sad things happened and the hardest part of my job happened and here we are now.
I show the young woman with the stylish hair-cut my Royal B.C. Museum ticket, the one I paid $15.00 plus GST for.
My event is all about cooking street foods in our own kitchens nice, clean and hygienic. You can make any dish that reminds you of eating on the streets. For me its always gol gappe and tikki poori on the streets of Bangalore. You can make anything from chaat in our style or sandwiches famous on the Mumbai Roadsides or even Dim Sums from the oriental.
5.) Abolish the current tax code… in favor of a new consumption based tax code at the local level of government all the way up to the federal government. use a national sales tax and use tax to pay for all governmental costs other than carbon (gas tax) and other user taxes that are paid by the users. Abolish the death tax. go to a new Workforce Labor tax of 15% of your gross receipts (whether 1099 or employee) and as such this 15% would be placed into a secure and permanent fund that would issue each worker and contributor a voucher for their use on an allocated formula to purchase the following benefits, (healthcare, retirement, disability and unemployment) insurance from qualified and regulated private vendors approved by the US Government. This would then create a matching 15% dividend investment tax on all profits for individuals and as such give parity to the concept of what workers pay and the rich. The national sales tax would ensure that everyone is paying their fair share of the cost of government, which is not meant to be draconian just fair. Obviously we would need to exempt certain items like groceries, insurance, healthcare, etc. from the tax. The abolishment of the local property tax system in favor of a voucher system of your local sales tax expenditures would go to the cost of education and give consumers choices in the quality of their children’s education. A flat 3% gross receipts tax for corporations that have 3 employees or less and have revenue of less then $1M per year and 5% of corporations over $1M per year. Reducing all the gaming of the current system.
Many parents today parent from a place of fear. The decisions they make about how to parent are based on fears about possible negative outcomes. If I don't do make my child do chores, go to bed on time, and say please and thank you then my child may not grow up to be a socially acceptable, responsible adult." or "If my child doesn't do their homework, get good grades and play a team sport they may not be able to get a good job when they grow up."
I might suspend a few paper birds or fresh flowers inside. (In his new book, Flair, Joe Nye offers advice for using whimsical pieces without getting cheesey.) A small bar could be set up next to the antique cage.
I decided to surprise my Singaporean guest by taking him to eat Singapore Chicken Rice (SCR) in Labuan.....he he he!
Having already perused the menu on the ride up, I was already fairly sure of what I was ordering, but I used the 15 minute wait to check out everyone else’s food. I was right, it all looked delicious and my selection would be the best choice. The decor of Miss Mamie’s was decidedly 1950′s, and I felt I could have been somewhere in the south. We sat down, and ordered drinks. To my joy, the Iced Tea was in fact Sweet Tea, and that, my friends, was one amazing jar of sweet tea. They added mint to it, so refreshing.
Here's the doc with a recent TV appearance:
So how then, are we to begin to reverse this spiral?
4. An outline for the Renaissance and Protestant Revolution Lecture Notes has also been posted on Google Docs. Please print them out
She hasn't. I don't want her to, because I also have a second purpose in my "report", or "homework" as I often call it. I want him to get a picture of my state of mind. What I can do and can't. What I think is important.
Our normal time portal, the Minnesota Renaissance Festival actually celebrated its 40th anniversary this past summer. We missed it, being stuck on the East Coast for the time being.
The vividness of my dreams is a side effect from my medication. It hasn't been as helpful for my anxiety lately. I still have been stressing and nervous a lot, to the point that my face has been breaking out and my eczema has gotten bad again. (I get a kind of eczema that when I get a lot of adrenaline in my system my body will actually push it through the skin - usually on my hands - and it will create a patch of tiny blisters beneath my skin that burst in time causing the top layers of skin to die and peel off. It's just lovely. -.- ) So, when I visited my psychiatrist yesterday we talked about it and I am going to try a different one. This makes me very apprehensive because of my bad experiences in the past, but what the hell. lol I'm already big so might as well make the switch before I lose the weight I gained, just in case. xD In fact, the one we're trying says there shouldn't be weight gain (it's unusual, anyway) and could even help me lose weight. I was like, "Myes!!! Thata one!" Hahaha! So, I will stop taking the one I've been on and start the new one in about 6 days or so. Then will start the body adjusting to new medicine for 2 weeks. v.v A time I never enjoy. But, hopefully after that it will be good. I've known a few people that have used this medication and it has helped them at different levels. I think I'll get a haircut, too, and enjoy the changes. ^_^
2) Put the black and white sesame seeds in a non-stick and dry fry (without oil) with a wooden spoon over a medium-low heat until they are fragrant. Set aside.
We find the concept of sacrifice running all the way through the bible. Many scholars believe the first animal sacrifice was made in Genesis 3:21, when He made for Adam and Eve garments of skins and clothed them. But how does the idea apply to us?
Now all I need is an accurate pseudo hot dog and there will be nothing missing in my life.
*inhale*
Make a card, LO or a gift for a friend.
Here's my completed faux ribbon strip, up close:
*”Stannis is my king, but he’s only a man.” “Don’t tell him that.”
The growing sense of a life lived upside-down, escaping the gravity and dense mass of my own history to become lighter...do others experience this?
Granahan has been placed on modified duty and stripped of his gun and badge until a departmental investigation is conducted.
It seems churlish to complain about winning a free ticket, but it did typify some of the organizational glitches that hit this inaugural event. A few days beforehand I was sent a flurry of emails, all in triplicate, reminding me to print off my ticket – except that some of the tickets had ‘complimentary’ on them and others said ‘EventBrite completed.’ Then another threesome arrived from VIP Tier 3 (the expensive, have-Stan Lee’s-autograph tickets) telling me to print off my VIP ticket – except I hadn’t paid for one. 20 minutes later yet another trio of emails headed ‘Error please disregard last email from us’.
We went over to the camels in their old kind of run-down stalls and I saw them eating. I walked over to one and pet it and it let me. THen it looked at me. I was afraid it was going to spit at me, but it didn’t. Then we got on the camels.
It's too emotional for me.
1. He talked with His hands,
Downside? It felt like it took forever to read, because there were just SO MANY stories. And sometimes they got so insanely descriptive I had to re-read a few pages just to make sure I understood what was being said. Also, it ends on a cliffhanger.
A woman with us gave him some food and she pulled him inside the room, and so he joined us as we all ate, drank, and talked.
I have temporarily misplaced the dog and have no idea where he is in the apartment. I greeted him this morning when I woke up but when I got back from going to the toilet, he was nowhere to be found. I'm sure he'll show up again but this is a new one to me. He must be gaining his independence as he never is far away from me.
Evelyn was able to release her fears and prejudices after reliving a past life as a Nazi officer and a future life as a teenage Arab girl.
I guess it would mean involving solicitors as well, because we do have equity in the house and as such with my wife moving on it could bring a formal separation / divorce to the fore.
No longer my own life,
The other day, I saw my "dad" out and about. He didn't see us. We were running errands as my husband was off due to the weather.
Mobile Roadie has just added iPad apps and mobile websites to its self-service toolset, a big move beyond its iPhone and Android app offerings. The Finnish company counts 20 million end users across its platform.
More recently I saw a trailer for the upcoming (2012) movie Red Tails which is about the Tuskegee Airmen of WW2 (the first African-American aviators in the US military). This movie features some incredible air combat sequences including an appearance by the Me-262 (albiet a fateful one)!
Add 5 items to your shopping cart and then enter the code VANILLA
About a year ago I saw a remarkable photo on a blog - the embrace of a mother and daughter. It had been a surprise reunion; the daughter had arrived home without an announcement and somebody snapped the shot. I was astonished at the amount of emotion displayed by the mother's face even though so little of it was revealed. And I knew I would draw the embrace some day.
Not everyday is a strong day. Despite keeping busy and talking with friends, I still felt sad today. Not so much because I no longer have my wife, per se. I can honestly say that if she came begging for me to take her back, I would not even consider it. But the emotional hole that has been left in her absence can still be felt. I don’t like being alone.
1 pm Saturday
Below (in nine parts!) is one of the band's more memorable shows from The Wetlands in New York City recorded May 12, 1997. Though very dark (and I mean in terms of poor lighting for the video camera) the sounds more than make up for it!
We took advantage of a sunny day to shoot at a park in their neighborhood. Grayson and Baby Graham kept it rolling for me as I kept coming up with “just one more idea!”
I’m like a kid in an electronics store over this man. And I would have missed him—or delayed our meeting—if I hadn’t snagged a random mystery^^^ off a shelf two days ago.
One-half teaspoon cornstarch
“Bethany! Bethany!” William struggled to keep his voice from descending into sobs.
“And I, brethren, could not speak unto you as unto spiritual, but as unto carnal, even as unto babes in Christ. I have fed you with milk, and not with meat: for hitherto ye were not able to bear it, neither yet now are ye able. For ye are yet carnal: for whereas there is among you envying, and strife, and divisions, are ye not carnal, and walk as men?” 1 Corinthians 3:1-3 (KJV)
Ted Williams - San Diego Padres
When it's cooked, that chicken will just fall apart. It might need a smidge of help from you and a fork. But it's rather effortless.
A big thanks to Kyoshi Baer for the training suggestion at a recent seminar!
February is also a time to start thinking about landscaping. Why so early? If you're in a warm climate, it's not too early at all. In Florida, trees and shrubs can be transplanted. Evergreens and summer flowering shrubs can be pruned, but just as in cold climates NEVER prune spring flowering shrubs until after they bloom. You'll be cutting off the future buds.
The problem, of course, is that you only get to do this once. We enjoyed the "No Sleep Till ... " and "Brownstone Ballers" T-shirts, and we enjoyed the "shoes hanging off a telephone pole" motif, along with the general good vibe, 'cause hey, how couldn't you? (Whatever your issues with Bruce Ratner and the nefarious ways this project was put together are, there is something viscerally exciting about having a basketball team in Brooklyn, at a base level.) But the Nets' plan, considering how bad the team is and how unlikely they are to sign Dwight Howard or keep Deron Williams, is to simply sell Brooklyn itself; the borough is the message. And, he warns:
Amanda has had her hands full the past week or so taking care of her family of little ones and also taking care of me and all of the men folks at my house. She has become a very capable young woman and has been willing to serve her family without complaint. I am VERY proud of her.
All of a sudden, for some reason the last thing in the world I wanted was another soda. “Nah, Dave. That’s okay. Let’s just play some more, or we could just head home. I’m good.” But Dave was already walking back towards the street, his keys dangling from his fingers.
THIS one:
They are shy and awkward around me. Pieter Grobler does most of the talking; he’s a little older, with a full beard and a body like a bear.
This book was particularly gut wrenching. Anyone who has had a loved one wrestle with addiction knows the psychological damage the people around them suffer and the reader can’t help but empathize with both Mac and Isabella. Seeing a happy Ian and Beth add to the depth of the knowledge and progresses the family’s story a little more.
Starflowers
Yesterday after reading a few inspiring post, I decided I wanted to try and get at least 20 items listed in my Ebay store. I started pulling things out in between homeschooling and getting them ready to take pictures. My plan was to knock out at least 10 listings during naptime. I wrote up a few description, snapped a few pics, and sat down to start round 1 of uploading everything on to Ebay. Then I noticed the USB cord end that connects to my camera was sitting in it crooked. I got it to straighten up, but when I tried to connect my camera to the computer it wouldn't work.
But the cat’s trying to get out of the bag, so I might as well let it out.
The FDA recognizes the fundamental risk of psychedelic drug treatment is no different than the risk associated with other drugs reviewed before. “They decided they would put science over politics and permit research to go forward, says Rick Doblin, director of the Multi-Disciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies (MAPS). MAPS is a drug development firm that funds FDA-approved clinical trials to examine the potential therapeutic uses of psychedelics.
But it’s not persecution! It’s prodding; provoking you to righteousness. All those things are biblical and the only way to thoroughly equip us for every good work. In other words, it’s the only way to become a useful part in God’s plan to bless the world and redeem it through Jesus Christ. Time to grow up!
Here is an actual picture from a texting while driving accident. There are even worse ones that I won’t post.
20. Verso Il Campanile (00:45)
She is sitting with her pussy on my leg holding it tight with her own legs while I shake her on the music beat…. I touch her legs with my hand feeling her soft pantyhose… I’m so hard right now… I lean down to the floor with my face touching her legs and slowly rising up and shaking my head against her hips, her belly, her tits and finally lost among her hair I delight myself with her hair smell.
know what to do if an agent knocks at your door
The most important thing to note about this quote is its date. Like Ronald Reagan and many others, Churchill moved from Left to Right during his lifetime and the above quote was uttered while he was a member of a LIBERAL government led by Lloyd George. And below is part of what Lloyd George said about Hitler at a much later date (Daily Express, 17.9.1936):
Sam might well be saying, I told you so.
Cholula and her all-white-girl backup singers are starting to get along a little better. At least they're not trying to peck each other's eyeballs out or locking beaks as often. One of the white girls has become obsessed with the mirror and hangs upside down and sideways trying to impress her reflection. The other white girl found the bell that Cholula has ignored for the last year and has figured out how she can stand on top of it and yank at it to make it ring. Every morning, now that the weather is a bit warmer, I open the window so they can call and respond to the birds outside. It's all a big scam. If they ever met those wild birds, they'd try and kill them too.
It is most remarkable that, while honestly confessing their entire ignorance of the true Nature of even terrestrial matter—primordial substance being regarded more as a dream than as a sober reality—the physicists should set themselves up as judges, nevertheless, of that matter, and claim to know what it is able and is not able to do, in various combinations. Scientists know it (matter) hardly skin-deep, and yet they will dogmatise. It is “a mode of motion” and nothing else. But the force that is inherent in a living person’s breath, when blowing a speck of dust from the table, is also, and undeniably, “a mode of motion”; and it is as undeniably not a quality of the matter, or the particles of that speck, and it emanates from the living and thinking Entity that breathed, whether the impulse originated consciously or unconsciously. Indeed, to endow matter—something of which nothing is known so far—with an inherent quality called Force, of the nature of which still less is known, is to create a far more serious difficulty than that which lies in the acceptation of the intervention of our “Nature-Spirits” in every natural phenomenon.
10) Like & +1 Count - Everyone likes to be liked! This metric tells you how many people like your content by clicking a “Like” button on Facebook, or “+1″ button on Google+.
If that weren't enough....which is usually the case the me, later that day I got an email from Classmates dot com that said my high school yearbook (1977) was available for viewing. I lost my yearbook in 1978 when I went to Idaho. I asked everyone I knew that had one and they lost theirs over the years as well. I tried contacting the high school but the school merged years ago with another and they had no old yearbooks. So for 34 years I've been trying to get a hold of it. Sure enough, I went onto Classmates and someone had scanned in the entire year book from 1977. I couldn't believe it. I saw my picture and showed it to Bruce. and as I was scrolling through, I saw a picture of our football team scoring the winning touch down at the Thanksgiving Day game against our rivals. Here's the pic...
and that was beyond flattering to me
If your boss is a controlling perfectionist–and you choose to stay–don’t keep ruminating about what a rotten person he or she is or expect that person to change, Then operate within that reality check. For instance, if your boss instructs you how to complete a project, but you add a few good ideas of your own, realize this may or may not fly. If you non-defensively offer your reasoning about the additions, you’ll be more readily heard. However if your boss responds, “I didn’t say to do this. Please remove it,” you must defer because of the built-in status difference in the relationship. Putting your foot down–trying to control the controller—will only make work more stressful or get you fired.
Yeah, it's race weekend.
I’m going to keep this short if that’s okay with you for a couple of reasons. First, my body has made me readily aware of how old I am after a vicious two hours of racquetball. Second, MY PARENTS WILL BE HERE TOMORROW!!!!! So we have a lot to do to get ready for their arrival. I can tell they are excited because they keep sending me pictures of our dog Molly and our cat Shadow in their suitcases. (Parents are awesome.)
Discover that there’s a dance party happening at the Bowery Ballroom.
in all the world.
Hope you liked these cards. Tomorrow I have a "twisted" Valentines Day card to share that my stamping neighbor and I came up with for a girlfriend of hers to give to her hubby. It truly was TWISTED!!
In an interview with the Al-Watan newspaper he said: "In case of any future Israeli attack on Gaza - as the next president of Egypt – I will open the Rafah border crossing and will consider different ways to implement the joint Arab defense agreement."
And finally, of course, we came to Nottingham to visit its Cathedral. Nice enough building, fairly undramatic, but we did learn one thing there on Friday: There’s more to Blue Nuns than a cheap German wine; the actual founder of the Blue Nuns – one Mary Potter – is entombed in Nottingham Cathedral, and her work itself might be another idea for a Nottingham trail.
1028 D-X/29/1988. “Democracy and Philosophy: On Yves R. Simon and Mortimer J. Adler.” Annual Symposium, American Maritain Association, The University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, Indiana. (Incorporated in Item C–1989(7), above.)
In addition to the generalized asceticism that bound the varying approaches together, Hadot articulates three primary “exercises” that he feels united the different schools in one way or another, despite their doctrinal differences. These exercises are probably most closely related to Stoic and Epicurean practices, though many can be seen in Neo-platonism, that grand synthesis of Ancient schools, as well as in parts and various other ways in Platonic, Aristotelian, and other approaches.
Happy Friday! Whew, what a week I just had. My blog was seriously neglected this week due to parent teacher conferences for my kids, no school for my kids, basically my kids. lol I did however, get outside to start putting out some of my spring decor. It was so lovely and warm that day, and guess what, it's snowing today. Typical March weather. We have a remodel coming up real soon so I need to start seriously finding my paint colors. I have been desperately trying to find the right combination and just couldn't get it. Just the other day my Romantic Homes magazine came in my mail and there it was. My inspiration! I love this color and room. I decided to try the color in my living room.
The Heavenly hardcovers were the hot sale item! Everybody LOVED the artwork. That was cool.
she went to the closet and got the dustpan and broom out all on her own.
In selecting these school sites for Year 4 and 5, the Ministry of Education required the Halton District School Board to work collaboratively with the Halton Catholic District School Board and the Region of Halton, and consider the following criteria: available space within the school, availability of purpose built kindergarten rooms, community factors including demographics and local needs, impact on co-terminus Board and regional child care, and identified needs in the Board Improvement Plan.
No matter what the reason, doing this takes away from the power of your voice. Time to change the habit.
My Mother taught me so much in her lifetime, but
Prime Minister Baburam Bhattari broke off from political negotiations over forming a new government to visit Kharapani village, which was washed away by the flood.
To begin, it isn’t easy. You have only one chance in ten, compared to the usual one in seven. As an interior country, Germany can have potentially many enemies or many friends with conflicting interests. To win, Germany must use these neighboring powers to its own advantage. This requires unceasing diplomacy combined with the right strategy and flawless tactics. A lot of luck doesn’t hurt either.
Right now we still are having transportation issues but WE KNOW GOD WILL MAKE A WAY!
-You won’t regret spending time with your family.
Yet, just across the Hudson River, in Newark, the opposite is set to occur – less breastfeeding, higher rates of obesity in the hands of Nestlé.
In order to claim to help families, you should be teaching love, acceptance and compassion for our fellow human beings. Shouldn't this organization be one that people turn to for support, love and acceptance? Isn't that what your christ would do?
the bedrooms of the poor
That’s why it seems so important to figure out whether the rich are paying their fair share. It is a crucial question…
This is a follow-up of the refugee claim by a White South Africa, Brendon Huntley in Canada. He was originally granted refugee status in 2008, but when the South African government heard about it they threw their toys out of their cot. In any case, the judicial review of his granted refugee status was overturned by the Federal Court yesterday. It appears that the pressure that the Black racist ANC government of South Africa put on the Canadian government to revoke the "racist" decision, played a huge role in ensuring his refugee status was rejected. It seems that Canada only takes Tamils from Sri Lanka in as refugees - they have more "believable" stories and are the right shade of brown. Whites from Africa need not apply. Canada was one of the countries that put untold pressure on the Apartheid government to dismantle Apartheid - the result of which is that the country now has the highest rape and murder stats in the world. Shame on you Canada. Oh, and Mr Kenney - how does it feel to be the SA government's b!tch?
Answer: A grizzly bear, a blue tarp, or a rusted out Chevy Camaro. Old timers also swear by tall fences, junkyard dogs, and Plantskydd, a blood-based repellant. Good luck.
To make up for this shortfall, all kinds of city services have been reduced or eliminated and many city employees will likely lose their jobs. Luckily for me, police and fire department personnel will not be reduced (for the time being).
This thought came to me during the show, after about 10 beers. The Octopus kid said about Susan's show (yep first name basis), "Damn, I think Bob's probably creaming himself now!" Heh...probably more than once.
In search as always.
It was a long ride home and, as if you haven’t guessed it, Mom turns to me and says, “Do it again, see if you like it.” I didn’t!
Unlike the previous generation, he doesn’t have the capacity for long-term revenge – maybe because he knows he’s not long for the world.
By Lois Cairns
Now that you know a little more about bed bugs and the products used to control bed bugs, you need to know that HR 182 merits your support.
Hey there, intertubes. How's it going?
In some ways, being a family of four is much more convenient. We no longer have to wrestle with decisions like: Do we opt for the bigger hotel room (and bigger price) or settle for the inconvenience of a roll-away bed? Can we squeeze a chair on the end of our restaurant table of four, or do we wait for a bigger table to open up? Every time we easily slide into a booth at a restaurant, I miss Paul. I thought longingly of him when we qualified for the discount rate at the resort because we were a party of four. No more squabbling over who sits in the far back of the car and who gets the middle. No need to spring for the extra set of headphones for the car DVD player… it comes with two.
And how about Donald Pleasance? Well, in his first scene we see him talking to an old colleague who says it's great for him to be away from everything and be retired. Loomis agrees, and then the colleague says that Loomis should...come back to work. Did anyone ever actually proofread this script? Not to mention that Loomis actually agrees, again. Despite the fact that he's been doing it for four straight movies now, I guess the studio was just that strapped for cash that they needed to get the poor old goat to go at Michael again. Even though I'm pretty sure he does nothing in this movie anyway, so whatever.
I once worked for a particularly horrible agency in Canary Wharf, a place that was about as friendly and characterful as your average Jubilee Line carriage in rush hour, and my life was not at all improved by having to pass through Canary Wharf station every day. The chrome and glass and echoing spaces of the station tactlessly underlining our status not as workers or individuals, but components. Which, right, I get, but what does that make Norman Foster?
There are three steps to the arm movement: outsweep, insweep, and recovery. The movement starts with the outsweep. From the initial position, the hands sink a little bit down and the palms face inward, and the hands rotate outward and move apart. During the outsweep the arms stay almost straight and parallel to the surface. The outsweep is followed by the insweep, where the hands point down and push the water backwards. The elbows stay in the horizontal plane through the shoulders. The hands push back until approximately the vertical plane through the shoulders. At the end of the insweep the hands come together with facing palms in front of the chest and the elbows are at the side at the body. In the recovery phase the hands are moved forward again into the initial position under water. The entire arm stroke starts slowly, increases speed to the peak arm movement speed in the insweep phase, and slows down again during recovery. The goal is to produce maximum thrust during the insweep phase, and minimum drag during the recovery phase.
Everyone went home happy and we were back home in time for tea. The man who tried to do the toilet on the ladies’ seat had to stay in Glasgow – I’ll bet he didn’t get spaghetti hoops and chips for tea!
The majority of the most successful children’s characters and series start with one book which does so well that follow ups are developed and planned, so I wouldn’t recommend setting out to develop your own ‘brand’. The publisher’s editor, designers and marketing people will be the ones who can plan this on the most expert basis. The authors’ job is to make their initial story, idea and characters so irresistible that more commissions will develop.
Since I don't have any pictures to share with you right now, I will share a hilarious message we received during the trip from our friend Kevin, who checked on things around the house while we were gone:
His campaign team has found a way to remind voters of the historic achievement that was the killing of Usama bin Laden. He clearly couldn’t just say, ‘vote for me I killed UBL’. No, instead he will use it as a way to explain how he hopes to bring America together. An America that isn’t working together due to the divided government in Congress and the Republican presidential candidate who wants to oust the president.
The Arrowcar- It sucked, people hated it, it went away.
Last, but certainly not least is the iced beverage glass. The iced beverage is used to hold water, iced tea, and other non-alcoholic beverages and is the most recent introduction of the bunch. The bowl of this piece is substantially larger than in the other pieces, so it is intended for beverages that you and your guests will most likely be drinking larger and more frequent sips of. Although the pieces that are intended for wine are great to own, you might find that you'll use the iced beverage most often.
In the end, a book trailer is an advert for a book. I resent spending my time watching a video for this purpose. It's probably because I'm an old curmudgeon, but I'd much rather have written words than a video. It's all a matter of scanning.
The contest was organized by different organizations, including the Association of Regional Centers of Mecca and the National Company for Exhibitions.
Removed “Try Again” Error.
Below are five videos that show Nevermind producer Butch Vig breaking down songs from this amazing album. Very interesting to watch! It puts these songs into a whole new light...
If you journeyed this far you are ready to do one more thing for me before the social event: buy yourself some silk underwear. Do it for me. Or let’s just say that until you realize why you are doing it for you…
But the awards were all about the East Coast. The Best Pictures these two years were for films set in Hoboken, NJ and the Bronx, respectively. Much of the cast of On The Waterfront were actually at the New York ceremony, including Best Supporting Actress winner Eva Marie Saint (pictured below), her pregnancy concealed by a jacket as she mounted the stage to accept her award. (Here's the video of her win, again highlighting the difference between the New York and the L.A. ceremonies.) Best Director Elia Kazan was also here to accept his trophy. Marlon Brando, however, was out in Los Angeles, apparently where the fun was.
It can pay all debts, eliminate a mortgage, leaving their family in a debt free home, it can provide cash to be invested to replace the lost income of a breadwinner that dies prematurely. It can provide money for children’s education.
If it makes sense for your book to straddle two genres, be sure to put it in both of those genres in the Kindle catalog so readers using their Kindles can browse to it from either genre.
Yet, it has evolved into a new dynamic. To understand Malaysian politics today, it is important to appreciate its diversity and pluralism.
Orange County Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. set sentencing at 9 a.m. Thursday for Casey Anthony. She faces up to a year in jail on each of the charges she lied to police.
Ground Lamb Frittata with a side of half avocado and half pear.
I also went unto the scale today and realized, that I lost some! So, I´m motivated. One reason why I´m also loosing easier theses days, is because I have awful stomach aches, when I drink coffee or eat a lot. I think, I should go and see my doctor, but I try to treat myself first. I´m taking some medicine that I think could help and had to stop drinking coffee. It´s quite difficult, because I LOVE coffee! So, I´m drinking a lot of tea now and I hope, it can all get better without going to see the doctor. There is a swiss doctor here in the city. But he won´t give me just some medicine! No, he will say: "How can I know, what is going on in your stomach without a gastroscopy?!" Have you ever had a gastroscopy? They put this innertube (or how do you call this thing in English?) into your mouth and all the way down into your stomach. It´s awful! AWFUL!
“Quotidian Theatre Company’s Dancing at Lughnasa will bring a bittersweet smile to your lips and a warm feeling to your heart.”
So, what is my pagecount?
None of these look much like Aloe Vera. All but one have spikes, and the one without spikes is a much different color. Here it is. The exact species is not named, but it's the variety Aloe 'Quicksilver.' That probably means it is some hybrid. Collectors and succulent gardeners have been playing with these plants just as much as the usual garden flowers.
‘This was no boat accident!’
On a more fashion conscious train of though the necklace I'm wearing in this outfit is so strange and interesting. It has the shape of a tooth inside the triangle. I actually cannot stop wearing it at the moment .
Sewing has already started, so I'll be bringing you the first garment from my new list very soon.
sharing my vacation photos.
"During the latter part of the voyage, the vessel encountered rough seas and heavy swell with predominantly west to south westerly weather. Problems were first noticed at about 2200 Western Standard Time (WST) on Saturday 20 July when it was found that the forepeak ballast tank had filled with sea water causing the vessel to trim by the head. The vessel was about 55 nautical miles (nm) north west of Lancelin. At about 2000WST the ship was noticed to be down by the head. Speed was reduced and course altered to 090T to bring the weather on the beam and ease the effect at the bow. Efforts to pump out the tank were unsuccessful and it was found that serious structural damage had occurred to the ship's forward hull section. At the time of the incident the wind was westerly 35 knots and a gale warning was current.
The wave came rushing in, then splashed over the cage.
Almighty God, maker of heaven and earth and all that is in it,
The first on my To-Moan-About List today is people who think its acceptable to be over affectionate in public. Now im not talkin about people hugging or holding hand or even having a little kiss, Not at all, im talking about the people who look like they are eating each others faces. This is something that should be kept in private, WE DO NOT WANT TO SEE IT IN THE MIDDLE OF A SHOPPING CENTRE!!!!!
Of course the tone of the responder makes a huge difference, so here’s another balancing act of 1) being understanding and 2) making the listener understand another view-point without being too harsh.
It has been said that the best way to identify a counterfeit is to really know the real thing. It has been told to me by one who has experience as a teller that banks train them to get the feel for the real paper money, and when a counterfeit passes through their fingers it is almost immediately identified. Do they study the counterfeit? Not at all. They get to know the genuine article.
This incident has stayed with me all my life. It has grown in importance as I have grown in understanding. It is a wonderful example of how much one person can get over to another without a word being said. He sympathized with me, and did it perfectly by the simple clasping of my hand.
Maybe the fried food would help with my memory issues? Hmm...
FUCHSIA PAPER FLOWER: eBay or scrapbook supply
PICCIRILLO B, GAETA T. Survey on use of and attitudes toward influenza vaccination among emergency department staff in a New York metropolitan hospital. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2006; 27: 618-622.
Check out my pics, swatches, stats, and review... click on pics to view them larger.
This record simply sounds like no other. From the 1-2 radio-friendly punch of Teenage Lightning and the title track, through the majestic Stripshow, The Human Face and Highland Rain, and finally the unsettled and unsettling Endgame and When A Man Dies, Doll By Doll achieve that rarest of aims: absolute timelessness. The album could have been recorded in 1969, or last week. That it evokes a Britain (and Europe) about to disappear forever is the only clue to Gypsy Blood's moment in time.
I have been planning the interviews though, and already set some dates as well. I suppose some people are already out of office this week so I’m not expecting everyone to reply immediately. That’s why I also suggested some dates in May. I thought to tape the interviews on my phone but now I’m considering getting a basic digital voice recorder, e.g. this one, which can be plugged into my laptop’s USB port. For editing and transcribing the interviews I’ll probably use Audacity. It seems now that I will handle the interviews and replies anonymously but taping the interviews makes sure that I don’t miss anything important and I can listen instead of writing like a madman…
For video and television vox pops, the interviewer approaches people “in the street” and asks them simple questions about the topic. These people will be new to interviews and will often be nervous, flustered, giggly, etc. It’s therefore important to make them feel comfortable and relaxed.
Its crafty craft week. This weeks crafts were thread wrapped sunglasses and a shredded tie dye t-shirt. Both these projects were super simple and took less than an hour to make. For the sunnies, I used my favourite crafty staple…embroidery thread and wrapped it around the arms. Then I braided leather to make a strap. I put loops on the ends to make the straps detachable- better for fancy free summer music festivals than in the winter when it can get caught on my jacket/hood/hat and ruin my attempts at being hip and cool. Onwards.
Here are 7 things about myself:
Or Die (2nd); 2010 Comply Or Die (12th), The Package (UR 19th); 2011 Comply Or Die (PU bef 29)
It is not for any Prophet to take illegally a part of booty (Ghulul), and whosoever deceives his companions as regards the booty, he shall bring forth on the Day of Resurrection that which he took (illegally). Then every person shall be paid in full what he has earned,- and they shall not be dealt with unjustly. (V.3:161).
- I have completed the first draft of my first fiction novel and I am currently (albeit very slowly) occupied with the first re-editing stage.
But not many knew about the prophecy written in the early years after Christ’s birth. A prophecy which speaks of a foreigner who will unite the land through magic and passion. This is her story…
Later the same day, I go for a walk through the dark woods up towards the bluff, and I see this huge bird again, ahead of me. It lands in a tree that’s quite close and not too tall and now I get a good look at it. Even with my overdeveloped ability to doubt, I am forced to admit that this is an eagle, because I remember that buzzards don’t have white heads. This, I can see now, is a HUGE bird, and as soon as I recognize it, it whomps its gigantic wings and slowly rises, shaking the little tree wildly as it does so.
For example, some parents who do the whole cloth diapering. Which I am all for by the way, it just doesn't fit into our lifestyle because we don't own a washer and dryer, and it's just not conducive with out life right now. I have found that a lot of parents (mostly moms. I'm sorry but it's true), who do cloth diapering have this attitude that they are better than you. Like the woman I overheard in the Pampers aisle the other day.
Verse 1:
The end result will be a rich and creamy mayonnaise mixture, ready to use.
And the tops of my grubby borrowed jeans.
And thus, I love winter in Paris. It provides a dark, dismal, unapologetic, multi-month challenge that pushes you to your breaking point, but offers various olive branches along the way—pretty hanging lights, vin chaud, chocolat a l'ancienne, and a great excuse to drink serious red wines and then crawl into bed.
When Black Friday comes I'm gonna stake my claim
This morning, divers from the Boca Raton Police Department joined Delray Beach police and fire-rescue in a renewed search of the canal that divides Delray Beach and Boca Raton, even using a remote-controlled submarine to scour the canal bottom.
I hope this blog of my 90s (and older) cartoon talk and childhood memories have jogged a few memories of your own to awaken the childish smile and spark in you.
Maybe a trip to the local creamery for some ice cream with the kids...
composition book
Back to the post about duh. I can’t tell you how many times I hear that phrase now. Duhhhh. DUH! You are so DUHhhhhhh! Stop being duh. It makes me absolutely crazy. It’s now one of the words that gets Jack in trouble. I think I said it for at least 17 years growing up. But now it just aggravates that crap out of me. Doesn’t he get that already?? Duhhhhh…!!!
I was recently in this situation and my thoughts are that I should not have to change in order to keep a friend who supposedly knows me better than anyone and I have been there for for decades. I should never be shushed or told to watch how I behave or dress because a long time friend cares more about impressing her new friends than being a true friend to someone who has been there a lot longer than the new people.
David Cronenberg's absorbing tale of brotherly love and terrifying separation has long haunted me, and each viewing strengthens its spell. Jeremy Iron's has never been better, and it remains a disgrace he didn't get the Oscar he so richly deserved.
Pay Day Loan Australia – Paycheck in Advance
His and Her Christmas ... LMN ... 6 PM
Time is short.
President Michelle Bachelet designated the region as a “catastrophe zone” on Wednesday.
Loved and were loved, and now we lie,
The other night while tucking Maeryn into bed, she was being goofy and trying to delay the inevitable. Out of nowhere, she said
WR: Davone Bess; Julius Pruitt
Sky diving sounds more fun and less tiring.
I don’t know, this life that I’ve made for myself here doesn’t fit. I want to shake it off, leave it broken on the floor, walk into the sunset and never look back..
"Gimme! Gimme! Gimme!" - Abba. I will be remembered for the greedy, grasping bitch I am.
The big push at Minnesota’s Capitol to pass a public subsidy for a new Vikings stadium stalled Tuesday, as the proposal got snared in the partisan politics that have defined state government under a Democratic governor and Republican legislative majorities.
Now in the spirit of this story, please enjoy the smooth sounds of D'Angelo's "Shit, Damn, Motherfucker"
9 precooked frozen turkey meatballs
Speaking at a ceremony to outdoor Skyy Plus, Wilson Arthur, the Chief Executive of Skyy Media Group, noted that his outfit saw this commercial arrangement with NGB as very strategic as they were putting together their expertise and television content to ensure that the viewing experience of many homes in Ghana were enriched." (from: http://www.modernghana.com/music/15160/3/skyy-digital-introduces-skyy-plus-in-accra.html).
I believe having good credit is a myth because your credit score isn’t even based on your income! It’s based on absurd things and if you pay cash for things, you don’t need a good credit score! A home loan can be manually underwritten (based on your income among other things) if you put 20% down and do a 15 year loan and that’s what we plan to do. No millionaire will tell you he/she got rich from credit card rewards! Plus we use perkstreet and still get awesome rewards! We don’t want debt in our lives at all. It’s not for everyone, but we feel like we’re doing the right thing for us and we’re excited about it.We plan on paying the last of our car loan off by the end of this year and then we will only pay cash to buy cars and keep saving and trading up so we will eventually end up with a nicer car (even if it takes awhile and we have crappy cars for awhile). Being debt free and having a comfortable retirement is really important to us and a goal that we share. Plus, by living frugally, it allows us to do things we love, like go on fun vacations!
It was a valuable exercise in thinking through what these mean in today's world.
The key to successful yogurt-making is maintaining a constant lukewarm temperature, from 100°F to 110°F, for 4 to 10 hours. Because slow cookers aren’t designed to only make yogurt, temperatures may vary from slow cooker to slow cooker and unless you slow cooker has a warm setting, it will probably be too hot. However, you can still use your slow cooker to make yogurt. Place your milk mixture in the slow cooker and heat on the low setting for about 2 or 3 hours. Turn off the slow cooker. Stir in your starter. Replace the lid and cover the slow cooker with a heavy towel. Do not turn your slow cooker back on. Let sit for about 8 hours and you have yogurt. Be sure to refrigerate the finished yogurt for about 2 hours before using.
Chase defended the show against allegations it glamorised the Mafia by saying that all the characters were ‘half-miserable’.
2) are we simply more aware/ informed of mental illness, or
Which made me ask the obvious question - has Tom Jones had a hand in my frock?
13. The Checkmates - Turn Me On
Yet to find the joy that is truly you
Higdon’s book tells the story of the rise and fall of a Marion County-based group of marijuana growers and smugglers that federal prosecutors called the largest domestic pot syndicate ever uncovered.
Photo courtesy of the Smithsonian's National Museum of the American
Sticking with beauty, I know lots of you are fans of the Boots Protect and Perfect range. I am in fact currently using the eye cream and although my crows feet haven't disappeared as yet, I am convinced the product is preventing further damage, after all, if the Boots research team believe in this range, who am I too argue, so I was happy to learn that Boots currently have a 3 for 2 offer on the range and I am seriously thinking about buying the Beauty Serum. A Serum hasn't formed part of my beauty regime for years, since I gave up spending copious amounts of cash on an Estee Lauder product which the beauty editors swear by, but I am thinking it might be time to give a more reasonably priced product a try.
Oh, what the heck, I’m going to walk the dog. Maybe the elven folks will figure out what to do while I am gone. And did I mention I also need to rearrange it? And get the AC in the window? And… I’m going to go walk the dog now.
Well, I have recently been wondering around the neighbouring county of Dorset today and discovered it was packed with travellers. But now I am safe at home and can rest. Currently, I am listening to "Doctor Who at the Proms 2010" and writing my blog. Which you can tell. I have also been contemplating the idea of writing some of my Doctor Who episodes ideas together and creating a miniseries which I could post on here. I was attempting to write a series with an internet pal, Blacktear1992, however I could not concentrate at all with the writing. But I can now write at my own pace on the blog. Hurray!
and shut up mind and wardrobe doors
Each person commented on the wonder in their own life and how many times God has worked amazing blessings. Through a normal eye some of these events would have seemed impossible but He made them possible. They come in all forms and packages and they are delivered to us at the precise moment they are needed. Then it is time to give thanks, for a blessing has been received.
"Is it far away, Mom?"
This is supposedly the copycat version of The Cheesecake Factory Oreo Cheesecake Recipe. I myself have not had their version, but I did love this one. The cheesecake was dense and moist and delicious. It wasn't difficult to make either which was a bonus. I will certainly be making this again in the future. It's a keeper!
1 porters
Surprised: Surgeons at Torbay Hospital was shocked when they retrieved the bullet from Mr Mitchell's leg
Howard Brenton and David Hare's Brassneck, begins in 1945 and ends in 1973, and Hare's Plenty moves from 1943 to the 1960s; from a prologue after the War to an epilogue in Mrs. Thatcher's Britain of the 1980s. These Marxist dramatists tried to create an alternative history of contemporary Britain.
19. The nutritional information on a jar of mayonaise
book and I will stop there for there are only so many hours in the day.
I usually have a candle propped into this super mini pitcher but for this display I've filled with coffee beans, once again, and stuck in some of my mini cupcake topper sized pinwheels - one with a leaf pattern the other with fall colored stripes.
For over a decade I have been a loyal member of the British National Party.
The fact that when Fifa Vice President Jack Warner did the same thing in 2006 - netting himself $1million - he kept his job?
Tristram Shandy – Sterne
The entire black workforce, which consists of four male gardeners, two security guards who man the entrance gates, and a number of female ‘cleaners’ whom I have not counted, seem to have a rather conceited attitude. But besides this attitude of theirs, which in certain respects can be considered normal I suppose – for they’ve always had this attitude, there is another abnormality brewing in the air, that I simply cannot place my finger on. It is an abnormality that I’ve perceived budding, not only among the black workforce, but also among the ever-growing black tenants who are occupying the complex. I call it the “Kaffir Mentality”, for there is no other term that appropriately describes this.
Blockbuster Video, the place I call my Office, has previous seasons of The Office on DVD and I can and do watch them while I am working. It’s not a matter of sitting around with popcorn and Coke on a couch. It is a matter of hearing the dialogue–which is often all you really need when watching the office. There is some physical humor, but it’s not really the most important thing. I prefer to say I am listening to The Office.
In the evening, everybody sat around campfires drinking beer and socializing before going to sleep in the luxurious tents that were provided. As dusk approached, about 10 native men approached in full costume, including spears and sheilds and Alex was delighted! He thought the men were the "entertainment" for the evening and looked forward to the tribal dance or whatever these guys were going to do.
1. Fever (3:04)
You will have until next Thursday (March 1) morning 6:00 AM EST to link your project.
These we knew the girls would love. You know those wooden dolls that you take apart, and in each layer is another doll...
Last, just a reminder if you are attending CHA
Marc Arciero (bass)
In reality the whole thing probably lasted 10 seconds. In my head it lasted for forever.
My real reason is that I love useful "For Cheap" things....
I have seen the sun break through
Professor Farah of the University of Turin and visiting scholar of Harvard Law School (East Asian Studies) and Professor Thomas Christiansen of Maastricht University, Political Science Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences, discussed the EU External Action toward China on Non-Trade Concerns in International Economic Law.
Has white epaulets
1. Halve and pit avocado. With a spoon, scoop out avocado flesh, cut into chunks, and transfer to a medium bowl. Add orange juice, Tabasco sauce, and coriander; season with salt and pepper. Mix gently to combine.
In a short story I once wrote:
Now granted this one is a little bigger but FREAKIN FREAK! $900!
That’s the thing about autism. Everyone is off in the corner doing their own thing.
- 1 large cucumber chopped into long matchsticks
The symposium focused on holistic lifestyle tips that emphasized brain health for an Optimum Life® in six dimensions:
In those first moments of connection to this script, I knew there was something special waiting at the end of this journey, and through all of the struggles present during this process for me, there is affirmation in the lesson to keep fighting the good fight, for it has brought me to a new place, with new-found connections and encouragement to keep on fighting.
Further, Article 2.5 stresses the importance to respect and safeguard the traditional knowledge, innovations and practices of indigenous and local communities which are related to the conservation and sustainable use of biological diversity. This provision echoes Article 8(j) of the Rio de Janeiro Convention (which is not expressly mentioned).
wedding invitation.
WebMD reported that the study tracked 75,000 men and women over 10 years and found that those who ate the most low fat dairy foods and beverages, were 12% less likely to have a stroke than those who ate the least.
Director Jeff Kanew takes a stylistically straightforward approach with the material, emphasizing the ordinariness about so much of Paul's situation. Hal Holbrook turns in a genuinely disturbing performance. For all of the horror it depicts, it never moves toward sensationalism. Even the scenes involving the five prostitutes in the brothel are handled in such a way that they take on a quality of the ordinary; all part of Kanew's effective minimalist approach.
In this video I just used what was to hand. In this case:
Campy
Snow Patrol were imperious. From the moment they took to the stage, sound was excellent (esp given where we were sat), playing brilliant, they had the crowd on their side from the word go and delivered an excellent one hour forty-five minute set. They now have a catalogue that enables them to pull hit after hit out and from Final Straw to Fallen Empires they aired pretty much what you'd expect but they did it really, really well. A band that understands dynamics (I could learn from these myself on that one) many songs deliberately build into storming climaxes but also they know when to take the instrumentation down, engage the audience or just relax in a quieter phrase or two.
And the baker I'll be
So how can a small business brand itself? First, it’s important to understand how consumers currently perceive your company. Do they think you sell cheap products or high-end products? Do they perceive your business as classy and trendy, or cheap and dingy? Conducting a short survey with customers will help you better understand how they perceive your business or organization. If you’re a small retail shop, you can ask customers a couple of questions as they check out and record the answers. Or, you can supply them with a post card with a few short questions that can be filled out and left at the store, mailed back in or returned at the next visit. Offering the customer an incentive (say, 10% off their next purchase) is a great way to encourage customers to participate.
The final poll results were pulled and the program scrapped 2 days before final release. The reality of course that nobody could deal with (and this is what still be-devils SA even today) is that it revealed the fact that there is no racial harmony and consensus between the races. Whites have their heroes, and blacks have their's.
Then the serious work began, where to have lunch and how to find Cesare Scorza who runs a local winey and with who I had a tentative arrangement to meet. No sooner had I started thinking about this when, glancing up, I noticed that I was standing right outside Cesare’s shop – so you see I couldn’t get lost. The shop shares the name of Cesare’s wine brand, Burasca and it was crammed with foodie delights, a wide range of local wines, honeys, sweets, salamis, oils and sauces – Liguria is the home of pesto. Lemons grow in abundance around here, so there were lots of lemon flavoured things, especially Cesare’s own production Limoncino, the Ligurian lemon liquour.
Regardless of the hair, Stone has been slected to portray the role of GWEN STACY. And there seems to be a lot of importance attached to this casting so THRALL WORLD is led to believe that MJ might not figure as prominent in the SPIDER-MAN initial reboot movie as producers rewind and start anew the telling of the popular comic book hero.
2 World of Trouble 5:34
11 - What's A Place Like You... (6:24)
Thank you for being a friend
Giving helpful advice such as how to explain to your Mom that as a teenage blood curdling denizen of the night you would like to paint your cave bedroom black without having a shouting match over why you don’t like the way she painted the stalagmites bright pink to go with the large stuffed pink bats hanging from the ceiling.
Lace, paper-flowers from WOC, Vintage Seam Binding, ric-rac, pearls,
Does anyone know what I mean?
She was told they were right on schedule. I was a bit skeptical, but we got there, right on time, and lo and behold, there were very few people there; a bit miraculous for a mid-afternoon appointment.
I don’t want to get to the end of my life…the end of my time….and realize that I never really lived.
THE OCCUPY MOVEMENT IS ALIVE AND KICKING
'You don’t need to do all this, we can do it,’ he chastises me.
A graphic designer from the Netherlands has developed a new way to help tackle his dyslexia. The font is called Dyslexie and it has proved to decrease the number of errors made by dyslexics while reading. The font works by slightly changing the shapes and appearance of certain key letters of the alphabet that dyslexics have particular trouble with such as "d" and "b" to make them more recognizable. Christian Boer developed the font while at school in the Netherlands and a fellow student conducted a study and found that there was a significant reduction in reading errors by dyslexics when reading in Dyslexie as opposed to Arial font.
After some reading of wire reports, I think I got a handle on the shortage. Starting at the end of last year, there were reports of patients experiencing allergic symptoms such as difficulty breathing, rapid drops in blood pressure, nausea, and vomiting after single doses of heparin. In February, Baxter Healthcare Corp. issued a recall of heparin after many more reports of reactions including some deaths. Later Baxter announced they were suspending manufacturing. A couple weeks ago B. Braun Medical Inc. and American Health Packaging issue a voluntary recall as well.
“Why don’t you take a hike, Ratchet.”
hung on the cross, He staked His life on the stake of life – the cross – so you
Hello! Here in the UK, we’re experiencing the hottest March on record and no-one is complaining!
CALLER: So what makes it OK for you to say the word?
There's a minimum of added sugar which means the natural flavors of the pumpkin, coconut, and banana can speak for themselves. If that sounds like an unusual combo to you, I'd urge you to give the recipe a try. It's more sophisticated than your average banana bread and a little sweeter than a classic pumpkin loaf. As with my Chicken Crispers, the coconut is the secret ingredient, lending enough tropical flavor to brighten any wintry day, and elevating a simple quick bread to almost celebratory fare.
Ok now here is my video showing the products with a few tips thrown in.
pudding mix
You’re like me
- Drinking Less. I know, I know – this is apparently antithetical advice for a breakup. But really, I don’t enjoy drinking by myself as much as I do with others. Feeling buzzed alone doesn’t result in more fun, laughter, jokes or silly antics; it results in me feeling light-headed, sad and lonely – and then promptly falling asleep in my clothes on the couch. Giggles are best shared. Why else do you think karaoke is synonymous with drinking? (This guy is an apparent exception to this rule, as he seems very, very happy to belt out Bohemian Rhapsody while drunk as a skunk in the back of a police car).
There are times now when I still get angry about it.
This is the person cheerfully sitting with the dumbest person, possibly in the entire world, and decides it is their responsibility to explain everything that is happening throughout the entire movie, so that ol’ half wit can keep up. Sometimes the half wit is a child, which does not excuse this behaviour. It is still completely fucking unacceptable.
1 important
In last few weeks, many of you might have seen posts related to a wonderful friendship chain of food bloggers and non-bloggers alike called "Arusuvai". The moment Priya and I saw it (and I am sure many of you too), we so wanted to participate in it. But, then when we contacted the creators, we got to know that it is only for bloggers from India. Then, we kept thinking what to do to participate it.
I have some flannel that I want to make into lounge pants. My timing always stinks, finishing something at the end of the season. But then I pack it away, with little use and when I pull out again, it's like I have a brand new item. Mind games work wonders on me!
In my chair
Interesting times.
14. Grow Till Tall
The home computer was glitchy, kept showing abstract images of rings of yellow and bars of red. I watched only for a few seconds before getting dizzy. Yellow and red.
But then I needed to get some tasting notes together for a column I do in the local weekly paper (nice source of pocket money), so Tuesday afternoon I popped it. Okay, I'd made a mistake waiting this long! The beer smelled rich and malty from almost a foot away, but it was not thick and sweet on the tongue: smoothly refreshing (sounds like a 60s beer ad, I know, but it is), a little hop bite up front that swooshes into lightly chocolatey malt with a slight crunch of roast; saunters off into a clean finish.
Aeryn
Yet, on the other hand, when will this stop? Is the craft industry falling under the persuasion of big business? In other words, are they coming together to create these conglomerates at the expense of the experience and atmosphere of the local brewpub?
Instilling a culture of risk taking
RELATED: Injured Occupy Oakland Protester Awakes Before Brain Surgery
Happy Tuesday everyone!
A memorable evening that was at Cook’s Barn last Thursday! A group of ten very keen Francophiles (of varied levels of French) set their eyes on stunning views of Brittany landscapes to the haunting sounds of music by Yann Tiersen (made familiar because of the sound-track of the film “Amélie Poulain”).
Cynics would possibly argue that whatever’s happening here is more akin to the American Civil War, if one must make a comparison between this conflict and whatever conflict the United States is involved in.
Misery loves company. When people begin to think “well, I have a shitty job and deal with it, so you should just get a shitty one and deal with it”, we have major problems. Too many adults are not doing what they dreamed of, and all too often their advice only sets up the next generation for failure. That’s why people clearly unhappy with with their work are yelling at protesters to just shut up and fall in line. If anything, that will be the hardest demographic for Occupy to win over–the group of discontented 30 and 40 year olds that believe that’s not only that it’s how the world works, but how it SHOULD work.
"About reading, children learn something much more difficult than reading without instruction - namely, to speak and understand their native language. I do not think they would or could learn it if they were instructed. I think reading instruction is the enemy of reading."
The Lord has made us to be creatures with souls and emotions, like Himself. With this comes a desire for friendship and relationship. But, so often, we can easily develop negative feelings towards people: anger, bitterness, envy, jealousy. Even in our own families, it can be easy to find fault and to get in arguments.
Céline: Oh, no laughter? That’s terrible. My parents have been together for 35 years and even when they have a bad fight they end up laughing like crazy.
Please wish me luck.
Fabric – Fast becoming Bradford’s cultural engine room: they list events, provide courses, give artists a leg up and seek out new and exciting talent… and much, much more. Make sure you take a look at what’s on offer! If you want to make, see or experience art in Bradford, Fabric must be your first call!
The funny thing is that the tech community have long delivered services in what *could* have been called cloud, but wasn’t. The evolution of computing, as characterised by high speed connectivity, massive scaling of computing power and cheap cheap storage combined with significant innovations in virtualisation and distributed computing (all of the above in terms of both costs and reliability). Add a weak economy and the related need to reduce the costs of sale and to reduce overhead in general and we have pretty much created a ‘perfect storm’, the nature of which we haven’t seen since the appearance of a systems architecture approach known as SOA (a topic for a future conversation).
I went straight to the bike section, which I had been perusing for months. To my surprise I beheld what looked like a bike parade. Dozens of people riding bikes in the aisles, examining accessories, discussing with the bike techs their various options. The fabulous staff were jovial and actually laughing, because it was such a madhouse.
Paper pieced Diamonds and Hexagons - beautiful antiquey fabric. Usually my camping project but we haven't been camping for 18 mths.
***May contain spoilers***
My ability to tell you about her is desperately poor compared to her own writings. If you’ve never met her, or only know her superficially, read her in her own words. Start anywhere, read in any order. An exquisite human being will reveal herself to you. Ronnie is the Zombie Princess incarnate.
I've milked the cows, day after day. In a way I curse them, the cows, but they're also warm and serene when you lean your forehead on their flanks to attach the teat cups. There is nothing as calming, as protected, as a shed full of sedately breathing cows on a winter's evening. Day in, day out, summer, autumn, winter, spring.
"Wait a minute," one old bitty said. "I don't wanna see ya'all's snake. What kind of place you runnin' here? Honey, have you seen his snake before?" she said as she edged closer to the chair and nudged me slightly.
Papers White card inked in Dusty Concorde Distress Ink, punched with a Martha
The atmosphere Gustainis creates with his writing is fabulous. From the first page you get a feel for not only who Stan Markowski is, but also in what kind of town he operates. While some of the characters were archetypal, the fact that I thought them so might be due to the fact that I've read and watched a lot of police procedurals. There is the rugged, older main character, with his younger, slightly goofy partner, the gruff squad captain with his heart in the right place and the sexy, sassy female cop love interest among others. And naturally, the cops and the FBI have a hard time playing nice with each other. But archetypal or no, these characters are definitely a bit different, as they are part of a police squad that deals with occult crimes, that means crimes involving or committed by supernatural creatures ranging from vampires to ghouls and goblins. In fact, Stan's partner Karl and his daughter Christine are vampires themselves. Not having read the first book in the Occult Crimes Unit series, I'm not sure about much of Stan, Karl and Christine's back story, other than that it involved getting Karl and Christine turned into vampires to save their lives – or undeath, such as it is – but we do see Stan having mixed feelings about this change in his partner and daughter. There is a lot of hidden depth to Markowski's calm exterior, which makes him interesting to read about, even if a lot of that depth remains unilluminated, though I can't be sure whether it's truly unknown or things revealed in the previous book. Karl, with his James Bond obsession and his rather unique perspective on their case, is a good foil for Stan's serious demeanour and their verbal exchanges are some of the highlights of the book.
Deep inside your soul
When Lil’s husband got demobbed, I said -
But these are my notes, and I will make them.
This Government, just like the previous Labour regime, must stop announcing schemes, only to underfund them, and then blame local authorities for failing to run them properly.
Now for this weeks TOP 3 and Winner:
Home improvement is a broad topic that includes renovations, repairs and upgrades in interior decorations, gardens, lawns, outdoor structures and furniture. It is aimed at beautifying one’s home, remodeling an old house, repairing furniture and fixtures, and becoming environmental friendly. No matter what your intents are, you have to do good to get the desired results you want.
Absolutely beautiful.
And she is doing some shows with Dave Matthews this summer–but of course not the show I have tickets for. That is also my luck. My DMB show is right next to Brandi’s home, during a summer when they are performing shows together–and yet. . . Nope, not mine. I have written both parties to let them know it is imperative they perform together at The Gorge. We will see if they heed my request. . . I have doubts.
-removal of contracts and workers’ rights
Grease a 20cm springform cake tin and line the base with baking parchment. Preheat the oven to 200°C.
I finally did it, yesterday, I hit the pool. Wow, did it feel good! I peeled back the cover and stepped into a cool pool, swam for a half hour and then got out. The air felt chilly, as I stood up, and falling back into the water felt warm in comparison. It did a nice job of taking down my core temperature, which is one of the things I like about having a pool. I am pretty sure there will be a repeat performance later today, since the temps are only going to continue rising through the weekend. The dogs are beginning to use their little pools, as well, since it’s heating up.
blood is for kids.
Vaughan Rapatahana / An Interview and Three Poems / 6
Then I thought of all the other terrible parts of the city, from our mayor, to Etobicoke, to the amount of people violently railing against the very progressive majority and it dawned on me that I love every part of this city and even though I can see it’s failures, I will defend the failures and the rest of the city against any yokel from Kitchener or Whitby or Oakville that tried to downplay how great this city is.
He is waiting. Just ask.
~I tend to really ramble on about those companies I love, but ESPECIALLY those that reflect a certain level of creativity. Vintage enthusiasts are my target audience so if you specialize in Pin Up Glamour, Vintage style clothing, handmade items, collectible antiques, or anything else that would be intriguing to those of us with a propensity for classic glamour etc., please consider promoting your store here. Each sponsor will receive a blurb in one of my videos as well as a blog post dedicated to their company.
A bit of digging cleared things up. My grandmother seemed very old to me, but she still didn’t seem old enough to have seen and remembered BROKEN BLOSSOMS in 1919. But the film was re-released in the early thirties with a synchronized score (just as, more famously, BIRTH OF A NATION came out with a new prologue featuring Griffith and Walter Huston). And it probably didn’t do Griffith’s reputation any good. Audiences, drunk on the heady wine of talkies, were suddenly exposed to this antique, more than ten years old, before all the developments of silent cinema in the twenties, and partaking of a cod-Dickensian aesthetic and world-view which must have seemed positively primordial. I get the impression that the 1936 remake (by John Brahm) didn’t set the world on fire either.
When the chicken is 3/4 way cooked (it’s okay to cut it to gauge doneness), either remove chicken from pan or leave in pan and cut it into 1/2 to 1/4 inch strips. Add diced tomato, marinara, wine, red pepper flakes and garlic sea salt. Heat thoroughly, stirring occasionally.
But what if we flip this scenario? Said mom comes into a coffee shop and sits down at a table across from that same child but she has no knowledge of who they are. Then the child is just a stranger and the feelings of love do not present themselves.
“Mom do I have to go back?”
(As a tribute to one of my favourite films - Galaxy Quest - I will say 'Minors not miners"! )
"On your birthday, I find you wherever I turn. I will say that I have loved aspects of you, hated others, and could not understand many more," he wrote in a second.
Theodora 1:19 Theodora 1:19
This banner has the ribbon thread in front of the flags instead of hiding in the back.
If you are open minded you can see the inherent problems for British Christians as they see the Muslim population of the UK increase proportionately year on year and refuse under any circumstances to integrate with the indigenous population. As a local Muslim gentleman once explained to me; the difference between a good Muslim and a terrorist is the level of violence. Both wish the indigenous population to convert to Islam, they simply disagree upon the methodology. I had previously read such things elsewhere but to hear it spoken in person in a mild mannered matter of fact way I found quite chilling.
After that I moved in and keeping-the-blog-up-to-date ground to a thorough halt. How many times can you photograph bare soil and make it look interesting? Over the last couple of months I have dug over all the bare areas removing the biggest stones, trying to take the comfrey out of the hazel bank and adding barrow after barrow of rotted compost. And then the magic began - all those plants I've been collecting over the months finally found a home in the soil.
Stop laughing, it was 1982, and you were wearing headbands and legwarmers. Oh dear, you're still wearing legwarmers? They're trendy again, God help us all. I was looking at the sale ads in the Sunday paper, and some truly awful styles (if you can call them that) are back. Black and white wide stripes? Are these really necessary? Only if you're in prison and it's the 1930's.
It's not brain surgery or rocket science, but some ad agencies would have you think it is.
The good thing about having your own car is, if I am out and I have an attack of the mentals or anxiety or whatever I can get in my safe little car and drive home, when ever I like.
Have a wonderful week everyone!
I need to take pictures of our new home but since I have not yet located the camera downloading cord thingy it is rather pointless. It is funny how many things are misplaced and how many things I have found again thanks to the shake up of all our stuff.
Trying to make it home in 3 hours to take her to go
Your local food pantry and community arts centers are also great options, especially if you want to give within your community.
But I don't mean that literally. I do not see any of the hostilities which boiled over in the last regular season meeting between us, spilling over into Game One. But the Dueling Coaches are a great backdrop though. Aren't they? - Selective Memory vs. Just Shut Up. Classic! There's no secret to me either. I am a Tortorella Ork. I will blindly grunt and battle for him. But I like your guy Peter DeBoer too. I think he's a damn good coach for the Devils. And like some, I feel like he got shafted by Florida. But that's the Panthers' loss, on two counts. The rest of the series remains to be seen. However, both teams have reminded everyone listening or watching on TV - No, there is no love lost between them. Henrik said it too. So Let's Get it On!
11 nothing
She heard a door bang shut. It was so loud; it must have been someone in the flat, though she couldn’t imagine Auntie Joan or Uncle George ever actually slamming a door. Then suddenly, there was cousin Vivienne, laughing and saying hello. All in one movement, she seemed to drop the embroidered strap of her bag from one shoulder, unwrap the long striped scarf from round her neck, shake her long hair loose, and scoop up Carol for an eskimo kiss.
Makes 20-30 fingers
Attendees will enhance digital learning with online educational resources, and learn to use technology to become more effective in school and in the workplace. For more information, please contact Borough President Markowitz's office at (718) 802-3700.
Mom’s gift came in today, and but I wasn’t at home when the delivery guy came, so she came to know about it, eventually. I know, I know–all the surprise ruined. But she said she likes the gift, and it’s the thought that counts, so it’s not so bad now, is it? I think not.
A few of you have missed me and for that I am grateful. I miss me. Some days a catch a glimpse of my old self – she comes out and gives me a swift kick up the derriere and tells me, “Stop feeling sorry for yourself,” “Don’t let the ‘black dog’ get you,” “Think of all the people worse off than you.” I tell you who I do miss – Woozle. She would tell me what to do.
The rest of the month was pretty easy going. She had follow ups from the hospital stay and also physical therapy. It was very light physical therapy because we all felt like she needed a break and to be able to just concentrate on staying healthy.
I just don't seem to be able to get my feet under me. Oh, I go and do a bit hoping that seed of effort will bloom into more than idiocy. Somehow, before almost any time, I find myself right back here, writing words, reading what I can, and laughing and cringing at a world gone mad. I'm not really addicted to the net, I'm simply not able to keep my focus on anything. Sure, that could be a sign of addiction, if you believe in pop, and some real, psychology. Going without the net, games, or such just leads to more sleep. I would at least like to be conscious more than not. So, here I sit. Refusing to sleep until... later.
Maria wanted to ride her bike tonight. I was so tired and had not eaten dinner yet but I agreed to a bike ride because (1) it’s good exercise for her and (2) it gives us some time together after a long day at school and work. Mario ended up meeting us at the park (Jon dropped him off because he was so upset that Maria and I had left without him). The two of them bee-lined straight for the spruce tree with the awesome climbing branches. Maria climbed up to nearly the top of the tree like a little monkey and Mario stared in amazement. He got up the guts to climb up a few branches.
Our professor prompted us to write down all the things that described us.
The film begins with three short stories which all revolve around extraordinary incidents of coincidences from uran legend. They set up expectations that the relationships involving the large cast of characters will wid up overlapping in extraordinary ways.
There is a lot of discontent around. Not here mind you. Out in the world it seems though and at work. Things are changing and not all for the good. My valley seems immune and I guess I am reluctant to dwell on things while I am here, lest I bring discontent home with me.
While the romantic elements are dominant, I found that the story was strong, and it was easy to stay interested. I’m happy for the chance to support my Blogger buddies, but I’m happier still when I’m enjoying a good story in the process. I’d highly recommend this book, even if you’re like me and do not naturally gravitate towards romantic stories. Cheers, Tali, on a job well done.
Secret Love - Sinéad O'Connor (Doris Day W’53)
A half second goes by and I immediately realize how stupid the move was. I'm in a vulnerable place, and we're about to start the worst part of my spanking.
could help me get better I WOULD LOVE TO HEAR IT ♥
Once everything was ready, I simply applied my hot glue (liberally) and smoothed everything down in place. I have no shots of this part because I couldn't risk the glue drying... but you get the idea, right?
Here is a good example of why Kṛṣṇa is named Mādhava (“sweet”). He is the supreme independent power. If he desired he could do whatever he wanted whenever he wanted. But because his heart is sweet and selfless he is humble and feels the need to behave according to the desires of his beloved friends and family. Great sages and teachers headed by Dvaipāyana (another name for Vyāsa) do not foolishly mistake him for an ordinary person simply because he is so sweet. Therefore they offer him worshipful respect. This is quite socially out of place because Kṛṣṇa’s caste at this phase of his life (warrior) is such that he should bow to the sages and teachers. The sages however, know the spiritual truth of Kṛṣṇa’s supreme position and enjoy his sweet and humble role without forgetting that he deserves all respect and worship. Kṛṣṇa, however, is so sweet that he takes refuge in these social customs as an excuse to offer respect and worship to those who love him.
If you are 200 pounds and five foot three, there is no way you are not overweight even if you have tonnes of muscle!
So without further ado its over to the team and their creations to inspire!
The cool breeze touched you,
Despite those titles, power, and pelf,
But I did make my own, very simple, holiday cards and wanted to share them with you.
Cabinet Secretaries Notebooks. The Notebook covering this period CAB 195/13 was released at the beginning of February 2008.
I wish I could say I have outgrown this. Although I did the recommended soul-searching and maturing during my twenties which gave me what is often called “positive self-image”, I still fall prey to the false god of desiring what someone else has.
Mix the butter and sugar and then using electric mixer, mix them till creamy, add vanilla and egg mixture bit by bit and mix well,
Worries about safety are high on the list of what keeps tourists away, but there’s another aspect of the changing Egypt that has people declining to book rooms in the country’s hotels. That’s the shifting political landscape. According to the Guardian, “The first post-Mubarak parliamentary elections have swept political Islamists into office with an overwhelming majority; 70% of seats in the legislature look set to be occupied by the Muslim Brotherhood and the Salafist al-Nour party. The latter has mooted the possibility of new restrictions on alcohol sales and bikinis on beaches, a move which many believe would deal an irrecoverable blow to Egypt’s reputation as a major tourist destination.”
“You are already knowing what is to be done?” Brulee said cheerfully. “Good! Now take this and do as your teacher had instructed, to put light in the orb.”
I went to protests and all I got was this lousy surveillance. Proud parking lot naturalist. My Awards: Time Magazine Person of the Year! 2011 Recipient of the distinguished FBI Out-And-About & Home Visit award FBI Associates Program Nominee 2009-2010 County Parks Taxidermy Squirrel recipient 2009-2010
Day Three was bully. I had been riding beside Douglas, the driver of my Virtual Stagecoach. I hopped down & I strode into the Book Bag (is it a Saddlery?) & announced my Fave Five Western Movies for Kids, and also my 5 for Adults, too. Nobody took a bullwhip to me, and the two lady proprietresses said I had “great taste” so I guess they liked my choices.
Love that’s not honest is not love at all.
-TS
That formula could be the case, but I've decided to remain calm. I've eaten my (cereal with rice milk) breakfast, now it's time to plan for lunch. Yesterday's lettuce sandwich was all right, but isn't enough. I can't keep improvising. I need a plan. I also need a calcium supplement.
Mix together the melted butter, cracker crumbs, powdered sugar, and peanut butter until well blended. Press evenly into the bottom of an ungreased 9x13 pan (or a 9x9 inch pan for thicker bars). Melt the chocolate chips and spread over the peanut butter layer. Chill for 1 hour before cutting into squares.
She spoils her grandchildren rotten, and her nickname for us is "Pumpkin" (except she says it like "punkin.")
2. Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook for about 8 minutes; you don't want to cook it fully since it will be cooked later in the oven. Drain.
Most importantly, no showing!!
But I'm good at being uncomfortable, so
The change is already working. Thanks to about $800 million in public funding, SpaceX and Orbital Sciences are each on track to deliver new rockets and spacecraft next year.
Ahmet was selected from 600 students in his high school. Because of his request for an agricultural community, he landed in Plainview, Texas, a High Plains farming town that knew much more about football and Baptists than soccer and Islam. With an easy smile and open heart, Ahmet embraced all that was good about Texas - its people, friendliness, love of beef, and even the cowboy hat. He was a favorite in our school. My husband and I were traveling to Turkey and I wanted to find him.
Two house wrens are singing in the yard, one by the deck where there are two boxes available and one that has loaded the back bluebird box with sticks (I cleaned them out today). There are two wren house in the back he could use, I try to discourage them from nesting in the bluebird box. However, wrens are protected so I can't trap him. I haven't seen any females yet so they may not have arrived.
As local election campaigns were beginning to take off in Kirklees I noticed the Labour Candidate for Newsome had set up a Twitter account. I was naturally going to follow her. She had a few initial followers already including prominent Labour Cllrs. Very soon I discovered I’d been blocked as a follower and after a few initial tweets from her all went very quiet. Twitter is a good way of letting everybody know what you are doing and thinking and during an election campaign. If you are targeting a seat you don’t particularly want your opponent to know what you’re up to and what streets you’ve been on . Fortunately for me the oldest form of social media ‘the community jungle drums' pretty much kept me abreast of what’s was going on, who was on the streets, where they were and what they were saying on the doorstep – ‘Street Twitter’. ‘ Electronic Twitter’ went into ‘silent running’ mode like submarines keeping a strict silence lest they be discovered by the enemy above.
For breakfast, I used my free birthday drink card a few days early. Since I had to sit through meetings from 8 am to 3 pm, I figured a venti would be a good route to go. I also picked up a perfect oatmeal and added the mixed fruit, a scoop of Sunwarrior, and loads of cinnamon.
auhm is the name of my solo project. (ambience guitar player and songwriter Youn Sung Hoon - better known as the primary guitar player of Donawhale)
'10% is usual'
The pain in my plantar was tons better today…but NOT 100%. The Strassburg Sock is working well – as is the Trigger Point therapy. But, I’m not there yet.
failure is optional.
FARRRRRRRTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!
For years now, … been calling on Apple to make its set-top box impressive. I’ve wanted a host of features that the company is seemingly against offering. And time and again, it delivers products that in no way impress us. At what point will Apple finally understand the needs of today’s “living room” customers and deliver to them what they want?
In the same way that I entirely condemn the bombing of the of the King David Hotel, the bloody slaughter of Lari village, and the evil carnage of Church Street Pretoria, I also, with equal vigour, condemn and reject the monstrous acts committed by Anders Behring Breivik on 22 July 2011.
OSWALD
You didn't think I would leave you this weekend without coming
Extant populate areas also impart themselves fine to modern design features that can comprise impressive flag, geometric shapes and current furnishings pieces. People can buy furniture coverings with vibrant colors and design patterns to compound the modern affect plot and design. The living live instrument posture out and grouping can savor the modern seek when they contemplate and behave in the chance.
This week I feel like I made some decent progress. I've been working on scrap projects and haven't actually purchased fabric in quite a while. I don't have a fabric stash per se, but I had accumulated a fair amount of scraps over the last year or so since I started quilting. And now I'm feeling pretty good that I have depleted the majority of my scraps and will be looking to start something "from scratch" pretty soon. :)
But it’s all good
get an xbox live store and stock it with apps just like iTunes.
Dear One,
Helen Crossin-Kittle, 34, Larchmont, N.Y.
Here’s the general theme I came up with: a fitness blog that explores my burning love for exercise and shares some of my adventures in healthy (and occasionally not so healthy… I’m only human here) cooking, sprinkled occasionally with some light fashion, home decor, and lifestyle stuff. All of this on an EXTREME budget. (Get it… Pennies on the Run? hehe, another friend came up with most of it… she gets the credit!)
When I read this, it really fired me up to keep persevering in the often-difficult task of getting my stories down (see the “Multicultural Mandate” section).
My children have encountered it too. I encourage new friendships and get them involved with new people. Luckily they have done well and are making fast friends. It breaks my heart when my son looks at his old yearbook each night as he goes to sleep. I know he's trying his hardest to move on. My oldest (9th grade) recently spent the weekend in our old town with some friends. It was a sad and hard good-bye. Lots of tears.
Three days before she passed from an unexpected heartattack on New Year's Day she left me a beautiful letter. She told me how proud of me she was for being a good mother and wife and how she marveled at my ease and confidence in entertaining over the holidays which apparently was something she felt she never mastered. Such praise and recognition was uncharacteristic of my mom as was anything written with a hint of affection longer than the one sentence notes she left in my drawer as she preferred to let Hallmark do the talking for her with a simple signature of, "Love, Mom." She also tucked a $50 bill in the letter for good measure which was true to form. This financial gesture sent its own message from the Depression Era teenager who once was the sole supporter of six family members. This also touched my heart and made me smile.
This is one of the pictures that I’m considering turning into my holiday card this year. I took several pictures of shrubs and bushes that morning, one was against the house, this one is against the barn, and the last was against the garage.
"To those of us who lived through it, there's no need for a special anniversary," said John Sorrentino, now retired from Engine Co. 205, who spoke to the gathering. "We've gotten through this as a family. Why? Two words: Never forget."
Another lawyer at my friend's office, another successful and wealthy man in his late 40s/early 50s, one day complained to his father that the family had spent more money on his sister's college education, who'd attended an Ivy League school. He calculated that his mother and father had spent $39,000 more on her education than his, as he'd gone to a school with a lower profile. He felt he was owed that money and told his father as much. The father gave it to him. My friend knows this because the father, who frequently drops by the office, whispered it all down for her.
I am a lucky girl.
birthday wishes :: mine include a pool boy, unlimited funds, and a guest house full of shoes. how about you?
he has made the last three months an adventure.
Wednesday night – 25 minutes XBOX Kinect Adventures (mostly the obstacle course game)
“Very good,” Drahzen said, “Now, of course I don’t expect you to do this without getting something in return. So I promise you that, once I am Emperor, you will be promoted to Master of the ISS. Assuming, of course, that you carry out the task I’ve assigned you.”
We need positivity within ourselves or we will truly get, as Wendy puts it "the contract we deserve".
By looking at things that way, it's impossible to not see how inextricably everything is linked.
hearing only the music of life
A quick note about the yellow fondant balls around the edge of the cake. To get them the same size - if you are anal like I am - roll out fondant to a consistent thickness. Cut out circles and roll them into balls. Magic!
I have a hair appointment tomorrow (woo hoo!). It's about time I get this mess cleaned up.
"Gee," you're probably saying, "that story wasn't very good at all. What was the point of all that?"
I just use the heroes who love to save the day,
Thanks for the prayers and well wishes. Today was a good day. I'm slowly adjusting to diabetes, though my mom freaks out about everything. She has been baking me especial biscuits
Welcome to the Close to my Heart New Product Blog Hop! Over 40 Fabulous Close to my Heart Consultants are celebrating the upcoming release of the Autumn/Winter 2010 Idea Book by giving you a Sneak Peak of some of the great products available in the new Idea Book starting September 1st!
I get feisty. It's a fun kind of feisty that has trouble staying on the correct side of our respect lines. I tease and cajole. He's tired and it's not his favorite time for teasing. I'm tired as well and I think that may be why it happens. I need a little attention and I act out for it. I know, super mature! I've been trying to knock it off and had been doing well but last night I went there again.
Trine 2 is a well designed game that has a good balance between puzzle, platforming and action. Braid and Limbo, two other downloadable side scrolling puzzle platformers have good puzzles but lack the flexibility and fast paced action which is why I am more fond of the original and the sequel. The game looks and sounds great and playing with other people can be enjoyable. While there wasn’t anything significant added to the game the focus on improved puzzles and combat is enough. The game is $15 but after see the work put into the game is well worth the purchase.
Travelling gear?
A: The Pacific
On Saturday TYSA hosted an all-girls soccer tournament on the cow pastures that he’d turned into soccer fields. 8 high school teams came. During the byes in the tournament, TYSA had arranged for the girls (ages 10 to 14) to attend two learning sessions: First, a doctor talked to them about female reproductive health. As mothers are reluctant to talk to their daughters about sex, menstruation, and adolescence, this might have been the only time some of these girls actually get told about their bodies. For a few, it was visibly too late: some of the girls attending were already mothers, though none were over 14 (according to the rules).
The woman told investigators that Wilson threatened to beat her if she didn’t make money for him, and she said she felt like she didn’t have a choice because she had no family in Florida.
who settle squabbles peacefully,
What is the inspiration behind One Thread Fair Trade (OTFT)?
HG rating 5
kitty litter
Sheer hypocrisy radiates from Pakatan leaders who on one hand preach the right to freedom of expression, right to assembly, but do nothing to ensure the right to personal security or to respect a differing opinion.
This past weekend 3 of my friends came to visit me for my birthday night out. Unfortunately I left my camera on the table in my flat (we were in a bit of a rush to get our trains the next morning!), sooo ... you'll have to wait to see those photos!
The results are not what I expected, because I started off looking for my usual August suspects, berries, plums and apples...And yes, there were plenty to be found...but in amongst my ramblings there was actually TOO much to collect...I ended up eating much of the fare on offer, especially wild plums...Man, all colours and sizes: Red, deep purple, yellow, pink, red, greenish, oval, round, small, large....etc. I could have brought back kilos of the stuff. I ate it all instead, as I walked.....
06 peter gunn
Me: We are on a family plan. I contacted Verizon tonight. I am changing my plan tomorrow. But it’s too late.
2. Editing can oppose as well as complement writing. I know a lot of people who can edit as they go along, but I can't. It kills my momentum.
"He who owns this diamond will own the world, but will also know all its misfortunes. Only God, or a woman, can wear it with impunity."
Also, last night I was kept awake by my brain mentally re-writing scenes from 'Brake Fluid', so I suspect my little break isn't going to last much longer.
Highly recommend Passy Sephora if you're not so worried about paying full price, but want someone to explain the stuff you're spending 35€ on.
i do not even know myself
Records — Briarcliff 12-1.
I'm doing a thing, over at the House of Paincakes blog network, sort of a contest thing where the winner gets a weekly series in front of a larger readership than I have ever dreamed of amassing. Have been for a while now. Didn't want to talk about it on this blog because Posting About Blogging is something I try not to do. Content uber alles, and all that.
On the shore are these 6 heart shaped rocks.
Author: Ann Hodgman
“If there’s something below an F, you’re going to get it for that,” snapped Brodsky. He suggested that issues like public authority reform, the Jets stadium, and congestion pricing were driven by unaccountable executives.
BY THE POWER OF THE MOTHER OF MERCY AND KNOWLEDGE (a), KWAN-YIN,* THE “TRIPLE OF KWAN-SHAI-YIN” RESIDING IN KWAN-YIN-TIEN (b), FOHAT, THE BREATH OF THEIR PROGENY, THE SON OF THE SONS, HAVING CALLED FORTH FROM THE LOWER ABYSS (chaos) THE ILLUSIVE FORM OF SIEN-TCHAN (our Universe) AND THE SEVEN ELEMENTS:—
My ranking of the Beer bars goes:
What did you learn?
Buddha replied: ” If I am eating, can you feel that you are full?”
The authors conclude:
And there's no concept of abandonment
Parents of Connie (days off 12) Patience (8) Salvador (6) Judah (4)
Other NT confessional material includes calling Jesus “Christ” (Mk 8:29b, par.; John 1:15–27, 41; 7:41; 9:22; 11:27; 20:31; Acts 9:22; 17:3; 1 Jn 2:22; 5:1), calling him “Son of God” (Mk 15:39; 16:16; Jn 1:34, 49; 11:27; 20:31; Acts 9:20; 1 Jn 4:15; 5:5), and calling him “Lord” (Rom 10:9; 1 Cor 12:3; 2 Cor 4:5; Phil 2:11; Col 2:6).
Thanks for the recommendations/reviews:
Dionne: I was shocked by the extent of the
“Well that’s what we’re here for, to make you better. “ Tammy pulled out a form from one of her files and started filling it in.
And plenty more! — L.
If I have said it once, well, I will say it again. FlyerTalk is one of the best, if not the single best, online resource for do-it-yourself travel planners to learn how to save money on travel.
Love, not words, wins arguments.
Until then, advertising will continue to decline. If they get to the point where they're irrelevant (and that's not very far away) then nothing will resurrect the trade. It will become the equivalent of used car sales.
What happens in the film? During Episodes 1-3, the Jedi find ‘the Chosen One’, discover the Sith are returning to power, witness the formation of the Galactic Republic (and the rise of the Galactic Empire), acquire the Clone army, engage in the Clone War, are betrayed by Anakin and pushed to the brink of extinction. And then, Darth Vader rises…
Brigitte Cookie Cutter
10 years later Clover is still very much in charge even though her body is starting to show signs of aging. Clover has gone completely blind in the last half year, although she still gets around the house just fine. She still knows when it's time for her pellets or greens, and she gets sassy when she isn't fed on time. She also seems to know when someone is eating grapes or an apple and will show up demanding her share.
Rules are for Grown-ups: One cop’s struggle with enforcing laws at work and living lawless at home.
Quench my troubles,
Cayman Islands Real Estate
* No more measuring or spilling. Just toss one in!
To avoid the distraction of things, I must seek first the Kingdom of God and His righteousness (Matthew 6:33). It is how I deal with things that is one of the primary factors God uses to determine the extent He can trust me. Secondly, I must avoid the distraction of people, who can be sinners, saints, or backsliders. If how I regard things determines the extent God can trust me, it is how I deal with people that determines how much God can use me. Therefore, I must deal with people without being distracted.
The aim was to improve the hydro-electric scheme there, adding a turbine to the two already installed. This was part of a project that has so far cost more than £29 million, and was (and still is) regarded as an essential part of the hearts and minds campaign in the region.
5-4-11 Outside knitting with my neighbor. Youngest son, age 3, is being a pill! Goofed up the cables (look closely you can see on the left glove where the cable went the wrong way) because I was distracted with his behaviors. I left it as a “I meant it that way” accent to the glove.
So that’s what I did.
Late night inspiration:
It would appear this high frequency electromagnetic pulse is done to “heat” the atmosphere above each station …. possibly to create an “artificial ionospheric mirror = AIM” WITHIN THE ATMOSPHERE, maybe to have some other yet unknown effect OTHER than weather modification, or these pulses could quite possibly be done for the sole purpose of engineering the weather.
Swiftly flow the days.
Growing up, I wasn't socialized as a girl. Despite my yearning and inclination, that opportunity was closed off to me. Being excluded from it always made me wonder how women communicate and relate to each other.
Total: 14 points
Meg was being kept in the middle. DJ mentally prepared to see her as he had when he’d gone to visit combat buddies. The moment he stepped through the door, he knew there was a difference. He hadn’t loved his friends as he loved Meg. It stunned him. All the way down to his toes, it stunned him to see her in the hospital bed hooked up to IV drips, a heart monitor. He knew what each one was but after a sweep with his eyes, he focused on Meg’s face. Gritting his teeth until his jaw ached DJ moved to the bed side.
I loved getting to know Esther Beiler better. She was in the previous book, initially having feelings for Titus, but he was not attracted to her romantically. It's clear she has grown up a lot since the last book, and that her experiences with Titus have matured her greatly.
This week, I would like to share with you this wonderful, yet unique candle holder that I have put together. I decided to name it "Birds of a Feather!" I am sure you all know the old saying "Birds of a Feather Flock Together!" It means that those of similar taste flock in groups! That is how I feel about Blog Land. There are so many wonderfully talented people out there with some really amazing blogs! I am just so happy to be a part of this flock!
The Gift of Time
November 1. My merciful Savior & Lord. I'm daily reminded of my need for Him in my life, His grace, and His cleansing blood.
SACRIFICE: To surrender something of value for something of even greater value.
Use of music: 5/5
Jacob loves raisins too, and the Paul Newman family company sells convenient tubs of organic ones. I have to ration these to no more than a handful a day as well though, for the opposite reason to the dried apple. (Too many can cause problems at both ends in fact: I gave Jacob a lot one day when he seemed a little constipated, and that night the poor little man vomited undigested but swollen raisins all over his crib. Oops.)
And Joel was also the first blogger to link to mine, so there's that. I'm not totally all sour cream and chives - I can get sentimental, too.
She searched his eyes and understood. “You know something more about that, don’t you?”
"Rhi, I thought I had found you a Belgian husband, my friend Hans, I think you would like him. But he just starting going out with my cousin, so I will just keep looking for you"
Powder the biscuits until super fine. Whip the cream to soft peaks, add condensed milk & vanilla and whip till firm peaks form.Layer them in individual bowl and refrigerate overnight *.
I am sorry that every single day, I have to live with the blind, idiotic hatred of my countrymen. Yes, I know jealousy makes you nasty, but come on. This is getting ridiculous.
Article 2 Civil disputes over copyright shall be subject to the jurisdiction of a people's court at the intermediate or higher level.
In doing some preliminary sunglasses research, it seems I want “super dark” or a #4 filter. I grabbed the pair closest to me and see they are a #3, and those aren’t nearly cutting it. My choices seem limited – even more so as a female, and don’t get me started on my small adult/large child-sized head. The choices I have found seem to fall into 2 categories:
jaggary - 1 tsp
The DVDs are higher audio and video quality.
She came, but was silently crying in the seat next to me. In the intermission, she perched on an outside fountain and rivaled it with torrential sobbing. I felt for her, but was unable to console her or accede to what I now assume were her frustrated expectations.
The beds are always made in this vision of mine.
Just what it was the poet poed.
The first is of youngest daughter, and this layout brings back so many memories of her last year at home with me, before she started school (she is now in Year 2). How we both miss that year!! Just yesterday, she said, "Can I stay home with you today, and we can be together like we used to be? We can go out to lunch, just you and me".
A cat died and went to heaven. God met her at the gates and said "You have been a good cat all these years. Anything you want is yours for the asking." The cat thought for a minute and then said "All my life I lived on a farm and slept on hard wooden floors. I would really like a fluffy pillow to sleep on."
….can be so hard to Describe.
I was on that plane, and I’d like to offer my point of view. I sensed no smoke whatsoever, and now investigations have pointed to a faulty smoke detector. Shame on the people that were fearmongering to the press.
This book follows the story of Lev Benioff, a 17 year old boy who is caught looting and put into the same cell as a deserter named Kolya during the Nazi siege of Leningrad. Both thought they were going to be executed, but instead they are given a chance at saving their lives by completing an odd mission: find a dozen eggs for a powerful Soviet colonel to use in his daughter’s wedding cake.
In no way does this operator permanently affect the value of the variable… it is a unary operator that behaves like other unary operators. Just as the expression -a has no permanent effect on the value of a, neither does the expression (float) a.
Mr. H, a keen adventurer and lover of surprises,
whenever his son was late
- turn your dough out onto a floured surface and knead for a minute or 2 and form a ball
There’s nothing in the boot, I seethed, nothing. Get back behind the bloody wheel.
Ministry Official
After undocking from the International Space Station’s Poisk module at 1:38 AM Phoenix time today (8:38 UTC), Commander Dan Burbank of NASA and Russian Flight Engineers Anatoly Ivanishin and Anton Shkaplerov landed their Soyuz TMA-22 spacecraft in Kazakhstan at 4:45 AM Phoenix time (1145 UTC). The three members of Expedition 30 spent 165 days at the ISS.
Whatever clothes you wear
It recommended that the government develop "comprehensive" norms and standards on employing people with criminal records.
So here is a collection of whimsy.....
You can check out the sketch, and all of our takes on Judy's blog Pieces of Me, you really need to check them out, her 11 year old daughter is one of the ones doing the sketches and wow is this girl talented.
4:48 PM – Tsunami Alert Sounded
“It’s my personal belief that true beauty comes from the outward expression of humility and truly loving and accepting yourself. Makeup should be used as a tool to express and to feel good about yourself, not as a mask to hide what you are afraid of. We have the freedom of change and to be who we want to be so let’s have joy in playing with that gift.” – from Jen’s YouTube.
I do like this new approach, but I don’t need the booze and the constant hum of noise I can hear in my room. I listen to Paul Mckenna and I let go, but also I over analyze what is being said. I know he used certain words – like ‘Now’ and ‘Here’ to concentrate the mind. I was actually yawning before I put the cd on…maybe I am subconsciously associating Paul McKenna with sleeping. But once I stopped listening I couldn’t stop listening
Thought
We saw lots of couples on dates, where the girls were riding sideways on the back of their boyfriends' bikes. It looks cute and charming, although my friend Penny, who lives there, said that it feels like a horribly uncomfortable half-body ab workout:)
The human heart really is wired to respond to the needs of others, and often the only thing holding us back is making our minds aware of the needs around us so our hearts can respond.
That means shadow energies creepin' and ghosts of old wounds dancin'.
My husband is worthy of my respect. I, just like Courtney, have had to try to figure out what causes my husband to feel disrepected by me. That can be difficult sometimes. There are still times that I am disrespectful - and totally floored when he tells me. What a journey marriage is!
Amahl Bishara, an anthropology lecturer at the University of Chicago who specializes in media matters relating to the Middle East, said complaints about the scarf's use in the ad demonstrate misunderstandings of Arab culture and the multiple meanings that symbols can take on depending on someone's perspective.
And then there are the exercisers. Almost every time I look out, someone is walking or jogging or riding a bike or playing ball or doing something to get into or stay in shape. Every time I see them out there I feel a little twist in my gut and a little voice in my head reminds me for the umpteenth time that I set a goal of exercising almost every day. Wanna know how often it happens? I'm not telling (I am good at keeping secrets), but let's just say I've come to view the sight of the physically fit among the hazards of sitting near a window or on the porch in a neighborhood on a quiet street with wide sidewalks.
Hmm. Well, I certainly don't argue with the first part; I mean I am indeed supposed to be their parent, no doubt. But the second part? I don't know. I'm not sure why I can't be both, or at least behave as though I want to be both. In fact, I think I can be both---not because it sounds nice or seems cool and new, but because it doesn't make sense to me to approach it any other way. But this myth is so strong, so pervasive, that it is a particularly thorny one for many parents. After all, this one speaks to a base, fundamental question: What is, in fact, the role of a parent?
Of course, he was pretty certain that he wouldn’t be showing up for work on Monday, either. If things went according to plan, Richard would spend most of next week talking to the police…maybe even to grief counselors and priests. It was hard to tell just yet.
Lovich
Attributes: Agility-d4, Smarts-d4 (A), Spirit-d8, Strength-d12+4, Vigor-d8
The Jeffersonian Constitution has been misrepresented as much as or more than Jeffersonian philosophy. It was not “strict construction,” a nonstarter, nor even states’ rights. It was state sovereignty. Jefferson (and Madison, too) may be quoted ad infinitum to this effect. The Virginia and Kentucky documents of 1798-1800 spell out beyond any doubt that the final defense of freedom in the American system is the people acting in their only constitution-making identity, that of their sovereign states. The states were the legitimate and peaceful resort to protect the liberties of their citizens and themselves as communities from federal encroachment.
“I’m aware of the existence of ‘the law’, but as I can’t conceptualise it adequately I’m going to stove this man’s face in with a sharp lizard and you will have no power to stop me.”
This one has my little Steiff Gussy cat I bought years ago at a yard sale for a quarter. A lot of money for me back then!
It’s not for everyone, and can sometimes get a little “blue”, but I find that it covers a lot of great birding news and information in North America, and it’s incredibly funny too. One of the things that Sharon has been great at promoting is the idea that birders really should just get to know each other better. Whether it be just to chat, share stories and experiences, or just as importantly, to be approachable not only to each other, but to folks who are completely inexperienced and who want to become more “serious” birders.
Mayall: Oh God, that was marvelous! (laughs). But he did run a very tight ship. He brought it in on time, and brought it in slightly under budget as I remember it.
3. Kick and scream to get your way. You will have to, if your life is anything like mine. Don’t be afraid to fight for yourself.
But what I believe most, is that the world needs more Bill Gardiners.
