I won this book in a Goodreads giveaway and loved the story of Mo LoBeau, who washed up – literally – in Tupelo Landing, NC, as a baby. There’s a hilarious cast of small-town characters, a mystery that goes deeper than you’d think, and some truly wonderful writing. I kept cracking up and reading bits aloud to my husband. Mo is a sassy, smart, sharp-eyed narrator and she takes readers for such a fun ride. (Out May 10.)
Etihad said the “purchase reflected its desire to forge a commercial partnership with the Irish national carrier,” adding that “a possible partnership could produce significant commercial benefits for both airlines.”
First, I saw his indie slasher comedy and SXSW feature “Detention”. Initially after seeing the movie I was not a fan as it felt too all over the place. There was a thin explanation given about how the students were able to time travel, and a bit about a student being half-insect goes all but unexplained. However, with each passing day I came to think of the film more and more positively. I realized how many references Director Joesph Khan threw in from his years of music video directing. Then while telling a friend about the film I recalled how struck I was by the whip smart dialogue and fun on screen pop up graphics. But, the final nail in the coffin was that for days after seeing it I couldn’t stop thinking about the final scene where Josh Hutcherson and his on-screen love Shanley Caswell recreate the final dance from the 1987 classic “Dirty Dancing”, to a modern remix of “Mmm Bop” by Hanson. The film is currently in extremely limited release in ten US cities, but I think once the film is released on DVD and made available on Netflix it will find its audience. I feel with it’s sci-fi, slasher and comedic elements plus a witty commentary on the cyber generation that it will undoubtedly gain a cult following. If you are lucky enough to live in one of the ten cities showing “Detention” be sure to check it out.
Bringing elements of it into my home is like finding a poem inside a chocolate cake: not entirely surprising, but a discovery that casts new light on both things. Home suddenly seems even more safe, static, contained, while the boat more vulnerable, easily dismantled.
My favourite insect is a dragonfly. They are so beautiful they feel like they can't actually be real.
This is how I wash all of our eggs:
Tony'~ back, ORLANDO, that is. The singer who shocked his fans a few months ago by announcing he would retire from show biz because he didn't want to end up like his buddy FREDDIE PRINZE has now got himself together. He's decided to resume his career, but he'll only work if it allows him to spend a reasonable amount of time with his family.
Brian frowned, “Why did you bring her here?”
I could get used to this.
I made this rockin' little thank you using Wilson Designs Let's Rock and sentiment from Wilson Designs Everything's Owlright. I used a quickutz polka dot embossing folder for the background and thought it would be fun to only emboss part of the card front. The strip of star paper is from my stash, but was purchased at Hobby Lobby. I cut the stars using nestabilities. The pink patterned paper is from Stampin' UP! and I used a page from an old vintage book that I rescued from the trash pile at a thrift shop. The pages in the book are falling apart it's lost it's spine, but perfect for card making projects. I added a pink gem to the centers of my crossing guitars!
However! It's important to remember that simply because something is the case in the United States doesn't mean it's necessarily true for the rest of the world. (I happen to believe civilization ends at the Hudson, but that's another story.)
He pours himself a huge mug of strong coffee,
$15 for adults, $10 for children 12 years and under, $2 for children aged between one and three. The rides itself goes for about 15 minutes.
Have a great Monday, everyone!
The same thing is happening in other countries. In fact, right here in America we see that more and more people are waking up. Often for no apparent reason, they are finding out that Orthodoxy is the real Church. This is happening also in Western Europe and in other countries.
Chill before serving
It seems I've been tagged by that rockin' lady over at Punky Style. So get ready, ladies and gents, for 7 random things about me, even more random than my usual randomness. But first, I must wax on about the rules of this little game, as copy and pasted from Punky:
“Dead as a doornail.”
Many of you probably already know and practice the little tip I am going to share today. But for those who are new to cloth diapering, researching, or searching for answers, I wanted to share it.
Flexibility and mobility are two vital components of fitness.
It looks like the power of the IRS to revoke passports is merely a drop in the tyrannical bucket.
You walk among crowds
things.
But ultimately, neither pairing was wrong, they were just different. Lost was confusing everybody because it was telling two love stories simultaneously: the classic romance, and the sensational, epic love story. Of course, the additional twist was that the show was telling these stories with the same female character - thus in a way symbolising the conflict in contemporary society between the old and the new, between the beautiful and the amplified. There is a general fear of losing the "high culture" in an over-saturated, media crazed society, and postmodernist television is (while brilliant in a lot of ways) dissolving the barrier the low and the high culture. Lost is taking this to a whole new level, by literally staging a battle for dominance between these two types of storytelling, these two different approaches to romance - using the characters Jack and Sawyer as champions for the two sides. Whether Jack and Kate ending up together signals a return to romance as it used to be, or whether it just shows it to be more eternal, lasting and memorable, is up for debate.
My mind was reeling in shock. Oh God ... Can this be real?
but at this time I'm just relaxing
Many rumours also surround Rassilon's death. One stated that the Time Lords had revolted against him and imprisoned him in the Dark Tower in the Death Zone. Borusa, Lord President and the Doctor's former mentor, believed that Rassilon had discovered a form of true immortality beyond the regenerations known to Time Lords. Borusa uncovered and used several artefacts from the Dark Times, including the Coronet of Rassilon (a mind control device) and the Game of Rassilon. The Doctor discovered the truth when his mentor Borusa used him to try and discover Rassilon's secret: Rassilon did indeed discover immortality, but realised it was too dangerous a secret to share. Borusa was condemned to immortality as a living statue, imprisoned immobile in Rassilon's tomb.
Make sure your spiritual vehicle is properly maintained with the things of God so you can journey through the darkest night in safety.
Multitasking is a big part of modern life that everyone has experience with. For a time, multitasking was a buzz word that suggested you were getting a great deal done in an efficient way. More recently, however, many time management experts have become rather critical of multitasking, stating it makes you less rather than more efficient. Multitasking actually can make you more efficient, but not at all times; so let’s see when it is and isn’t a fantastic idea.
dentist made some bad errors, and I ended up screaming in pain, and later had to get some of the tooth pulled in the States because he had failed to pull all of it out. On top of that, I ended up with a bad infection…wonder how that happened???
Firstly, according to the aforementioned dictionary, a tulip flower “stands for self-confidence; encouragement; motivational factors; may also point to a beautiful beginning.” The beginning of a bona fide spring would feel pretty terrific right now. I’m not holding my breath. Is the universe telling me not to plan that move to Arizona, that spring will indeed come even to Alaska?
The Wheel of Times turns and Ages come and go, leaving memories that become legend. Legend fades to myth, and even myth is long forgotten when the Age that gave it birth returns again. In the Third Age, and Age of Prophecy, the World and Time themselves hang in the balance. What was, what will be, and what is, may yet fall under the Shadow.
Later on love escaped me - again. I felt the vine growing and tightening around my feet and binding up my hands.
7:30am: A Woman of Paris
Brighton University are offering the chance for GSCE and A level students to come in for a design workshop that the product design students are running as part of the Brighton Fringe festival. The product design students are hoping to create a bit of a buzz around the second and final year shows to promote everything that we love about design at the University of Brighton. The aim is to raise awareness about what product design is, what it involves and and the future of it.
1) 3 attempts to establish a 1RM Snatch – rest as needed.
The Voortrekkers comprised of about 25 % to 33 % of the total White population at the Cape during the era preceding the Great Trek. The Boers are not White Colonials as they broke all links to Europe early on developing their own culture & language as a result of being on their own in isolation / absorbing many diverse national groups & did not have the protection of the State while living a semi nomadic life trekking inland. The Boers have been under siege for much of their history in South Africa. The Boers of the past spoke many local African languages.
And my other tip, learned in the recent workshop I took and wrote about here is to use a big jar for rinsing brushes during painting, filled with hot water. It dissolves the paint much faster and more thoroughly.
1carton Chicken broth
“Hi,” Aryc said in a chipper voice. “Darky sent me.”
See L under the front of the loom?
12 - Fall Of The Peacemakers 08:04
21. From The Hope Of Spring To The Danger Of Conflagration looks at the stalling of the revolts across the Middle East, the hypocritical position of Imperialism, and the danger that underlying tensions, and global and regional power struggles could result in a militarism and conflict that escalates via its own dynamic.
I have just now touched the surface of a few points of how money is infused in the very essence of sports in this world, and thus in an equal money system, money will absolutely be extracted out of sport, and we will simply start again in developing sports as a form of self expression and self support no longer having it taken over by money or the ego.
Peter Schiff: Yes, exactly: we need productive jobs, we don’t need to squander our labor. We have to actually make things, we can’t just pretend to work, and that is what we are basically doing.
Another great thing about the rooms at Wilderness at the Smokies is that each room comes with a mini-kitchen area! This area includes a mini-refrigerator, a cook top, coffee maker, microwave and sink. It is nice to have so that you don’t have to go out into Sevierville, you can just stay in and cook your meals. It’s also a great way to save money (the meals at the resort are a bit pricey and we didn’t try any of the food there). They also include a mirror with another sink for a vanity type area. That means there is two sinks in the room! I think that is a really nice touch.
Just prayers. I'm trying not to panic and let fear and anxiety of the unknown take over. I can feel it, almost rushing up my throat in the most random times. It is really hard not to focus on the future, and I know that I do better if I just focus on the here and now. One day at a time. But there is also so much to prepare for. Chris and I are going to try and be as "ready as we can" by the end of the week - nesting, cleaning, making packing lists, etc.
What is your favorite paper craft technique?
Haas J, Schottenfeld D. Risks to the offspring from parental occupational exposures. J Occup Med Tox 1979; 21: 607-613.
Beaten several minutes
W: Good-oh, can I call you back for the details?
As always, thank you so much for stopping by!
- So I spiced up proceedings. Suggested we play a little dress-up...
Still, the president’s critics and some members of the military havequestioned the appropriateness of the move, given the subsequent murder of two U.S. military officers at the hands of an Afghan inside one of the capital’s secure ministry buildings.
when we are thee my friend will meet up with us and give us a ride home. sure beats traveling by train again.. and might be a little to much right away. when she and her husband get us back i organized them to get some Chinese food for dinner.. from her smile i can take that she’s got not problem with his idea what so ever. Speaking of my friends… Ive got them a presents basket as a thank you.
we would grind to a halt
LeBron must stay aggressive and engaged for the entire series. If he wants the title it is his. If he wants to drift off, he will not raise another banner in the arena.
2. I am thankful for warm sunshine in the morning.
However after change of plan and with some chicken, cucumber and carrot strips and the last eggs prepared I finally got to my kimbap experiment.
If looks could spank...
“We had this put on us all those years ago and people have got used to it.”
“Grimly grinned Ogremaw,
D: And this is why you should have read the whole thing. I said scientists believed this to be true not that it was or ever is in my opinion. By not reading my arguments you have shown your level of ignorance all I can say is Shut it I don’t want you or no religous crap trying to say oh I am right on my wall.
He stopped in front of a door marked 411 and below it a little slide-out plastic tag that read:
We walked the river on the most perfect day for river walking. She had her fancy new shiny pram with a matching shiny new baby boy in it. I love prams, the right pram can change a Mums day, but that is another story.
it will rise upon us
Russian Security Council head Viktor Ozerov said that Russian General Military Headquarters has prepared an action plan in the event of an attack on Iran.
Dear Jillian Michaels,
I told God in my head, "You're gonna have to be way more obvious."
Daisy’s Diner
Paris, like many other big cities, has a bunch of nicknames. Let's look at some of them!
Really, we should respect everybody around us, and always treat them with a high level of courtesy. But if you can’t do that, surely at the very least you should respect your parents?!
Spread it out on a cookie sheet and bake at 300° for about an hour--until it's nice and toasty.
This band of genuine nomads turned rebel fighters might never have made it out of the desert and onto the world stage if French band Lo’Jo hadn’t caught Tinariwen performing at a festival in Mali in 1998 (eight years after it had returned to its homeland from exile) and invited the musicians on tour. Since then, championed by the likes of Robert Plant and Carlos Santana, the band has received numerous awards and accolades, and stands at the forefront of desert blues.
Surely those with more property – with a greater stake in society – should have more say. …
But the point is...at that time, I'd begun a lot of the promo hoo-ha involved with releasing a book, including the round of review sites. Don't know how cool it is to bring up an old review, but hey. It can still be found on the Internet, so why not?
This week's challenge is set by the Secret Crafter herself, the lovely WENDY. She has chosen a colour theme of:-
As is typical in domestic sex trafficking cases, the trafficked victims were required to turn over all prostitution proceeds directly to their traffickers, who doled out only a few dollars a night to buy food and other necessities. As a result, the women had no control over their finances, making prostituted victims essentially helpless if they were to attempt to leave the operation.
At Christmas, the band I've been playing in and I went our seperate ways. Playing with Trio Gitan was a wonderful musical experience and, had we simply intended to continue what we were doing, I'd still be doing it. However, as a glance at a roadmap of Britain will show, the North Eastern edge of the Yorkshire Dales isn't exactly the centre of the musical universe. If the few roads that snake over that part of the world were veins and arteries running through a carcass, then that part of the carcass would be suffering serious circulation problems. For the band to be financially viable long term meant travelling long distances and staying away over night. I didn't like the idea of that -teaching all week and disappearing at the weekend- so, with a heavy heart, I left it. It seemed the right time: we had no gigs until March and leaving when I did would give Andy and Jack (the other two-thirds of the band) time to find a replacement.
loving.
now I kiss you
Then they heard or a female drummer, which Nicke Hasselberg had played with in his first punk band, and Stephan and Mats called her at once.
Saturday morning Ryann requested to go to the pet store, so we did. A cheap indoor zoo is always a good plan. On the way home she was being a goober in the car. When she woke up from nap she said to me, "Mama, I don't want snack. I just want to paint." Well alrighty then. Later that evening we went to Target for new pillows, and Ryann sprinted through the aisles like a crazy person. You would think we keep her caged up or something, she was nuts.
How downright historical!
David Brian Brady, 41, Summit, N.J.
which is the oldest gate in the current Old City.
If, like me, you’re a bit of a food lover, you could always get inspiration from cookbooks and chefs like Jamie Oliver and Donna Hay and recreate them in your own style. Jamie and Donna are wonderful at using seasonal ingredients, which is something I always try to do at home, too.
Local Government (DILG) Undersecretary Rico Puno is a sure President’s pet. Puno was allegedly received jueting payola, according to an expose of retired Archbishop Oscar Cruz. When alleged-jueting man of Aquino government voiced to media that he would resign, Aquino was ready to broadcast his rhetoric chant – that Puno is entitled to undergo a due process.
Add egg and vanilla, mix well.
“Caution”
2. What puts a spring in your step?
* Buffalo wings: Named for their place of origin, Buffalo, New York, this is one of the few kinds of fried chicken that is not traditionally battered before frying.
~Poop in the sink. Yes. The sink. Forgive me if the words, "HAVE YOU EVER SEEN ME PUT POOP IN THE SINK?!" escaped my lips.
If you know me by now, you’ll know that I’m weary about this. Burberry is one of those brands that has always done what they do best, stick with the plaid design that everyone knows them for. This Spring/Summer however, they will be bringing us their new Sunburst print instead.
The vision clouded over and as I opened my eyes I saw him standing over me, his gaze emitting spikes into mine.
At a meeting with the ECET department chair in Fall 2009 Purdue librarians learned students had a gap in their learning. Specifically, the chair felt they were lacking creativity skills. This turned into a conceptual design for a “total curriculum overhaul.” Nelson joined a small curriculum committee where ongoing discussions of information literacy and its relation to creativity and lifelong learning ensued. At first faculty were unsure why Megan was there but her broad perspective on the Purdue curriculum and information literacy allowed her to infiltrate. The goal was to look at existing role of classes and broader outcomes and infuse “creatively” throughout.
12 Shade Tree Mechanic
His work sparked a new interest in the late Roman period, which has seen an exponential growth in research and publications. In 2008 the first volume of the Journal of Late Antiquity appeared, dedicated to Peter Brown. He edits the growing collection of works in the series “The Transformation of the Classical Heritage.”
We kneel while the priest takes the host, breaks it over the paten, and places a small piece in the chalice, saying quietly:
How clothes fit: Just getting tighter and tighter as my wardrobe quickly shrinks down to about 5 different outfits. Luckily I rotate through the same few work outfits every day, so it only gets frustrating on the weekends when I’m trying to wear my “real” clothes. It looks like skirts and dresses may be the way to go this summer!
8. A Man For All Reasons (Ballard) 4:44
I did a little paper-piecing for this challenge using new papers
UPDATE: Heart of Iron is schedule for a May 2011 release and here is the description:
Gibby’s taking a nap on Carly’s bed and Seddie just left. Things do not look good for Carly Shay…
The goras on the panel were a refreshing change I must say. Much better at answering the questions at hand, and Anatol Lievin in particular was very practical about his responses. He talked about the potential in Pakistan, but also about the challenges that lay ahead - something the others missed completely. The one thing all goras brought up that was echoed by our beloved Pakistani panelists was the level of philanthropy in in the country, and how it was unrivaled anywhere in the world. I strongly agree with this point, as Pakistanis as a people have very open hearts, and are always willing to give to a good cause, even the middle income folks struggling to cope with rampant inflation in the country. The problem is a lot of this money is misdirected. If we can better utilize this trait of Pakistani, perhaps get the nation to believe in a system where tax goes to development rather than lining the pockets of the corrupt, we could have something. It was nice to hear though people with experience from all over the world, singling out the philanthropy of Pakistanis as something that inspires them.
Nope, it's not any easier or less daunting the second time around, in case you were wondering. hehe. I don't know why, but cake baking/decorating has always been the bane of my existence. Even though the first one turned out fantastically, it didn't seem to alleviate any of the nervousness that I get when I think about making another one. It requires so much skill and knowledge.. and I'm still such a novice.
Northwest of Wrangell are the DeLong Islands, named for George Washington DeLong, the captain of USS Jeannette. Also in 1881, he discovered and claimed these three islands for the United States. He named them for the voyage co-sponsor, New York City newspaper publisher James Gordon Bennett. The ship’s crew received a hero’s welcome back in Washington, and Congress awarded them gold medals.
Now, I’m no fan of Coach Bobby Petrino, mainly because I’m a decent human being. But, Dawgs don’t play Arkansas this year and I’m feeling rather in a good mood today. So I’d like to wish the Hawgs much success with their new saying. Otherwise, Coach Petrino may find himself between a rock and a roll.
There is no other word that fits this spectacle quite like CELEBRATION does.
"No, cinnamons," he insisted. "It's two words that mean the same thing. Like happy and glad."
There could well be a bit of a tumble weed moment as the question sinks in. At this point I guess I should point out that neither I or my colleagues would say this out loud, we are professional, but I am sure we have, as would anyone in our position, have thought the same or similar.
Elisabeth Sabaditsch-Wolff did not agree to speak at the event in Aarhus, nor did she discuss her possible attendance at the event with the organizers. In fact, she was never even contacted by the organizers.
While personal taste is relative, for the reader it means a lot.
Harviestoun Ola Dubh 18 Year Scotland, Old Ale, 8% abv
Afterwards, the incoming 1st Sergeant provides refreshments for a little reception. And because I am who I am...we couldn't possibly do the customary cold cuts & crackers. No way!
Born: March 19, 1979 (ten days after my birthday)
As we made our way
Take out, check for seasoning. Garnish with cilantro and serve with hot or warm with rice. One must have rice. Kidding. You can totally do with bread and some Merlot. I did and it was amazing! You can bring the skillet to the table. A very homey and rustic way of serving this simple fare.
“All is not clear in the behaviour of Sofitel and Accor group management, and there could have been links between the Accor group before or after the affair and perhaps certain secret service groups,” said François Loncle, a Socialist MP. Michèle Sabban, the Socialist vice-president of the Paris area regional council, went further, claiming Mr Strauss-Kahn had been the victim of a “political attack”. These being socialist politicians, it is of course entirely part of their agenda to accuse the Sarkozy regime of being somehow involved in a plot to put Strauss-Kahn out of the 2012 Presidential race; but even in that context, the confirmation that the call was made has shocked even the most resistant to DSK conspiracy theories.
Dark Shadows is a fun movie, with some period piece humor, and very pleasing to the eye, but suffers from a lack of character development, and uneven storytelling that ends up not making a ton of sense.
Maybe I'm better off alone,
We lived nearby a junkyard, and during the summer, we spent endless days crawling into abandoned Studebaker’s and Opal GT’s looking for treasure that had been left behind. We carried rings loaded with the keys we were fortunate enough to have salvaged in the process. At one time, I had 66 keys (yep, easy to remember – 66 books of the bible and 66 keys). We walked the sides of the highway (41 which runs from Detroit to Florida) looking for liquor bottles that had been tossed into the weeds. We’d take them home, rinse them out and fill them with colored water. They sat everywhere in our house, and almost every day, we’d carry in a new batch. We’d try to get the labels off, but if we couldn’t, we’d just turn that side to the wall. Even now, I imagine light dancing off of ten or fifteen bottles – different colors – creating a magic not so easily found anymore.
5) Lair of the Minotaur – Evil Power
For the contest at Joan's this week, it is ANYTHING goes for Christmas, so easy enough.
Billed as category breaking beer and delivered by hand from the Lake District tap room by bunker co host Paul, but the question is: What is a Premium Dark Ale?
You find yourself angry at God. Angry at yourself. Just angry.
In January of 1997 I left my congregation, or rather, I was expelled and could finally return the church keys, which I had borrowed over the years. And I could leave my hometown, for good this time, for an education and directly after that, a job in Stockholm.
To this truth I’m ever clinging,
As the consolidation takes place, the State of New Jersey would automatically adopt all the existing labor contracts. The State would become the employer negotiating with several dozen local unions, all with different wage scales. There is nothing abnormal or new here. It happens all the time and even within a same local union there are two tiers of employees at times.
woeful questions
They have the most adorable images and a very sweet freebie that they posted today!
That means 91 percent of the arrests occurred in New York City, and only one person has been convicted for sex trafficking outside of the city.
So yeah, it's funny.
Even those individuals who speak a foreign language have the advantage over you, because they’ve managed to pick up enough broken English to get by, and the chances that someone in the police station speaks Spanish, German or French are far better than the chances they speak Sign.
The notion that the impossibilities are real is based on an erroneous perceptions of reality. How could this perception be real when all of Nature, all of existence is pure consciousness arising? Like an eddy stuck on the side of a beautiful, strong, flowing river, the impossibilities swirl around within itself, in an effort to self-perpetuate. One perceives daily events as against oneself. Life is experienced as a continual struggle, which perpetuates the sense of disconnect, loneliness and fear.
6. Return shellfish to pan. Add the pasta. Mix well.
They did this, not because of me.
“That’s what I said. Gaygay.” Dumbass. “Now answer my question.”
- Increased toilet visits. You will probably need to pee pee pee. I’m terrible, I hardly drink anything, never mind drinking the recommended 2 litres or whatever of water a day (I would probably drown) and even I needed to pee constantly. This also doesn’t stop during the night when you think you’re safe in the land of nod. Make sure you invest in a nice warm dressing gown and keep it by your bed for those twilight pee’ing sessions!
It has been a long time since the last post that I made this year. Somehow, I personally thought that I will spend more time working than playing this year compared to the same period last year. Well, I hope that I can still manage some times not to miss this spring and its fabulous season and festival though. So, here I am writing as a reminder to myself how I should not let my spring go without coming to these music festivals.
The first thing that struck me when reading up on Scala was just how many times I thought “that’s a really good way of doing things, it’s much cleaner than the way Java does it”. I’d been reading up on the language for a few months and experimenting with code, but I’ve now used Scala for actual dev work and I’ve learned a lot. The standard approach for learning to code in Scala is to start using it as “java without semicolons“. This was how I started a few months ago and I’ve gradually learned more and written more idiomatic Scala. The result of writing code the Scala way is code which is much cleaner (and more compact). At first it seems like you’re simply saving yourself a bit of typing over Java and not asking the IDE to generate code all the time. That doesn’t seem like much, but as I learned and coded more Scala I began to realise just how much easier it was to express ideas. Everything in Scala just seems to fit together better. Strings, Arrays, Lists, StringBuilders etc. all “feel” the same with common syntax and methods for common tasks such as accessing values, and adding items. Methods like groupBy, filter and map make common tasks such as processing a list of items surprisingly simple.
When God answered Habakkuk’s tough questions, the prophet was moved to write what my Bible notes is a “hymn of faith” (Habakkuk 3:17-19, NIV). It’s one of my favorites:
Then, after she hit the hay, I stayed up late doing one on the computer, with lines for each group (ex: for the fruits, I said, two to three servings, and put three lines for writing down what we ate). I had shown her on my filled-out chicken-scratched version what I had eaten yesterday, and that I was short on fruit as I only ate two, and was also short on my grains, as I had one less than normal. Then I said, “I think I’ll have an apple!”, and I wrote that in.
375 pages
"It can be seen as a kind of pandering going into an election cycle if you don't really grapple with the bigger problem," warned U.S. Rep. Allen West, R-Plantation, who stopped by the gathering of radio broadcasters.
Imagineering Disney - A (hopefully) recurring segment on rides or attractions I’ve thought up. To be posted on BeefyDisney.
It's very cool to look at, though, and will provide an opportunity to learn more about how birds make nests. And maybe even figure out what kind of bird made this nest.
(Fight Crime: Invest in Kids, 2006)
“That’s probably for the best,” I agreed.
2. If you're disappointed, state your issues politely and ask to be relocated as soon as possible.
The first one is PATRIOT ( Pro-Active Terrorist Recognition and Interdiction Operation's Training)
SOUR CREAM COFFEE CAKE
Artists sometimes just create art. But after Art College, they come to a realization of theories behind what they have done by instinct. Fundamental theories can only improve and supplement the talent students have.
Travel Window: 12/15 - 12/21/11
Memory Box Primula Flower Die
A couple weeks before the recent election I had a conversation with a professor at a mainline-denominational seminary. I asked him about the political climate within the faculty at the seminary. He said it is a one-issue topic with everyone. The only thing anyone cares about is abortion. He said he’d changed his stance a few years ago. It wasn’t that he felt any differently about the issue of abortion, but he’d realized there are many other important issues, such as poverty, with which we as Christians need to concern ourselves.
When puppies no longer fill your appetite
So as you can imagine Mother's Day has a very special meaning for me. And it makes me very grateful for how far Kevin and I have come. We are the proud parents of three gorgeous, loving little boys. And we have achieved what we once thought was out of our grasp...
Bent
Every parent I know is obsessed with getting their picky toddler to eat, and sometimes I wish there were a big list somewhere that I could follow. Often you just need inspiration! Well, I decided to try to make that kind of list. Using the phone to search websites for menu ideas, and then using the rad Apict app (which turns your snapshots into Polaroids), we made 15 different meals...
It was exciting and sad travelling via skype with Shaun's mum & sister instead of travelling physically with them as planned as they journeyed around the world. They had an absolute fabulous time and I am sure it is something neither of them will forget.
The next morning I got this quote from guru Seth Godin in my news feed from a social media specialist, Amy Porterfield, with many comments attached to it praising the sentiments. Seth Godin usually has short, non-gooey, practical bits of advice, and things to think about it. I subscribe to his blog. Amy Porterfield is a bona-fide expert in her field. I subscribe to her Facebook updates, too.
To answer the question of what knowledge is, in short; knowledge is power, and with knowledge, all things are possible. Power comes as one realizes that he/she is an agent unto themselves; in control of their own destinies. When one has doubts as to his/her ability to attain knowledge, or believes themselves to be unworthy of temporal or spiritual growth, one relinquishes their agency, and thereby loses their power.
Horses–animals known for movement and power
Here is my second installment of this week’s study notes. These notes are for Psalm 22. There are 13 pages of notes, quotes, outlines, and exegesis. Author’s who are referenced include John Piper, Eugene Peterson, Stanley Hauerwas, Michael Wilcock, CS Lewis and more. You can download the entire MS Word formatted set of notes from my box.net account. Be Blessed.
You can find other useful tips via twitter @jsmusicschool which is updated daily
This painting does not have as wide a range of values as I normally use, but it was a foggy day, and there were really no highlighted or very bright areas. So c'est la vie!
I don't have much faith in him coming up with anything that will work. Time and again he has shown that both he and his advisers have no knowledge of economics or business; I can only imagine what sort of bullshit that bunch will try to pass off as a recovery plan.
In the past few months I have made choices that have damaged my foundation. I have discovered my tools of trust and faith were not as strong as I thought they were. My footprints are not strong, the flood waters have come and gone, and I have gotten wet. Right now,I find myself with more than one set of footprints taking the life journey with me. Those who have stopped to help me rebuild my foundation, help me to strengthen my faith and trust. I sometimes have gotten stubborn and had to give in to letting those carry my load for a while. I don’t think that proper repairs can begin until you finally admit that you need the help.
Because the Cicerone program of server certification follows the BJCP’s categorization of beer styles. If our employees learn to think in the BJCP’s way, they’ll be a leg up on the Cicerone program if they desire to pursue it, and the message will be consistent for consumers. The BJCP’s categories are not perfect, because perfection does not exist in this or any other world. However, as a place to learn the rules before trotting off to break them, it is fine.
"Who do I write for? Volunteers. People who are in the artworld because of art."
but it probably sounded more like:
Love and such,
impatient to fling a cloth.
Here there is no electricity and cooking is all about firewood…
18. The French Impressionists - Boo Boo's Gone Mambo~My Guardian Angel
enhanced by new notes of the voices of children just awakened from slumber.
The Read Home 425 E. Arch
Black vinegar, 1 tablespoon
The best part of the screening was that it was done on a roof top and the weather of Jeddah played its beautiful part in making the evening very pleasant. The movie as the name suggests was about group of ppl who had worked and grown up in Aramco and how living there has shaped up the rest of their lives.
Mercifully, the art director made a good job of the bleak marshes but he may just as well have set the whole thing in a circus for all the good it did.
Stamp: Stempelglede ( Le Jardin de beauté); text: "for Mother"
And hence the long silence about the book.
here's what the inside looks like...
Even if you’re not looking for a placement in the near future, there are plenty of things you can begin to do now to increase your employability for placements in the long run:
Talking about Social Networking, let’s talk about Wikis and how it may interest you, everyone seems to have a wiki nowadays, just in case you are wondering, what is a wiki? Well, a wiki is a collaboration tool, a web site where the pages and content can be created, modified or changed by the users and instantly published and these pages are automatically created and linked to each other and what’s more, you don’t even need to know how to code.
We’re endlessly looking at how others do things, for inspiration and ideas, and that’s okay, but we end up wanting to try those things too. That sounds harmless until you realize that you’ll buy almost anything because someone wrote about it and made it sound amazing. You’ll live a life of an endless series of purchases because of what other people are doing. And it never ends.
Caffeine and amps meet with amphoras and umbrella
Events celebrating the Diamond Jubilee are taking place as far away as the Falkland Islands where beacons will be lit to celebrate the Queen’s 60th year on the throne. The Queen will visit Northern Ireland as part of her Jubilee tour and celebrations are expected to end in Scotland with a garden party at Balmoral.
River states to the south, and
Your number this month - 13
HORS D’OEUVRES -
We want to believe that Jericho would be true. Hey! What can be better for a small rural town than a nuclear war, right? Wrong.
5. A last ditch effort to avoid plunging in, is to cut off the power supply to the transdimensional vortex. As any evil scientist or ancient high cleric can attest, keeping a transdimensional vortex open requires a great deal of energy. Merely remove the power, and often the vortex closes up.
Coming out of the testimony so far is a far different portrayal of the candidate, his spouse, and the staff member who all aided and abetted in this false picture. “Sordid” does not do justice to the sham these people perpetrated in an effort to elect a shabby and disgraceful little man to the office of president of the U.S. No clean hands here.
05:00 – 06:00 Zany
I have maps to sort out who's where and reports to whom.
The return across the river involved being strapped into a seat and flying over the river at speed, on a wire line. All good fun.
Saturday saw the headlong dive back into the world of garage sale goodness. I used to indulge in this delicacy almost every Saturday, back when I lived in the one-suburb Farmerdale. Since moving to Planet Newy I've only done it once. It's either been too daunting to take on a particularly unfamiliar city armed with a newspaper and a map from the phone book, or I've been working or tired or hung over or something similarly destructive to early Saturday morning motivation.
Today is unseasonably warm and very sunny; seeing as it's also one of my days off I decided to go for a hike. I decided to follow a section of Burd Run, the other main flowing body of water here, from the stream-bed restoration area (sponsored by Shippensburg University) to a point near where it empties into Middle Spring Creek. The restoration project is at the corner of Britton and Fogelsanger Roads, and after wandering in the project grounds I walked up Fogelsanger Road to where it ends on Newburg Rd./Earl St.
There is only one exclamation mark there but truly, this is fabulous. Huge, huge thanks Juliet.
I will add better pictures later on.
So, to you, the Skyline High School Class of 1991, to you who once walked those halls, who wore the Blue and Gold with pride, to you who shone in the spotlight, and to you who stayed in the shadows, to you who came, and to you who wish you could have, to you who have soared, and to you who have your feet firmly planted on the ground, and to you, timeless friends, I say thank you.
Among the amendments that did not pass and were therefore not included in the final House budget was an amendment that would have provided the new Court Administrator with broader authority to transfer funds within the Trial Court. Currently, transferability is authorized across the Trial Court departments, but restricted relative to Probation and Community Corrections accounts. Transferability from the latter two line items from another court line item cannot exceed 5%. The amendment would have removed the restriction and allowed transfers between any line item within the trial court to any other item of appropriation within the trial court as deemed necessary and appropriate for FY 2013.
My eyes welled up I tried to fight the lump in my throat and fight off the tears but I could do it no longer. A few short minutes later a DSS worker walked into the room said her father (Angelo) was here and it was now tike for me to say good bye!
Richard Bruce Van Hine, 48, Greenwood Lake, N.Y.
ANONIEM. Patient safety alert. Health care workers may imperil patients by snubbing influenza vaccinations. Hosp Peer Rev 2006; 31: Suppl. 1-2.
5 cloves garlic, minced
Nicholas Ray's first film They Live By Night, based on the same story as Robert Altman's later Thieves Like Us, is a tale of doomed romance between a desperate criminal and a simple, inexperienced country girl. It's a story as old as crime fiction, or even as old as time itself: the bad man who wants something better, who dreams of a "normal" life, and the girl who loves him even though she knows they'll never have the life they want. Bowie (Farley Granger) was in prison for hanging out with the wrong gang as a sixteen year-old orphan, until he breaks out and goes on the run with two older, hardened criminals, T-Dub (Jay Flippen) and Chickamaw (Howard da Silva) — another bad gang, because Bowie's a guy who always seems to be in the wrong place, with the worst friends. Keechie (Cathy O'Donnell) is Chickamaw's niece, who grudgingly ministers to the gang after a failed job on which Bowie was injured. These two young, confused people are unlikely lovers, but there's nevertheless a magnetic, seemingly irresistible connection between them, the bond of a desperate and slowly developing love. Neither of them has ever had much happiness from life, from their families or the situations in which they find themselves. They share absent parents: both their mothers ran away with other men, and Bowie's father was killed before his eyes while Keechie is saddled with a drunken, no-good old man.
from vintage magazines that I found
It's enough. I'm done. I've done a good job. I'm proud. But I'm done; I can't do it any more.
Throw it in the preheated pan and cook it for a few minutes, until lightly brown and dry looking on the underside, with some darker brown spots. Flip it over and cook for slightly less time, until the dough on the second side is definitely dry with some golden spots. You can press on any thicker spots at this point to encourage them to cook through. Remove to a rack or cookie sheet to cool completely. Continue to do this with all your dough.
“Fate reached its paramount beauty in the birth-star of the unborn. All the constellations were peaceful, as were the planets and even the outer stars. Every direction of the sky was peaceful, and all the spotless stars had risen.”
Air temperatures around four of the world’s largest wind farms have increased by up to 0.72C in a decade, researchers have found.
Look. At the early salvo of the trade rumors, Baclao and Guevarra’s name were thrown out. Both rookies were labeled as draft busts, as their morale got lower and lower. And then their names were officially announced in the trade, imagine that emotional rollercoaster for the young guys (we’re not even counting the amount of hate they received off the Seigle trade).
True Lies (John Bruno, Thomas L. Fisher, Jacques Stoweis, Patrick McClung)
Some notes from a 2008 bottle I had back in May.
Jovial 3
I tested on 2 shows that I didn't get during a pretty busy pilot season in LA.
Species: major
Luckily CPT was at home and was in charge and controlling it. I'm glad that I wasn't.
And hey, zombies are "in" right now you know.
8:00 – Woom, Butchy Fuego @ Cake Shop $tba (21+)
Main living room: Gold and whites/creams along with some brown (and possibly turquoise)
Mansfield Park
Over the next couple of weeks, I would like to attempt to cover the practices of discipleship that Jesus used while training the 12, and those who were to the outskirts of the 12 (the 60 others He sent out with the 12 at one time). My desire is not only to give insight to others, but to gain the insight for myself as well. The ultimate goal is to identify a repeatable and sustainable pattern for discipling others.
Life isn't the same without you. I'm not the same without you. And I wish you were here.
I would like to thank everyone who signed up for this giveaway. Thank you for all your support and motivation. It sure does help motivate me to make more of these and think of some more awesome giveaways in the near future!
I’ll admit that they’re not universally inept. Many of them can capture and tear apart a fast-moving hunk of raw meat more efficiently than I’m ever likely to; they’re often enviably cute; and those spiders which can leap out and grab something faster than you can blink are pretty cool. But in general, the point stands.
Sometimes bad things happen for a reason, something they just happen. But if we spend all our time in "what if" land we can miss out on the good stuff that comes from the bad.
Strathclyde Police and the Crown Office must now set to work immediately in finding out the truth.
Overall, both products were great - no complaints!!
Guyana is a plural society. It is extremely diverse and multicultural and yet still there is no deliberate, planned and sustained program after 44 years, to yield genuine development.
3.YOU'RE RESPONSIBLE. Children relish the opportunity to be seen as soon-to-be grown-ups.
CLOSER LOOK:
I made my order and paid online.
The Kraumur Award goes to five albums, while 20 albums are nominated. The panel can add albums to the award category, which led to six albums receiving the awards in 2008.
Latin America Delivers A Swift Kick
In line, I talked about how I searched on 7,000,000,000 sites, and 0 animal-related links came up. The teacher then sent me to the school library (Okay, before you continue reading, start singing the movie JAWS theme song, and when you get to the final note, read the next part) to pick up an animal book of my interest. So I searched, and I found a manatee book. Hopefully I’ll find a better subject. Hopefully.
As I left the courtroom that day, I heard the Legal Aid attorney continuing a discussion with Judge Crime about me and/or my case that she appeared to have started before I got there.
To make his movie, Pierce borrowed $160,000 from a friend who owned a car dealership in Texarkana. The film maker used local residents to actually play themselves in the movie and used a man in an ape costume, which kinda looked like the Marvel comic book monster, Man-Thing, to play the 'Fouke Monster'. The film was a huge commercial success and raked in $25 million at the box office.
Sharpe’s Store
Try Something New
Well, I guess I could keep asking this question. I guess I could cry for a couple of days and obsess over this. Or, I could go back to one of my previous lingering thoughts that I had when I sent in my admission application. I thought, If by some chance I do not get accepted…Then I have to accept that this was all meant to be…That God planned it this way and that he has something else in store for me. I thought if that were to happen, that I shouldn’t let it be so devastating. Usually, I always hear that what God wants for us and what we want for ourselves are total opposites. God’s plans are always 100% better than what we could ever come up with.
As my New Year begins here in the autumn, my focus is on the year behind and the year ahead...a rich and beautiful place...Autumn Migration.
Can you see the little demitasse cup? It is soooo sweet and it is Haviland. I just looked it up on Replacements and apparently it was made in the '40s and a demitasse cup and saucer goes for about $45. They wanted $14 for the saucer ALONE.
The world cup was a very interesting part of the plot along with the tournment. I loved these because they were again something new. They both showed more of the world of wizardy which was really exciting. In the movie I remember the maze part and that was actually suspenseful with how it was shown which was different for Harry Potter. To me Harry Potter is for the kids and adults but it is always cheerful, never really suspenseful or even a little scary. This addition I thought was great to see.
If you've ever visited this blog before you'll be very well aware of my fondness for lampwork glass beads and that will never change. This year though I want to stretch myself and my jewellery designs by using different materials more and by mixing materials together. So obviously I've had to do a bit of shopping to build up some supplies (there is always a way to justify shopping) and today I thought I'd share some of my favourite 'muddy' finds.
J-Carnes 1
Oh and the cold I was confronted with when I came isn’t even bad, I potentially have real bad weather coming up just later in the week, It’s nice to know the scots have whipped out the red carpet all for me, I feel so blessed.
05. Death To My Hometown
Over active emotions were destroying me peace of mind and more than any other emotion I had anger issues. Anger, one of the most spontaneous and difficult emotions. Anger is a very strong emotion, not easy to handle either. This often gives it a bad reputation to anger and people often place it in the list of negative traits.
Now with the koran – I dont think any of the book burners want the koran obliterated – I think they are just expressing their hatred of Islam – which in my mind is fair enough, not something that I would do, but something that I can appreciate.
partners: the CIA and their Asian secret society counterparts… Why
I suggest a separation. From now to eternity.
23. i keep everything!!
1/2 Cup Blue cheese crumbles
2012 Numbers
Random tangent (or dare I say red herring): I named my first pet fish George. This is a stock photo as my George suffered an early, tragic and senseless death from shock when I accidentally knocked an ABBA cassette into his bowl.
W/c 28 March* - regulations to be signed
WOW...it was another amazing fortnight of wonderful entries, thank you everyone who joined us for Shelley's 'LOVE' challenge!! I will be announcing the random winner and Shelley's TOP 3 and GD choice towards the end of this post.
The real fireworks will start when Egypt's Islamist Republic links up with a similar Libyan one next door and combines Egypt's population with Libya's oil wealth to form the basis for what the Islamists have dreamed of since the days of al-Banna - the beginnings of the new Caliphate.
You have a right to be edited. Talk this over with your agent. Make sure your agent knows that you feel strongly about this, and make sure your agent keeps his or her wits sharp about placing your book. A very busy famous editor at a large prestigious imprint might be the best thing in the world to happen to your book. But only if she's actually editing it.
Those who offer enlightenment or salvation appear to often operate more as businessmen than as authentic spiritual teachers. In part one of this two-part series, U. G. Krishnamurti he denies any possibility of knowledge of enlightenment. The very attempt to achieve enlightenment is an obstacle in the path of the proclaimed goal. The search for enlightenment is a device of the mind to perpetuate itself, in denial of its mortality.
I hope you like the card I made for this one....It's a little cowboy. I did laugh when I saw him, it reminds me of when I ran Playgroup and the children would dress up, this is what they would look like with the cowboy outfit on.
Tasting the products, the wonderful and subtle maple syrup or honey, the ginger or lemon that have a real kick, or the unusual violet or banana sorbets, I feel that they have no competition in Paris. This is possibly just a question of personal taste, but it is easy to see why their products should be so much nicer than mass-produced industrial ice-cream. “The major difference is the amount of air” explains Wilfried. “In factory made ice-cream around 60% of the product is air, but our products are closer to 15-25%. When the main ingredients are so tightly packed together you notice the difference immediately. The odour is stronger, the taste is more intense and the sensation in the mouth is different”. Another factor is visual. There are no garish pinks or screaming yellows here, just delicate pastel hues. In fact what you would expect to see when using only natural ingredients.
I decided that it doesn't really matter. I can always wait until the
God Bless ‘Merica!!
Gorgeous, oh-so mouthwatering, and topped with glitter, too! The PERFECT excuse to throw a little soiree in my book. You can find the recipe here at Sweetapolita (don't you just adore that name?). Bon apetit!
Are you afraid of your partner?
Take care of your clothing. Treat stains promptly and sort your clothes according to color. Use the correct temperature. We have outside clothes and shoes and town clothes and shoes for the younger children. Have work clothes and boots for those who work outside and aprons for those who spend lots of time doing kitchen work.
My friend, A., then asked: what if two people committed the identical crime, and one was from a poor family where he was hit every day and always went to bed hungry, and the other was from a well-established family where the child was very loved - should they receive the identical legal judgement?
who has ever worn it, so this means Perri
Tara is a regular contributor to the Huffington Post and has been featured on The Today Show, BigThink.com, Whole Living, CNN.com, USA Today, the International Business Times, Ode Magazine, Forbes, Beliefnet, and numerous other media outlets. She is also a poet, and the author of The Real Life: Poems for Wise Living.
6. A Tear of Sphinx 6:03
Feeding myths of freedom
This cruel world. Lightly though she shone,
Is there any mention of Atlantic Yards Watch, which steadily catalogs the impact of construction on the neighborhood, and the ways the developer and state periodically evade responsibility? No.
However, we rarely encounter true saber-toothed tiger quality threats in our lives these days. Instead, it is the little things that bring in the whoosh. An email from an ex-husband. Too much traffic. The prospect of a performance review. Criticism by a boss or peer. Even weight going up on the scale or a child who is dawdling can activate the amygdala and thereby diminish our ability to think rationally. And once it’s been tripped, it trips more easily, so the cumulation of small stressors has an impact, as does being hungry or tired. Most of us in Western society live with some degree of whoosh on a daily basis.
Why Change? I’m the man in my neighborhood.
“Praise be to the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of compassion and the God of all comfort, who comforts us in all our troubles, so that we can comfort those in any trouble with the comfort we ourselves have received from God.” (2 Corinthians 1:3, 4)
Initially, it was nice to have the small words of encouragement like “This is your 187th post, good job! This post has 133 words.”
Concessions (adults)
The People’s Daily, the party mouthpiece, acknowledged the issue last year, with a poll showing that 91% of respondents believed all rich families in China had political backgrounds. A former Chinese auditor general, Li Jinhua, wrote in an online forum that the wealth of officials’ family members “is what the public is most dissatisfied about.”
metal utensils
Jesus loved his disciples to the end and proved his faithfulness to them even to death on the cross. Through his death and resurrection Jesus opened a new way of relationship and friendship with God. Jesus tells his disciples that if they accept him they also accept the Father who sent him. This principle extends to all who belong to Christ and who speak in his name. To accept the Lord’s messenger is to accept Jesus himself. The great honor and the great responsibility a Christian has is to stand in the world for Jesus Christ. As his disciples and ambassadors (2 Cor. 5:20), we are called to speak for him and to act on his behalf. Are you ready to stand for Jesus at the cross of humiliation, rejection, opposition, and suffering?
Hypothetically, all we need to do is let go of the focus on “me,” of our sense of separateness, our need for distinction, the grasping and clinging to our story. But this is far easier said than done. In India the ego is represented by a coconut, as this is the hardest nut to crack. Traditionally, the coconut is offered to the guru or teacher as a sign of the student’s willingness to surrender his or her ego and let go of self-obsession. Such a symbolic gesture shows that the ego is considered to be a great obstacle on the spiritual path and an even greater impediment to developing true kindness and compassion.
Let me begin by saying that I started this blog because I wanted to chronicle my own experience of having my next novel published through the medium of POD publishing. Naturally, I set out to research the whole area using reference books, libraries, internet writer forums and trade magazines. I last published eight years ago, having become disillusioned with the traditional publishing paths. There are other postings to this blog which look at my views on traditional publishing more closely. Like many people who marry and raise a family, I found day-to-day family life did not leave much time for writing, let alone the intensity and rigours of self-publishing, the energy and effort, the commitment, the phone calls to printers, retailers, planning marketing strategies etc. For a time, I even stopped writing altogether. However, time and circumstance change, very young kids grow older, and suddenly, they become young people with their own independence, thoughts and opinions. They step back more from their parents and try to glide across the icy pond of life. You watch them closely on the thin ice of life, meaning all the time to let them know you are still watching over them, but as Beckett would say, they are ‘upon their way.’ Some might feel that putting your written work forward to POD publishers, large and small, and so many have emerged over the past few years, is also like cautiously gliding on that icy pond. You constantly ask yourself – ‘Am I too heavy, or is the ice just too thin.’ And so, about four years ago, I returned passionately to writing. I had a renewed hope in my heart and the writing came a lot easier. It seemed more accessible, less dark, more precise and tangible. My writing took on a spiritual belief and I sensed I was no longer alone. I felt guided and no longer artistically adrift. Like my kids, I am also still growing older and starting to know who I am. For this, I am gracious and thankful to whatever divine purpose has taken me on this path.
of year to
Me: OK. I give up trying to scare you. You're UNSCARABLE.
In the shower you only wash down to your knees - Wal.
creeps across her virgin flesh
And she replies, "I know. It's just
:::sigh::: Although his birthday isn't until September, it may take another 20 years for me to come up with another idea as awesome as that was.
It's early morning, the tiniest shards of sunlight are peeking through my bedroom window and I'm burrowing under bedcovers, trying to recall that sassy dream about Tom Hardy. You know, the one where he's half-dressed in his fireman kit, carrying a kitten in one hand; a martini in the other? Ah, yes, there it is... I drift off into fireman paradise for a while longer until I feel the presence of someone else, lurking near the doorway.
It was definitely hard to keep it a secret for 24 hours..especially from my Mother! More pictures to come soon!!
Tomorrow is another therapy session. I don’t trust T anymore. I really don’t know why. I can’t point at anything in specific, but I just don’t feel safe with him anymore. And also, I’m a little annoyed with him right now. He knows about my new job. He also knows about my work hours. Yet he texted me today asking if I could move up my appointment by an hour, which is not humanly possible. The thing is, I don’t feel like doing therapy anymore. I don’t feel I get anything out of it. It’s like we’ve reached an impasse. I’m not ready to talk about my abuse in detail, not with T. And it’s not like I can bring my husband to every appointment either. That is why I bring him – because I don’t trust T. I think T’s facial hair is a trigger. He has a full beard, and for some reason that is a trigger. Plus the last couple of times he has been wearing nipple-shirts. As in knitted cotton sweaters without a shirt under, so the shirt just kind of clings to the upper body. Nipple-shirts.
Corn growing farmers are happy with a bushel coming in at $5 to $6—a record.
4000 players minus 2000 players who fell down or burst into tears
Things have been much quieter this week, I don’t know whether to be relieved or not?! I’ve spent the week in the office updating Palm Garden Resort’s TripAdvisor page, battling with Google Businesses to try and get a Places listing (this has been interesting considering that Mercator Assistance, like most places in Rwanda, doesn’t have an address and relies on a Post Box, but Google, in its infinite wisdom, doesn’t accept PO box addresses!), updating the Facebook and Twitter pages, re-designing the Palm Garden Resort website and linking this to TripAdvisor in an apparently futile attempt to get them to recategorise Palm Garden as a B&B not a ‘speciality lodging’, what ever that may be. On top of that I’ve been trying to engage in some direct marketing of Mercator Assistance to Soroptimists Clubs and cycling and triathlon clubs and magazines. Doing all this on African time and African efficiency has been wearing at times! But hey, its all good experience!
Jim wanted to know why there was a model of lots of people standing naked in a shower. So I had to tell him all about that. He seem mortified (as he should). He was sobered at the thought.
Did you hear about the Ex-NBA Idiot that blogged that he was not going to be donating any aid money to Haiti because the Haitians should have not constructed flimsy shanty-town shacks and should have used more condoms?
21. The deepest loch in Scotland, Loch Morar, reaches 1,077ft (328m) down and is ranked the seventeenth deepest lake in the world.
Just thought to give you a quick peek of what I was up to before the moving and the vacations.
These guys…what a bunch of badasses. Their stats are awesome, their fluff is awesome and their models are awesome.
The young man’s green eyes widened beneath his gleaming golden hair, styled just right as were his clothes. Everything clean and nothing out-of-place from V neck sweater to leather shoes. He leaned back from the contact as if he’d been burned.
So, how do you transform the story of Norse god Thor into a light-hearted, entertaining blockbuster? How do reconcile that very delicately with the Marvel story of Thor? It takes a power equivalent to the great, one-eyed Odin to pull that off. And the great director Kenneth Branaugh (Dead Again) possesses just that sort of power.
6 French rolls
DCWV Brown Textured Cardstock
Dwarf patchwork zombies and a metal ball that flies around cutting people up and drilling into their foreheads? Thanks to Phantasm for ensuring those images are seared onto my retina as I close my eyes.
Still not convinced? Here’s the bonus round: When it’s his birthday, you don’t have to stress over finding the perfect thing for him. Simply get him a box of Mrs. Yummikin’s Preseasoned Cat Brains. It’s what you would have given him for dinner anyway, so you know his rotted zombie soul will love it. Better than that, it’s the sort of practical gift his human self would have given you—an item you needed anyway topped with a pretty bow.
This beautiful beautiful woman, so aptly named Grace, left this world this morning on the same day she entered it sixty-eight years ago. She fought a hard battle against cancer for the last seven years and will be greatly missed by all those who knew her. Rest well.
Tell the students today they are going to learn about the last member of the food chain. Review information on the functions of producer and consumer. Then, ask, what is the 3rd member of a food chain? Ask students what they know about decomposers. To complete the discussion and to correct some misunderstandings or misconceptions read as a class "Rotten Logs and Forest Fogs". Ask students to say in a think per share thoughts and feelings the reading triggered. Conclude the explanation by defining decomposers as organisms that decay plants and animals into smaller pieces that can be used again by other living organisms (plants). Show them that they are considered to be a special class of consumers that are distinguished from other consumers because their food consists of dead bodies as well as the solid and liquid wastes from consumers. Emphasize should be in showing that decomposers return matter to the living world, this matter is what plants tale in as nutrients. For that reason, decomposers play a very important role in material cycles.
Born of an egg, with the strength and power to fight, befriend mankind and make rain in times of drought, it is no surprise that the beautiful Airavata is one of the most sacred elephants in world mythology. He truly deserves his place of honour resting on the points of the Earth’s compass, supporting the deities who carry the weight of the entire world on their shoulders.
Writing fiction based on true events? I spent most of late last night and today researching this issue and to my absolute relief I found this very interesting post entitled “Could I be Liable for Libel in Fiction?”on the blog Rights of Writers.
I created this little treat using PTI's Lunchbox die. I stamped Background Basics: Houndstooth over the entire die cut. Now, I usually use the other side for the front, but I decided that I would use (what I consider) the back. I inked up Tag- it's #2 and used some scrap patterned paper from Pretty Pastels. I have a Ghirardelli chocolate tucked inside.
But also very, very, bad.
Slowly, I became fiercely pro-Israel. I even considered converting to Judaism as a kind of reparation. Of course, I never said this out loud. I lived in a Catholic ghetto; though I never ever heard any anti-Semitic remarks, I was on an island of Catholics in a sea of Southern Baptists. Jews — as evidenced by Israel — were admirable but exotic.
We decided to take some pictures as the Hail Storm progressed...I couldn't refrain from taking pictures the next day until the ice was gone. Thankfully our cars were not damaged and it is surprising since the hail stones were quite large as you can see.
5) Strong brothers are goood for hefting 25 lb turkeys out of ovens. However, they aren't so good at cutting those turkeys. We pretty much mangled that sucker. It runs in the family, though. My father has avoided carving any large meat with the excuse that he "failed carving in Boy Scouts". This excuse has worked in our family for the whole of my 37 year existence. I am always very impressed when I am at someone else's house and the man carves. Obviously, he passed carving.....
“Nope. An illegal.”
Apart from the excitement of the sport, I liked Search engine marketing as it challenged Google. Like many entrepreneurs, I rebelled against authority and this included the major G. I didn’t listen to them, I didn’t believe them and I was far more concerned in locating my way around their guidelines and principles than operating by them.
Mark – 11 (No immunity)
The voucher said we had a choice of one from 4 flavors of pizza, and one choice from 4 flavors of pasta. Wonderfully, though, you could order any pasta, just pay the difference in the amount/price in the menu.
*I think that most people would say a student trying to understand instrumentally while being taught by a teacher who wants them to understand relationally, is the more common mismatches. However from my personal experience it is the other way around. I experienced instrumental teaching throughout high school and including some college courses. I also think that a student trying to understand instrumentally while being taught by a teacher who wants them to understand relationally, is more of a problem for the teacher because the teacher is trying to teach them for a deeper understanding but many students just want the surface knowledge needed to get something done as soon as possible.
Here are some pictures of your first Valentine’s day (and the day before because your outfit was SO CUTE). I actually remembered to put your holiday bib on ON the day of the holiday this time. I totally goofed for Thanksgiving and Christmas (ooops). You’re getting so big and we’re falling more and more in love with you every day. We love you, buggy. Thanks for being such a great kid.
It boggles the mind.
She didn't want to go.
The drawing is from the website of Au Pair Rescue, an agency just set up by two good friends of mine. Nothing like an extra pair of helping hands for dealing with kids at mealtimes. I´m not saying the chicken fingers aren´t great, but they can never be as great as that.
More importantly, the remainder of the crowd appeared to be average punters keen to see what good beer was all about. Many, I’m sure, were also there on the basis that the words ‘beer’ and ‘women’ featured prominently in the advertising and they were not disappointed. A couple were probably even there just on the off-chance they’d see Sam Fuss in heels. They were equally not disappointed although the ‘heels’ appeared to be Blundstones.
A Flickering Candle
So a week ago i recieved a call from my gym with a complimentary personal trainer session. I personally thought that would be a good way to get re-motivated and back into the gym! So last night it all happened! it was great! very interesting i havent worked out that hard since i was like 10?! hahaha …I must say did feel good after it! … and this morning i felt great! but this afternoon… i started to stiff up! aww and im hurting! ahhaha lol its so painfull! its crazy ! i think i just need to get some shut eye and hopefully i wake up less sore tomorrow !! … i can only hope.
"It's everywhere!"
$150-200k a year, increase to 7%/7% (14% total)
The kindness of friends, who are healing me (giving me Bowen therapy for my hip) and feeding me (thanks for looking after my boy and for the yum lunch lovely Lara!!)
I'm not sure I'd ever been so happy to be done running. I know I looked like a hot mess as I crossed the finish line (there is photographic evidence, but I'm choosing not to share :o). I tried to stop and let a volunteer cut the timing chip off my shoe, and started more or less falling over. I was drained. It was a bit embarrassing :o). As soon as I stopped running all he muscles in my lower back and down the back of my legs started screaming in pain. It sucked, but it also felt kind of good to know I had pushed myself to the max. I didn't have anything left.
If you feel a full stomach with gas or bloating, you need to do is brew a cup of peppermint tea. This tea is also an ideal drug to relieve headache. Take 1-2 teaspoon dried peppermint leaves. Add hot water to the leaves, then close your cup and let stand for about 10 minutes. After that, strain the herb and you can enjoy homemade peppermint tea.
At this point you can mix everything together and push it to one side of the pan. The beauty of cooking a tofu scramble is that there is no time sensitive, imminent danger of burning it, whereas eggs will burn quickly. The sausage is easy - squeeze it into the pan and let it warm. I like to flatten it with a spatula, sprinkle some cayenne and black pepper on it and cook til both sides are lightly browned. Serve together with tofu scramble and enjoy!
nationally.
Along the lines somewhere, there are times I really forget why I blog. Sometimes, I get annoyed because I really don't want to do it. Am I the only one? Sometimes, it feels like a chore to me. I mean, I know I could get my without blogging everyday, but I feel guilty for leaving the people who actually read my blog hanging... is that normal?
"Was the door to the lunch bunch room closed?" (?!?!?!?)
at its seams
You are mom enough too.
“Kadie, I never told you but I did brag to everyone about catching you. I just didn’t let you know it, I was always so afraid you would realize that my only weakness was you. So I tried to stay two steps ahead of you the whole time. Everyone else knew I loved you, long before I ever let you know.”
I'm hoping that these will get better the more I do them but I don't think that's too bad a start. Please remember that you can always visit me at Art Is Autobiographical if you want to see how the drawing is going...oh, and if you follow the blog you will automatically be entered into a competition to win an original drawing. I put all the names in a hat and select one at random ever month so you have a chance to win every month.
I enjoyed having, "A Painting Day" not far from home.
With some wax.
1 cup oats
love is LOVE
Don’t gaze into your heart,
homemade marinara sauce, optional
ProvoCrafts- Divine Swirls embossing folder
A 50g jar of this cream retails for CAD $24.95.
Jack (10 years 1 month): Abuela said to Jack, “Today’s your Mom’s birthday.” Retorted Jack, “She doesn’t like to talk about it.” (#697)
(This has not made me a beautifully selfless and giving person. More "neurotic and passive.")
3. Look for any cues that may help to "catch" it before the next occurence. While you may not be able to predict all of the meltdowns, just being able to intercept a couple here and there will make a big difference...for both of you. Your child can gradually learn his own triggers and learn other ways to calm himself/herself down. If I see it coming, distraction to something else can usually steer us clear of another storm.
wind disturbing
Frontotemporal Degeneration.
As a matter of fact there is no such thing as a license
A perfect, blameless sacrifice was needed—a man who was without sin—in order to destroy the consequences of sin. That was why Christ came. The first Adam fell from his original designation, bringing everything into ruin. Therefore Christ, Who is called the Second Adam or the New Adam, came into the world to fulfill man’s original designation and restore what was lost. But Christ did even more than that. He not only restored man to what Adam was before the Fall: He gave man the possibility tobecome that which Adam was supposed to become, what Adam could have become had he not fallen.
It’s not actually scary to say anymore, I’ve always been an atheist, even when I was theoretically a Catholic, I was an atheist.
2. After the resurrection, does the “dishonor” in any way remain? Or has it been extinguished?
My prayer for my sweet Cassie Girl is 2-fold. First, I pray that she understands that nothing...NOTHING can separate her from the love of her mommy and daddy OR from the love of God. Secondly, I pray that she understands the principle of extending grace to others. I pray that she looks at situations objectively so that she can be graceful to others...especially this mommy who will fail her more than I can bear to think. Those are the concepts that I am currently working on with her...trying to show her in everyday life and everyday situations.
Because we are a very small company, that works with real craftsman,
Here’s to a Fresh Start at home!
I just wanted to share an engagement shoot that DSP did, with a really great local couple, Michelle and Tim. They were super fun to work with, and it was a really fun evening!
#161 that I get to have fun playing with words
Donna Coughlin
2010.08.29 Pakistan Khyber 2 4 The Taliban kill two local soldiers with a roadside bomb.
Louis Philippe
As I got older and became a writer, I knew I wanted to write about it. But I didn't trust myself to write a historical novel or a literary novel -- I'm not a particular fan of either genre as a reader, and I'm a big believer that you should write the kind of book you love.
ANNIE DUNNE by Sebastian Barry (Faber)
Grace in you, four notes first too full for talk, leaf
“no offense,” he wrote, “but can we stop calling blog posts and blog articles ‘blogs’? unless you actually are composing an entire collection of articles and posts each time you say you’ve written ‘a blog’, you’re really not using the correct term and are just coming off as uninformed and just desperately trying to drop a buzzword (albeit incorrectly).”
When she gets home today, I’m going to have a list of all my foods I’ve eaten, and work with her to put them on the correct blanks. Then I’ll make sure (with her help, of course), to balance my “chart” at supper or for a planned bedtime snack. I think I’ll print off two more copies to let her have one to fill out, and maybe my daughter will join us (hehe)!
The Wall Street Journal published an article on pivoting last week – “Pivoting” Pays Off for Tech Entrepreneurs (read it online). As a computer science major and technology professional (for the past 20+ years), this caught my eye – technology offers students an incredible platform for business! Parents, don’t overlook this.
The woman is stereotypical South of Broad old money, a southern belle born a century too late. Lupus and liver spots render her hands grotesque, but she grips Devoy’s wrist with surprising strength as she speaks. “He’s always got those little white plugs in his ears, never hears a word I say.” Mrs. Murphy wheezes. “And that’s only the times his father makes him come visit me. He just sits in the corner and glares. It ain’t right.” Devoy nods patiently as she struggles for another breath. “You do exorcisms, don’t you?”
Many population these days are fond of using wood for their outdoor furniture. Treated wooden coffee tables and chairs are in examine in the furniture business these days, because of their sheer charm and their charm. Not all of them have been treated with insect repellent sprays so make sure you are ready with some sort of woodworm rehabilitation to keep these wood-eating creatures at bay. You can also use the same woodworm rehabilitation for your wooden deck or indoor wooden furniture.
You wake up in a nightmare world where you can either write or read for the rest of your life – but not both. Which do you choose?
BUT THEN I think, WELL let me look at open calls.
God help us all if you said yes. Moving right along…
“Prism!” He snatched her up, afraid she’d tumble into the water.
Sam grabbed her bag and gear from the study. The doll was waiting for them at the end of the hallway, bouncing impatiently on his toes. He beckoned them out the back door and pointed toward the dark forest that stretched for miles past the gate at the end of their garden. The sun was setting beyond the trees and the evening was warm and humid. Somewhere, a lone robin sang a cheerful song that seemed like an affront to Sam's apprehension.
A study on the island of Sardinia has found that on average shorter men live for two years longer than their taller counterparts.
When one is used to watching the consumption level like a hawk during driving, always striving to never exceed 5.0 L/100km, it’s very disconcerting to watch the gauge rises to 10, 15, 20 L/100 km during this warm-up and stay there, EVEN when you release the accelerator and coast in neutral or come to a stop. Because of our lengthy education through Green Venture about the evils of idling one’s vehicle, this oddity of the hybrid doing its darnedest to idle makes the veins on my head twitch when it occurs.
A friend promptly told Art he was absolutely out of his mind and could never pull it off. Art bet the man $5 he could do it and immediately ran with the idea."
i'm sure you've all heard that some of america's bravest killed one of the words biggest coward. one shot to the head.
May 20th.
Wow! It's been 10 days since I posted last!
Advocates said that chaining dogs is legal in many areas but takes away their ability to run away, making them more likely to bite people.
So I’m trying to slow down. To enjoy my copy edits even when I’m pulling my hair out over comma placements. To appreciate the quiet down time between phases when I’m waiting to hear back from my editor. To be patient while drafting book two, especially when my main character decides to be difficult, when he refuses to tell me what should happen next or how he’d like to react to a given situation. It will come. It always does. The solutions always materialize. The next step always arrives. The clock keeps ticking and the calendar keeps flipping its pages.
So, let's get back to the subject at hand. If you do decide to stay at home, make the conscious decision that your career is working in your home. Homemaking is your new job. Learn as much as you can about what you need and want to do - there is no one size fits all in this, each one of us is different. Manage your family like a little business, you'll need to have short term plans, long term plans, work to a budget and look after your assets. This is real work and often you'll develop self reliance along with all the other skills you develop at home. And that, my friends, is a wonderful thing that will help you all through your life.
(NAN) in Lafia on Friday that
Former "NBC Nightly News" anchor Tom Brokaw said Sunday that the glitzy annual White House Correspondents' Association dinner is damaging the perception of the press among the American public.
Even the cats.
Even though this book is a work of fiction, discovering these ideas and then reading about them was the best part of this book for me. I did not like the story as much and I felt that there was lot of avoidable gruesome violence.
1 continuing
you’ve found new shoulder
I could have said "Well, actually this is Suzie, and based on your tone I don't think I'm the right agent for you" but that could have been awkward so...
Q: Why did you decide to start this blog?
and through the rungs of her seat. The tons
I volunteered there a few times in our first fall here, but in the last 6 months have had a chance to be there much more often. It's solely run by volunteers and it's one of the only no-kill shelters in New Orleans. (Their webite is http://www.animalrescueneworleans.org/).
The far-right extremist murdered 76 people last week after detonating a bomb in Oslo and then gunning down defenceless youngsters on a nearby island.
In March 2011, I was lucky to be among a group of ~30 people who convened in Racine WI to discuss a national agenda for supporting families with a member with intellectual and developmental disabilities. Why? The role of the family is central to individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities across the lifespan. More so than ever before, the family provides medical, behavioral, financial, and other daily supports — these roles are vital and often policy and practises do not recognize them, support them, fund them, etc. As families become the singular central support unit, policy has to emerge to recognize the validity of their position and families have to become equal partners to the policy dialogue.
Today she offered her advice to a few listeners, including to a mom that thinks her daughter’s boyfriend is her true soul mate! Read the letters below and add any advice you may have!
2)
Yep, there's definitely a change in the air. Yesterday was just about perfect, sunny and hot. Summer's last hurrah, it appears, since some cool crisp weather is headed in our direction...nudging us along towards fall.
After a nap we were off to Brody's good buddy Jude's bouncy house birthday party in Fernandina. Let me just say that my boys are all about bouncy houses - they LOVE them. Time we walked in they said hey to Jude and were off to bounce and slide even little man Trevor. He definitely held his own, we didn't have to help him at all.
"Kith" has had many meanings over the years. In its earliest uses it referred to knowledge of something, but that meaning died out in the 1400s. Another sense, "one’s native land," had come and gone by the early 1500s. The sense "friends, fellow countrymen, or neighbors" developed before the 12th century and was sometimes used as a synonym of "kinsfolk." That last sense got "kith" into hot water after people began using the word in the alliterative phrase "kith and kin." Over the years, usage commentators have complained that "kith" means the same thing as "kin," so "kith and kin" is redundant. Clearly, they have overlooked some other historical definitions, but if you want to avoid redundancy charges, be sure to include friends as well as relatives among your "kith and kin."
I posted a couple of days ago a provocative article that did something very naughty. I questioned the continuity between the Judaism of Old Testament times and the Jews of today. It is a tribute to Jewish good manners that my post was greeted with some politeness, albeit with great disagreement.
I stamped Demetri in VersaFine Onyx Black on my Ink, Spray and Smash technique background and then embossed with Clear EP. I have been on a quest to use something really "old" on every project I make through the summer, and these eyelash fibers and the African bead were perfect for embellishing this card.
Dimention: H300cm x W26cm x D11cm
Japan
If you are buying newspapers, just for the coupon inserts, make sure to flip through the newspaper to make sure that the coupon inserts are there. Trust me, I've learned the hard way! It is the worst thing when you get home, to realize that your newspaper is missing the coupon inserts that should be in it!
Being naive, or having Stockholm Syndrome, shouldn't be among your goals.
Brittni: “Although this is a rather pricey item, I find my self sneaking over to the Chanel counter every time I’m working at Macy’s just so I can get the awesome hot pink color on my lips. The color isn’t for everyone, but I find it compliments my green eyes perfectly. I love to wear it especially when I have a more natural look going in my eye makeup. The pop of hot pink is not only trendy but can bring any look from laid-back to va-va-voom!”
Coffee ( Individual sachets)
Thanks so much for joining us this week! We absolutely love this release and we hope YOU do too!
I made an unscheduled call to Wetherspoon's Cherry Moon in Huddersfield last week. What surprised me was a statement on the chalkboard that the pub had sold 2315 pints of cask ale in the previous week placing it 25th in the Wetherspoon estate for cask beer sales. 2315 pints = 330 pints per day which is about 4½ firkins. This struck me as being a reasonable amount but nothing special considering that this is a busy pub open at least 14 hours per day.
“So is See Spot Run,” she replied. “And I got bored of that before I even turned three.”
By the way, I devour move star bios as well.
to wonder why we came
What the hell?
Right, this is the beginning of my new life. I’m going to drop some weight and fulfill my ambition of working for myself as a yoga
1 1/3 cup flour
“The British ocean rower and environmental campaigner has rowed over 11,000 miles, taken 3.5 million oarstrokes, and spent cumulatively nearly a year of her life at sea in a 23-foot rowboat. Her personal creed of taking life “one oarstroke at a time,” and her promotion of the EcoHero movement, has inspired countless people around the world. Roz recently set out to complete the “Big Three” by rowing solo across the Indian Ocean. You can track her progress at www.rozsavage.com.”
Thou follow me, and I will be thy guide,
Did you forget your girlfriend’s birthday? Big mistake! But you don’t have to suffer a cold night next to your ice queen. With a bit of heat transfer you can warm her up and increase your chances of getting lucky tonight. Even though you don’t deserve it, I’m going to teach you how to melt her heart and prevent a disaster.
David is the only person in the Bible whom God describes as a man after His own heart. Despite David’s many setbacks he continually sought to know and do God’s will in his life. Like many of us, his will got in the way of a sinless life.
I fear for the United States of America. Their politics is becoming increasingly polarised, and neither tribe is anywhere close to the right answer.
Higher mountains have come down
LEAH CYPRESS: At the moment, I'm mostly reading adult fantasy and science fiction so I can be an informed Nebula voter. But once I've read everything I need to, my next planned YA read is Kim Harrington's PERCEPTION. Actually, I'm not sure I'll be able to hold out until I've read through all the Nebula nominees - we'll see! I loved her first book, CLARITY (and interviewed her about it here), so I'm really looking forward to PERCEPTION. I will read it in print, because that's still my much-preferred reading format.
Times haven't changed. She is supposed to be working on her math facts. We do...in every possible way you could ever possibly imagine. Not happening. We've made a game of it. We've used flashcards. She plays computer games. Ipod games. Her brain FREAKS out. This has been going on since age 4. She, at one point, could count to 15 and identify her numbers. Then something happened. I don't know who took the key to the math part of her brain or where it is now but I would like it back. ASAP. She is holding her own, though, and using every finger and toe she has. Who needs math facts memorized when you have 20 perfectly good fingers and toes?
Jen: I already watched it; you were great.
For the last month or so I have been sporting some fantastically curious facial topiary on my boat race. Namely a 'handlebar' moustache. Ginger, wiry and oh so funky. Why? Well I recently got involved with a little project with the guys at Movember, purveyors of the 'Mo' and fundraisers extraordinaire, more of which I hope to divulge at a later date but naturally, any association with this charity requires a submission of the razor blade and a commitment to grow to a hairy caterpillar under your nose. So I went for it with great aplomb. I have to say though that opinion on the Mo has been divided, with some detractors commenting that I resemble a German porn star, a member of some cult or worse still, a Victorian paedophile. But other folk have been quite kind. Sophisticated, suave and sexy are just some of the adjectives that have swung my way, the latter coming from my good wife so I've persevered and I have to say, I reckon a lot of people are starting to look at me in a different light. Just the other day for instance, a gentleman in the public lavatory at Upminster station whispered across the urinals at me and asked if I was a friend of Dorothy. "I might be", I replied back, smiling conspiratorially before continuing with "didn't she used to serve behind the bar at The Golden Lion in Romford?" It turned out I that got the wrong Dorothy but still, he was a lovely guy to talk to. I've got his number at home, somewhere.
As Connie spoke, you could hear that Morgan was getting antsy, because her paean to Dick was an elaboration of her problems in years past, and how Dick factored into them. First, she noted that she had been “involuntarily” committed to institutions 17 times, and Dick “pleaded with me” on bended knee to take her Lithium. Then she added that Dick himself committed her once (!). The story was getting SO harrowing that Morgan did indeed cut her
Sense and Sensibility (Luciana Arrighi; Ian Whittaker)
I've always thought it would be a great place to set a novel. The Island has many mysterious corners and quiet, deserted spots, fantastic bird life and of course sailing is very popular.
The good news is that The Specials have decided not to call it quits after all following what was to be the very last show of their three year reunion in London in early November. The news represents a complete about face for the band, who announced the tour would be their very last. In fact, only recently, front man Terry Hall had announced that after this tour they’d call it a day. The decision to continue on was confirmed by Lynval Golding and the band are now hinting that new material may be on the way.
I'm into the second course of the Stanford Continuing Education Online Creative Writing Certficate Program. That continues to keep me busy. I'm learning lots and enjoying it. So maybe, in addition to the big adventure, I'll get a book out of Tanzania. But that'll be at least a couple of years away, so don't worry about my blog going all promotional and author-platformish just yet.
“Hey Aardvark where’s my ashtray, Put it in my room so I can smoke, Let’s hire a race car driver, Drive through the park and just tell jokes, And if it costs too much, I’ll foot the bill, Because I will, Oh oh I would like that, Oh oh i would like that.”
So, I went to sit before sangha to learn how to sit. I'm sure there's a joke or a blues song in that. It was during those classes I was invited to take my refuge vows. Curiosity keep me going to classes, and subsequent visits to the Avolkiteshvara Center over the years I lived within the greater metroplex. Curiosity got me to take my refuge vows. After all, outside of meditation classes, I'd never been to a Buddhist ceremony before.
I found this fairy clear stamp at the bottom of my stamps box. lol
-Whip in a stand mixer fitted with whisk attachment (or hand held beater) until fluffy. This will take a few moments…don’t get discouraged…it will get fluffy!
8. Richee not responding to wake up calls at 10 minute intervals. Argghh, get up and fit into the day that I have planned in my head!! How dare you have your own plans for the day!
With so many new citizens like Angelo Marc Jandugan feeling touched by the PAP for giving them a new start in Singapore, it’s only natural they will cast their votes for it in future elections to keep it in power forever.
Grimmett started plating cricket at a time when there was a complete drought of spin bowlers in the world. Born in New Zealand, Grimmett made his Plunkett Shield debut at just 17. Sadly though, the First World War deprived him of any chance to play Test cricket. After the war, he tried his luck across the Tasman Sea but had to wait till the age of 33 to make his Test debut. He remains the only man to take 200 Test wickets after playing his first Test post-30. He took almost 6 wickets per game in an era dominated by batsmen, bowling to the likes of Hobbs, Hammond, Sutcliffe, Headley and Nourse. Amazingly, in his last series, playing at the age of 44, Grimmett took 33 wickets in 3 Tests at an average of 11.
Here is the actual Second Amendment text: A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. In review of history, the amendment was provided for the following purposes: deterring tyrannical government, repelling invasion, suppressing insurrection, facilitating a natural right of self-defense and enabling the people to organize a militia system.
I'm so glad you're my kid ♥
We Love you all so very much, and we make our exit from this communications with this Love and with this Joy that we have wished to impart unto you with this message.
I have sewn in my jammies but I have not sewn jammies
last day of “Prescott College” CSA share
While the driver spoke to the attendant in Macedonian (yes, there was an attendant even though there were not any pumps), I got anxious. My mind raced to find an appropriate cultural language to ask him to continue and not to turn around (even though we were already 10km out of his way). Yet before I could speak, he put the car into gear while telling us that he would try the next station the attendant had mentioned.
I usually take my phone and iPad with me and hubster does the same. Only tonight was different. The dreaded question...
5. More often than not we couldn’t control the things happening around us, maybe the off-loaded luggage, or some technical failures, but we can certainly control our attitudes toward these things.
Symptoms: SUPER TIRED again!! And my poor belly is SUPER itchy....a bit of rash starting up from scratching =(
If the character successfully rolls under his Fortitude 3 times, he has fought off the infection and suffers no further effects. Any debilitation from the infection will heal at the normal rate. Changing the bandages or re-dressing the wounds allows the character to re-roll his daily Fortitude test if it is a failure.
On the whole - 9/10
I have to assume that any adverse economic impact that could come from gay marriage is either minimal or pales in comparison to the positive. (Nothing we do when it comes to money is truly impact-neutral, so….)
Holy freakin WOW… I can see this so clearly and pray with all my heart, I can share it as clearly!!
Peace, friends.
(1) Our matter-of-fact Western outlook makes it difficult for us to appreciate the highly pictorial language of the Eastern writings
713200 Gambling industries
I am divorced, so seeing my girls, the cat and going over my ex-wife’s house is always a once in a lifetime moment.
With whom Winter conceived;
The Fun Years, God Was Like NoSophomore proper album from the two realest bros in ambient music.
(The inner dial shows the maximum pressure reached, the glass front opens for resetting.)
When he does go he should leave his liver to medical science, there's lessons to be learned from it I can tell you.
Parsley & Pistachio Sauce
Oh. Wait. 7 years later people are still dying, the Taliban still controls most of the territory, and we never got Bin Laden. Are we just sending people there to act as magnets for the bad guys in the hope that we’ll shoot all the bad guys? That’s not how it works.
with strong & precise streaks,
Maisa: Oh stop it, Imtithal. Why are you always whimpering? Can’t you take things more lightly?
I adore “A Moveable Feast,” but one thing sits wrong with me; the manner in which Hemingway obliquely blamed the demise of his marriage on “the rich” and “the other girl.” In Hemingway’s version of the tale, these outsiders seduced him away from Hadley with lavish lifestyles and lavish praise. They offered him everything which in the end was too much. Even though McLain has given us a fictionalized account of this story, it is less deflecting of responsibility and in that way ends up feeling much more real than Hemingway’s “truth” ever has.
Me: Is it nice?
What I do remember is this, I sold out.
The one remaining is somebody I adore,
I think I've overdone it! Now I have some areas that need to be covered. That's what flowers are for, right? I may need a bouquet - LOL!!! Here's how my die cut, color-filled and airbrushed background image looks now.
So here’s to whatever makes your life rich & wonderful–those bouncy, shiny, breezy, wild, wonky, colorful, funky things & people & places & experiences which turn ordinary days into a well-lived, much-loved adventure ~
Take a moment to read Will’s comments and then answer the question: Where do you see this at work in your life?
Read about it here
10But I did not give ear to Balaam; and so he went on blessing you; and I kept you safe from him.
People have tried before to define the sense of place in Yorkshire's Upper Calder Valley. Its village of Mytholmroyd is the spot a certain Poet Laureate once called his "tuning fork". And so, a decade or so back, we were almost treated to the inevitable "Ted Hughes Experience". The project got terribly tied up in bureaucracy, yet even in the process of reporting on those plans, it became clear to me that this "experience" could not be bottled in a visitor centre. It was all around, living and breathing in the collective memory of those locals who, for instance, told me the story of "Teddy Hughes" fishing a live frog out of the Rochdale Canal and putting it down little Betty Lumb's back.
“At book fairs, it is our ‘international’ list that generates the most interest. While Irish people are eternally interested in Irish subjects, the rest of the world is not that excited by them. Of course, the notable exceptions are the Irish fiction writers, who have captured audiences around the world, but I am strictly talking about non-fiction here.”
5. elated: If you are elated, you are very happy and excited about something.
Craft- Introduce craft: What happens to a caterpillar? He changes into a butterfly. What are we supposed to do during Lent? We are to change. We are going to make something to show us how the caterpillar changed into a butterfly to remind us that we are to change during Lent and become more like Jesus.
Always Look on the Bright Side of Life, the cheeky and irreverent tune from “Monty Python’s Spamalot” will have everyone whistling along! It’s a concert change-of-pace that your guys will love to sing.
I hold the key to this land’s creation.
12. Live before them the life of a prudent, lowly, loving, meek, self­denying, patient, harmless, holy heavenly Christian. (10)
If you’ve read our About Me pages, you know that we aren’t 21 yet. But sometimes it’s just awesome to learn about how things are made.
My trick I've discovered to getting my water kefir grains to multiply - double the sugar water for the amount of grains you have and they will grow to that amount. I started out with only one tbsp and in about a month it has grown to almost 3 cups of grains. For example, if you have 1 tbsp of grains and want them to grow, add them to 2 quarts of water with 1/2 cup of sugar and they will double. It might take a few times switching out the sugar water every 2 days, but that's how mine took off.
After lunch if we have curriculum I still want to do and she hasn't imploded on me we continue. If we are done we play/watch tv/do errands/clean house. I am also incorporating a visit to the YMCA so I can continue with my weight loss.
In the 1980s and ’90s, many princelings went abroad for postgraduate studies, then often joined Chinese state companies, government bodies or foreign investment banks. But they mostly maintained a very low profile.
ROBIN WRIGHT PENN (She’s So Lovely)
10. Movin' - Brass Construction / 3:49
Enjoy 20% off at Designs by Jessie
The Sleeping Beauty is another fun Lackey tale, but completely different from her Valdemar novels and her other fantasy work. However, it remains recognisably Lackey. The tale isn't very deep or dark, but it's a perfect read when you need cheering up or just need to lose yourself in a fun, light story. I had fun with it and I'll certainly be back for the next instalment, which is already out, called Beauty and the Werewolf. If you're ever in need of a quick and comfy read, one of the Tales of the Five Hundred Kingdoms, and The Sleeping Beauty especially, will certainly fit that bill.
I tried to kiss you through the ice,
These are not easy anniversaries, no matter how much time passes. I found that after I lost my sister (such a silly phrase, like I’ve misplaced her somewhere), that writing about her helped. I felt better, and closer to her when I drew upon that bank of memories and created stories.
We have people from many different places approach us after performances and say things like “That sounds like music from my country.” It creates a connection. Music is the universal language. When you mix styles it becomes an easier language to understand. It gives us the opportunity to connect with Africans, Indians, Chinese, Argentineans, anyone. It gives us the opportunity to study with them too. We dedicate many of our songs to the people we have learned from. I lived on a Hopi reservation for a month, and have named many of our songs after Hopi words. DJs play our albums on radio stations there. It’s great to have that connection.
OBSTACLES: While a popular hit on the Great White Way, those don’t always translate well to the multiplex. Also the knock on the play is that the story is kind of trite.
This isn’t Sarko’s only link to JFK: his grandmother Adele Bouvier was Jackie Kennedy’s aunt. By everyone’s agreement, the outstanding influence upon Nicolas as a young boy was his grandfather - Adele’s husband Benedict Mallah. Throughout his life, Sarkozy has been highly distinctive in French politics largely as a result of his rejection of State Socialism and espousal of US ‘free-market’ capitalism.
If I had Confederate currency lying around or piles of Monopoly money in my home, I would not be too upset if someone took it. Why? Because these things have little or no value. Their gain or loss is of little moment. It’s a different story when someone picks my pocket. You get the idea.
Isaiah 30:21-22 Although the Lord has given you bread of privation and water of oppression, He, your Teacher, will no longer hide Himself, but your eyes will behold your Teacher. Your ears will hear a word behind you, “This is the way, walk in it,” whenever you turn to the right or to the left.
Recycling is a great way of getting work done, making people happy and also, of improving your own work. You get a chance of over thinking work you’ve done earlier – what a great chance to master a topic.
This we can do only if we are not angry with our critics but will take in good
I am super busy getting some projects completed to send away and I also just packaged some of my kits for a cancer fundraiser and of course I've been getting ready for the new catalog which debuts soon. Wow, I have lots of retired items set aside. Can't wait to refill my shelves with new goodies.
And finally, these sterling silver "hinged" hoop style earrings in sterling silver. I've had these horseshoe shape wire wrapped components on my table for MONTHS now but couldn't perfect the ear wire. Finally, at last I have it! Victory! Yes, this one is worth celebrating!
No second thoughts (at first). I am pumped. So, I hit the cookbooks, the internet, in search of the "Oh, so perfect gingerbread house recipe" (*Please note, there is a difference in gingerbread cookies, gingerbread, and gingerbread house recipes, much, much difference in consistency between the three, I may have to earmark that for a later post!)
I’m not quite sure where blogging belongs in all this. It brings with it problems of its own: template selection, etiquette, comments, quality of writing. And one of the biggest difficulties of all: keeping track of all the blogs. I’ve solved the problem by getting myself a ‘feed reader’. It took me a day to download (upload?) all the blogs onto it, but now it appears to work by sorcery. Every so often a little box pops up telling me that Wife in the North or Drunk Mummy have completed another small work of art.
Alaska is an unspoilt paradise. The terrain and sea is remote, wild and unforgettable. Glaciers and wildlife can all be seen from the comfort of your yacht. Just imagine the blue glacial water set against the snow capped mountains and an enormous range of wildlife. Humpback whales, sea lions and seals and bald eagles are all there to be seen. The presence of man has caused a strange cultural melange of Indian totem poles and the domed roofs of the Orthodox churches. There was once gold in those mountains too
It's just a few chocolate chips tossed into the bottom of a flat bottomed ice cream cone...
Yada yada, tourist money, gradual improvement, fine but not this cultural pornography. Laos would not be in such a state if we had not dropped millions of tonnes of bombs and incendiaries, intentionally and specifically to set children on fire.
The more property a person owns in a democracy, the greater the chance that this ownership will infringe on the freedoms of others. I believe this tendency is inherent within the ideal of property rights. The Robber Barons provided many good examples, with their massive holdings and special arrangements with government that pushed everybody else’s rights aside, including their right to own property. This kind of power is not the same as a state-sanctioned permanent monopoly, but the effect on others is similar. In practice, it had many elements of an extractive economy.
You’ll never know what you’re made of until you get into a real (physical) fight. Can you throw a punch? Can you block or avoid a punch thrown at you? Can you knock someone out? It’s always better to avoid physical fights, but I can tell you that you learn a heck of a lot more from 5 minutes in a street fight than years of martial arts training in a dojo.
Well, he answered, “I’m sitting here as a Republican.” But after he talked with great enthusiasm about the rise of the unaffiliated voter and the challenge to the political duopoly, I posed one more question.
I think reasonable people can disagree as to whether or not chasing a relatively small band of depraved mass murderers around central africa is a reasonable thing for American military personel to be doing. But let’s make no mistake—these are depraved mass murderers. And yet Rush Limbaugh is pleased to welcome them as fellow Christian allies.
Today we have the extreme pleasure of a guest post with author, Barbara Taylor Sissel. Her new novel, The Ninth Step is a wonderfully crafted tale of love, deception, fear, mystery and redemption. Intermingled with the knowledge of the Language of Flowers, The Ninth Step is steps us back in time, while remaining completely relevant to today.
Wiz is adamant he would never jack lyrics from another artist … despite the allegations in a new $2.3 million lawsuit filed by a Pennsylvania rapper named Maxamillion.
A Miracle
As for the models that were painted, the Axer and the Impaler, I went with the standard look that I chose on my Dire Troll Mauler because I didn’t want to use the normal blue color for them. I like the brownish look to them that I chose and so kept in line while painting these guys. I noticed there’s a lot of small details on each of these models like the small Trollblood Whelp that is peekin his head out of the Axer’s bag and the 2 chickens that are attached to the Impaler’s belt. Both really help to make the models stand out and I think it really drives home the nature of the Trollbloods theme. Here’s a pic of both the Axer and Impaler:
Hooking all of the plumbing back up.
100 Perfect Push Ups
she has had enough and is tired of accommodating further abuse.
"Blood of Desire" roars out of the gate, blastbeats at first then D-beats, then, with a Zeus/ Odin-like bellow, hits what is arguably the most "memorable" of the tunes here....
It's never good to see internal workings of your skeletal structure so I calmly, yes without uttering a single curse word walked inside and rinsed it off. Then i called my wife because sadly my truck died earlier in the week thanks to a faulty alternator. i instructed the kids to get their shoes on and we waited for Jennifer to abruptly end her shopping at TJ Maxx so she could drive me to the ER.
Now it's your turn...help a sister (or brother) out.
1 availability
I really am.
Most recent NYR posts:
Defining offensive
I am reworking on my dresser. It is the very one that I have in my living / dining room.
We are enjoying a beautiful weekend up here in the Pacific Northwest! We definitely deserve it after the rainy weather we've had the last few weeks! Mix in a little snow, a lot of wind and even some hail and that sums up our March! It came in like a lion and went out like a lion, too! Today was the first day I've had my sunglasses out since last year! I'm lovin' it!
Fight. Or Flight. Or Laugh.
She tries to sit up.
Most of us tend to take our food and drink for granted — we have so much of it and in so many forms. What if our food was a matter of faith? What if we didn’t merely say “grace” before our meals, but took time to eat with Jesus? What if all eating (including snacks) were a form of holy communion? For me, these are the questions raised by Maundy Thursday. Terrible things followed the first last supper, but in that moment a wonderful thing happened. Jesus gave himself to his disciples in a way that no one could ever take away. With each crumb of bread, each drop of wine, Jesus would be with them — and in sharing the act, a beautiful solidarity and unity occurred. Through this transformation of the ordinary into the exceptional, it is possible for us to be “one with Christ, one with each other, and one in service to all the world.”
Sarah was promised a child, but instead of waiting on God's timing she took matters into her own hands. Because of her taking control of the situation we have and will continue to have conflict in the middle east and beyond between these two groups. How much different would the world be today had Sarah quietly waited on God to fulfill His promise?
I've made smoothies a time or two in the past, but recently I've become addicted to them. I have one for a snack about every day. Don't worry, I'm trying to make them pretty healthy. Besides, it has to be healthier than my ice cream addiction which I'm trying to going to break! And researchers at Purdue found that people stayed fuller longer when they drank thick drinks than when they drank thin ones---even when calories, temperatures, and amounts were equal.
1.Four Season Lover
Here's the South side done.
BLACK BEANS, drained and rinsed
All NEW STRENGTH posts are Copyright by Christina Cook Lee as of the date they were written and posted. Please request permission to re-post or re-blog. This material will be published as a book at the end of 2012, by the grace of God.
With all of that being said, that is where I came up with the title to this blog: Seeking Peace in a Storm. My life is a storm; but so is yours I'm sure. We all have so much that we have to fight through; if we let it consume us, we will never have Peace. The Prince of Peace is who I live to seek each and every day. I don't seek Him perfectly either; I don't always have quiet time or a long prayer time. Sometimes the only "time" I have to just myself and the Lord is when I'm in the restroom! But even in the restroom, I'm seeking Him none-the-less.
His reviews and other online activities are at Santiago’s Dead Wasp.
like a precious latch, its amber eyes
“But I want to talk today not just about his failure but also the lessons it offers for the Labour Party.
Eh. I think I'd probably do the same thing.
Here’s what I saw.
An illustrator and observer, with the eyes and ears of a curious outsider. It’s not quite so simple of course. As Badaude, Joanna sketches herself as the anonymous onlooker, the eyeless axis around whom the action gyrates, but this is more for artistic reasons. In reality, she is just as much an actor as a spectator, as her creation on the wall of the Shakespeare and Company bookshop testifies.
I'm going to plug this on Twitter with the hashtag #readingroulette and it would be great if others could share.
It seems to be a strange way to run a business.
I don't have much of a post, getting busier these days still moving(within B'Klyn of course), more to come on that but here's what stood out to me:
Now that I have this cake figured out, I’m thinking a caramel flan can’t be that hard!
1/2 teaspoon cumin
The Graze website was easy to navigate and chose the boxes to go for, and in the end I chose the Nutrition, ‘Boost’ box selection, because I’m a bit of a snack fiend at work and anything to make my snacking a bit healthy and not so bad for the waistline is a plus for me!
Louise Erdrich
Four non-traditional venues on State Street will be transformed into inviting performance spaces for Muse Fest.
Some time ago I was eating at a Mexican fast food restaurant. As I stood in line for service, I noticed in front of me a very poor elderly lady who looked like a street person. When it came her turn, she ordered some water and one taco. As I sat in the booth right next to her, I couldn’t help but observe and be moved with compassion toward her. Shortly after I had begun my meal I went over to her and asked if I could buy some more food for her lunch. She looked at me and angrily asked, “Who are you?” “Just a guy who wants to help you,” I responded. She ignored me. I finished my meal about the same time she did, and we both got up to leave. I felt led to give her some money. In the parking lot I approached her and offered her some cash. Her only response to me was, “Stop bothering me.” Then, she stormed off.
Hebrews 11:8
I made these Christmas tree cupcakes after seeing picture after picture of similar ones on Pinterest. I had plans on making Devil's Food cupcakes (the next challenge for the Club: Baked group), but can you believe it? I ran out of flour! I bake all of the time, and usually pay close attention to my supplies......how did that completely slip by me? I decided to do a white cake box mix, and then made my own frosting. I again used the Perfect Cupcake Frosting from Our Best Bites (it's the only one I ever use anymore). I tinted it Christmas tree green, and using a large 1B tip, made a tower of frosting topped with a star, and covered in sprinkles. I did have trouble with a slightly too warm kitchen causing a couple of my trees to lean to the side. I kept those for me!
When I read where I was in 2010 it seems like a different person, someone I don’t even recognize anymore. I actually was someone different then. I was so unhappy. Today I am just the opposite. I am full of life! I have confidence, I’m very social, I’m not embarrassed of who I am and I have more motivation than I know what to do with! So, I urge you to take a deep look into your mind: What lies are you telling yourself? Break free from it and start talking to yourself better. This is where success starts.Your mind is powerful and can work for you or against you, it’s your choice.
HERE IS THE TRICK: You have to make sure that in a few minutes when you are done that you stop and listen. The follow up is the most important part. Sending a message that yes, your are important and I value what you have to say has positive and long-term result. What your teaching them is that you appreciate them waiting for you, and you respect them enough to take the time and hear what they have to say. That in turn builds their respect and trust for you as a parent. That is an important thing to strengthen now, so down the road they will feel safe to come to you in more difficult situations.
Focus: Guarding My Mind
I have just read "The Tenant of Wildfell Hall" and feel sure that "Bewick" is the book Anne Bronte shows the young son reading with contentment and interest.
Anyway, just a thought for this evening. Being pickier about which fence we choose to look over could help us and others out quite a bit. Allow me to be a little corny here, but… what the world needs now is love sweet love; not jealousy and envy. And what better way to be open to opportunities we are presented with than focusing our attention on the dried up yards covered in mud instead of the lush green ones.
Give me the heart you have for people Lord. A love that is unparalleled and unchanging. A heart to chase after people in their darkest moments no matter how scary or unsure the situation make look to me.
Encourage alumni to build a successful network of individuals by getting involved with their alma mater and keep in touch with old classmates, friends and faculty to maintain social relationships, and establish great working relationships. In turn, this will create areas of opportunity to keep your school top-of-mind through ongoing communication and networking. Use social media to your advantage. These days, everyone is connecting via the web, and social media forums like Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn can help you keep alumni engaged through events, classmate forums and news updates about your school. Finally, encourage alumni to get involved in planning events such as reunions, job fairs and homecomings. Social and networking gatherings provide a venue for alumni to re-connect and to continue building a successful network of alumni, while keeping their alma mater top-of-mind for volunteerism, donations, and referring future students.
The track posted by Les Chansonettes was released in 1966 and to refute what I said above is sheer class.
14) Dallas Cowboys: DT/DE Michael Brockers
Unmentioned was the veiled threat offered by NYU, issued some eight months after Hultin announced ambitious growth plans in a July 2006 document called “The Future of Poly” (right). Hultin prediced 800,000 square feet of high-rise construction. Construction of a new building was to begin in the fiscal year starting July 2008.
1/3 cup blended cheese Colby and Monterey jack 2%)
In hushed tones, so that my colleagues in the adjacent cubicles wouldn’t hear, I scheduled an appointment for that afternoon with the handler of a bedbug-sniffing dog. I tried to relax, but soon my entire body felt as if it was breaking out in a rash. By the time I left work at 4 p.m., I was in full-fledged panic. As my anxiety heightened, my skin only grew hotter and itchier.
2 parts white grapefuit juice
By Patrick Poole
(Now would be a good time to tell you that it's futile for me to try to get a word in edgewise during these talks, I don't bother trying much anymore.)
the poison
Creme snorted. “That’s not a real situation.”
This is a very unique lavender soap and I just had to feature it when I saw it. It is so different and a very unusual combination of ingredients. I think it is wonderful!
And no one feels it more than the migrant worker with limited English. When I ask R why he is sad, he says ‘It’s nothing. It’s everything. It’s the system’. He tells me why he is so worried right now. In the last place he lived he had a contract which had all bills included. After he moved out he received a notice from Thames Water asking him to pay the water bill, which was in his name. He spoke to them to ask how a bill could be in his name if he had never had anything to do with the water supply contract; he showed them his contract as proof. They apologised for the inconvenience and told him it was sorted. Less than a month later a debt collecting agency had written to him explaining that this matter was now in their hands and that if he didn’t pay up they would take him to court. He spoke to them to ask how a bill could be in his name if he had never had anything to do with the water supply contract; he showed them his contract as proof. They apologised for the inconvenience and told him it was sorted. Two weeks later a second debt collecting agency wrote to him. Now he tries to get a second bank account because he has reached the overdraft limit of his first one. Barclays says they won’t give him one because his credit rating is too bad. Why is it bad? Because of this water bill. R feels trapped in a web which he can’t get out of because his English isn’t good enough.
Haha well...yeah. I guess it's a bit of a scary name when you hear it at first, but if you put the name in context with the lyrics it all makes perfect sense. (to us at least).
Rene ~ September 11, 2011
I’ll have to admit that the whole issue was very confusing at first. Buy Danish, but don’t buy Arla! Whenever I went to get my weekly supply of Havarti, I had to look closely to make sure that an unobtrusive little Arla logo wasn’t on it somewhere. And if Arla was the only brand of Danish cheese in the store, I had to go get a six-pack of Carlsberg to console myself with.
Photo requirements (see examples):
Detectives are now preparing to make more arrests after they revealed they suspect up to 50 mainly Pakistani-born men took part in the abuse.
This is good advice. Trust me, I know I'm right about this.
I let him decide whether or not he wanted to take the risk.
I've made a new friend. He is another sweet bird that has been coming to the feeder we have on the deck. As soon as he arrives, he whistles loud. And I respond from the kitchen:
How does Peter fit in then? He did fit in perfectly when God was dealing withIsraelnationally. But whenIsraelwas set aside and God began dealing with man in this age of Grace, Peter was also set aside. However, God will resume His dealing with His people and so allIsraelshall be saved according to Romans 11:26. Meanwhile, today, the gospel is “For by grace are ye saved, through faith and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God.”
When we took over plot 114, the soft fruit area we had inherited really was the problem area. The raspberries had been completly untended and had spread across the whole area. The strawberry patch had ran amock too and I have disposed of no end of runners and plants. The whole area really put Amy off taking on this allotment but I managed to prod her in the direction of all of the positives and remind her that 'in the summer' it would all look fantastic. The patch was also covered in prickly brambles and blackberry bushes, and seeing as there is a bush behind our garden already, we know we have a good supply and therefore could eliminate them from the allotment completly.
Saskia suddenly drops her mum’s hands and turns round on the trolley.
At 2 years 3 months Itty Bitty can say to me, “No, mommy, I do it myself!” and she can say, “Help, me mommy!” for anything she wants. Sure, she can’t put on her socks all by herself yet, but she wants to try and when she obviously needs help I put them on in a way that allows her to finish the job in some way. The idea is to give her the opportunities to be part of the process. At 9 months all she could do was a non-verbal refusal and postive body language to communicate the same exact requests she can now verbalize.
Bus transport:
The smothered pain, grew uncontainable-
1 mahogany
Anheuser-Busch, Inc. Bud Ice Light
You look better without the lace.
What seemed to blow most away was the strength of the Digital Zone and its vibrancy which I actually felt was missing from the trade stands. The Earls Court 2 almost seemed like a doffing of the cap to the Digital Zone as if it was something happening outside of the industry and needed to be placed at arms length. Random House were...well, Random House, two walls of their large 8th foot stand keeping out anyone, as if to to say, as always, we're doing it our own way, so don't get too close. They were busy, always, with authors and business of the like, but then, there are always busy doing their own thing and making their own statements. Perhaps, next year, we will see bouncers deployed for their stand. No need for riff-raff!
Mix together in baking dish
So, we managed to convince both toddlers that we could find somewhere to play, as neither were ready to get back on the train, even though they both love them.
It’s a website for unsigned artists, and is highly recommended by companies such as; BBC, Music Union, PRS for music, etcetera.
Because they offer a 30-day guarantee as well, I figured I had nothing to lose. I finally placed my order after my Sprint phone dropped my call a couple times (oh, irony).
3) Print the cute little sign above.
yourself mentally first?
to be written on your wrist
But she knew it wasn’t the city so much as the energy of the place. Ten million people crammed into jam-packed streets, everyone trying to get somewhere, all of them convinced that their particular mission trumped everyone else’s. If her driver worked in another city, say St. Louis or Abilene, she felt certain he’d be far less disagreeable. Audrey, on the other hand, just wanted to survive long enough in New York to catch the tail of her dream.
The jury decided that Hataway was guilty of attempted first-degree premeditated murder, burglary of a conveyance with a battery, false imprisonment and robbery.
Oh I do love that man.
What a year this has been! I cannot believe how quickly 12 months has gone by. It seems like yesterday I was pregnant and putting away Christmas decorations, and here I am, staring at a decorated Christmas tree waiting for the ball to drop on December 31, with two healthy and beautiful little girls asleep upstairs.
SUMMARY (30/04/2012): At least 10 martyrs have been killed by Assad’s forces today, beside 9 or more who were killed in the bombs in Idlib. Syrian forces also opened fire on people skiing inside Lebanon, injuring one, while the Algerian journalist Anwar Malek (the first to resign from the Arab League observers) has been beaten up in France after recieving many threatening emails. Syrians are already demanding their human rights and protection inside Syria, do we now need to demand human rights and protection for people in Lebanon, Turkey, France etc too?
Tord Gustavsen didn't swing at London's Queen Elizabeth Hall last week. He didn't even try. The Norwegian led a quartet through a hushed recital that conjured images of majestic icebergs and frigid urban landscapes.
The crush’d head I dress, (poor crazed hand tear not the bandage
Adjustment through power-the autocratic personality type-these people behave in ways that can be described as ambitious, energetic, playful organization and leadership. In reflective response, people with this personality type tend to “pull” or “push” others into respectful admiration, submission or dependence, looking up to the autocratic personality type.
So happy that he initiates to do it ! :)
Of those, the only headline that correctly describes the position is from the Financial Times. It is undoubtedly true that an appeal has failed on forced retirement – so well done them. The others all make the story more interesting – and more straightforward – than it is. They give the impression that there is now some general right for employers to force employees to retire when of course it is much more complicated than that (mind you, fair play to the BBC for adding ‘suggests’ to the end of its headline – good try)
JOHANNESBURG – Justice Project South Africa (JPSA) hereby confirms that its National Chairman, Howard Dembovsky has laid formal criminal charges against Deputy Chief of the Tshwane Metropolitan Police Department, Mr Ndumiso Jaca for violating Section 68 of the National Road Traffic Act.
-O,then do tell us..said the Dutches...and I'm sure Miss Moussie would like to hear it too...
Fate touched his lips to mine, Death watched with Destiny as Fate pulled my spirit from my body. Then he pulled away, his hand never straying from my arm.
A song for Mama – Boyz II Men
As I’m sure you’ve already realized, I decided to go with a small press. I actually feel very confident about the decision for several reasons. One, this particular small press has a strong name, with a good sales record. I talked to several of their authors and they are all very happy. Two, they have an award-winning cover art department. Three, they have a reputation for having excellent editors. Four, they were willing to make changes to the contract to make me happy. And five, they expressed interest in publishing the entire series that I have planned.
We’ve had the privilege of seeing readings and workshops of plays in development that subsequently go on to receive professional productions (including "The Phantom Tollbooth" and "Flat Stanley"), as well as enjoying performances and presentations from such distinguished guests as Alan Alda, Alec Baldwin, James Salter and Julie Andrews.
A Little Information About Me: I am married and have three adult children, two daughters and one son. My daughter-in-law also lives with us. My husband works as a security guard and I stay at home. Sometimes I take in small sewing jobs.
Now, again, don’t get me wrong. Healthcare reform was no reform – but because of Republicans and Democrats who are no better than Republicans.
As a growing number of media headlines attest, pepper spray and Tasers are finding their way into our public schools. Yet, there are documented risks associated with using them on children, particularly those with asthma or other health conditions. When applied in a school setting, pepper spray has been known to cause severe reactions, in one instance sending several Texas students (including innocent bystanders) to a hospital after the officer's pepper spray got into the school ventilation system.
But promising indicators won’t end doubts about whether NASA can transform itself into an honest and effective dispenser of funds to others. It also must not fall prey to the urge to protect its own role by unfairly limiting private actors and pursuing its own high-cost projects for seemingly no other reason than to generate large spending bills that satisfy the pork-barrel instincts of individual lawmakers.
“I have no right to be unhappy, which is almost the same.”
As if I didn’t need another reason to sew, along comes these beautiful stars in these gorgeous styles at the Film Independent Spirit Awards. Somehow these seem more wearable and interesting than what they’ve had in previous years. Anyway here are my favs!
Before we went down, us girls made a plan. My best friend hadn’t used her pasta machine from a couple of christmases ago, so we thought we would give it a whirl. We’d make the pasta in the thermomix and then make large ravioli, filled with three types of fillings. We were making elaborate canapes, finishing with creme brulee for desert. The boys hadn’t even discussed theirs prior to the day before. We were going to cream them…
"Hold on now," Kristy says, eyes wide and disbelieving. "We have a Ministry of Evil Affairs?!?"
Sarah Allen
Anti-Star-Axis City.
But also countless, and a dome numinous;
We all knew what that noise meant:
Mortensen JT. Risk for reduced sperm quality among metal workers, with special reference to welders. Scand J Work Environ Health 1988; 14: 27-30.
"I am 100000% sure that The Statue of Liberty IS the father" Falls to ground in shock when the results are read out.
The media has the power to change our perception of a company. By continuing to cover negative news, the media can influence the general public to believe that future news will also only be negative. This is what RIM needs to work on changing.
During the visitation, they look over and notice a black woman crying while visiting her convict husband.
Nonsense, it’s not complicated. The festival webpage says that they are holding back at least 200 tickets per session for sale at the public sale day, which this year is on 10 December at the Catholic Cathedral. Why not scrap the public sale day and just put those 200+ tickets on line? You’re not obliged to put all the tickets for your event on-line: just the number you want to. I’ve set up an on-line ticket system myself, and I know that it’s very easy, very quick and free to the organiser, with the additional benefit that people who live further away might have a chance of getting in. Perhaps you're wondering how this service is funded: the on-line ticket company charges the customer 10% extra (with a 50p minimum). A £7 ticket would cost £7.70, and that 70p is considerably less than the bus or train fares into Liverpool city centre.
INTERMEDIATE FICTION
It's all a juggling act , but we keep doing it, because there's the promise of things to come.....
How about these places? Do you know where they are?
And just like we mentioned last time:
Many years ago my Dad worked at a quartz mine. He brought these samples of crystal home as he believed they might bring him good luck. When he passed away I acquired them and they have a special space in my office. Dad was not the superstitious type and I was always amazed that he thought these stones were lucky!
Anyway. Michael Evans!
Then she smiles at me with pity,
I used acrylic paint on the box for color.
Be sure to keep following along on twitter @averagejakeff
I also got the to FaceTime with the kids that night and found myself getting really emotional. So much so that Larkin proceeded to try to wipe my tears from the iPhone screen. Kellen even gave me a few huge smiles, but thankfully did not seem at all concerned about me being in the phone instead of there. I am so grateful for that. I needed to see them happy and doing well.
However, here are some stunning examples of the most popular BM whites...
I am thankful that my heart knows and tells me that these are not my adopted children. These are my children. Period.
Getting through Shimoga in the dark was a bit of a pain but there were people at almost all the major intersections and I went asking for Sagara. The road had been bad in patches near most major towns and it was worse leaving Shimoga. And there were uphills in store to boot. I stopped outside the flood-lit gates of a big educational institute after about an hour of riding because the nape was killing me. I refilled water from the large can in the watchman’s cabin where there were two guys sitting while a sweeper swept the entrance. I stretched a bit, trying to relax the muscles in my neck and back. No one goes in 100 percent fit, Matt
After scrutinising all of our families insurances, telephone and utility contracts, subscription of different types, retirement plans, childcare, dry-cleaning etc. we ended up with more than 2000 EUR additional per year (=165 EUR per month)!
I love the golden glow the low sun has cast on these photos of the books pages.There really is something special about the light at this time of year.
I’m in love I’m all shook up
So do I rail against my own morose, morbid, miserable state and force myself to do something or do I simple try to ignore it until whacked upside the head by my muse and jump on a new project like a kid with a new bike? Right now, I feel what’s the point in editing something – I don’t feel like searching up yet more places to submit. What’s the point in writing something as …well there is a long list of reason not to write.
(* = meal all ready to pull from the freezer!)
GEPPO 36.5 (Sept-Oct 2011)
Brioche french Toast, stuffed with Marscapone and Marmalade
grab my A++ and brag about it to your friends :)
Strictly Bi : Last Call - Jamie Joy Gatto
In fact, I only recommend a wristband if you want to see many bands in many locations over 3 or more nights.
We’re now staying with Frances (youngest daughter) and Kel for the weekend before going down to Devon next week to get James’ dental treatment finalised. However, before we left…….!
“I was fully awake, remembering I was dreaming of your post on Don McLean’s ‘American Pie.’ I could not remember any detail but the thought was clear. I checked the time and it’s 1:57am. I closed my eyes supposed to sleep again when suddenly it dawned on me that I saw in the dream instead the title “A.A.A. Allen’s Vision” though I knew it was about Don McLean. Then I was startled with the very strong thought and opened my eyes again, that Don McLean and A.A.Allens’ Vision go together. I felt the urge to check the time again, and the clock said 2:10am. For the first time I could not help but get up and record what I believe is a very important message. Then when I checked the time as I sat down to write, it’s 2:13am.
What will it be like to have our youngest son finally all done and graduated from college? Final payments made to the school and now he's ready to move out and be on his own!
112th CONGRESS
My question is - should I ask her about it? If my charge does have this condition I would be able to do research. I would be able to help him with skills, learning, and communication in more effective ways. Or should I just leave it and let MB come to me? Should I tell MB what else N had told me about my 2 year old charge? I know I should just leave it alone but I want to help this child more effectively. But I also don’t want to add fuel to the fire. Thank you.
River Silks Ribbons are sold individually; available from your LNS. They have over 240 colors; both solids and patterned. They come in 4MM, 7MM and 13MM widths.
and the title is back in its place - at stamford bridge! I'm on a natural high.
And about a dozen more.
What I'm taking: Health Team Building, Community Health Promotion, Biostatistics (won't bore you on this one!), and Intro to Nutrition. My nutrition class is going to be packed with everything I ever want to know on what nutrients we should be getting, how many calories, how to read all nutrition labels, portion size, metabolism, fat storage, how food breaks down, how to lose weight, etc etc.
Brodhead concluded his June 5 remarks by noting, “To make a mistake, to recognize it as such, and to take responsibility for making a change might be said to be the essence of education.” As he noted, people must “recognize” their mistakes before benefiting from the fruits of education. A president dissembling about the actual content of his public messages constitutes denial, not recognition. Is such a figure capable of leading a great institution of higher learning?
With her strength my own empowered.
I am that girl. A girl with issues.
If there were any way that I could persuade all parents to be kind to their kids, I would do it. I would shout it from the mountain tops and sprinkle magic dust on all parents on the day their child arrives.
The Red Mill was adapted from a 1906 stage production of the same name. Liberally adapted, not just because the source material was an operetta, but because Davies’ own part—the lead role—wasn’t even in it. The original Red Mill was the story of a burgomaster’s daughter, in love with one man, but forced to marry another, wealthier, more powerful one. That story remains in Marion’s version, but is now a subplot: the daughter, Gretchen (Louise Fazenda) and the lover, Jacop (Karl Dane), now played as homely but lovable fools. Tina, apparently the only hired help at the inn where Gretchen’s holed up, spends her days in bullied servitude beneath the whip of a tavern proprietor, Willem (George Siegmann). She’s scrappy and accident-prone; a dreamer but a hard worker too, happy to roll up her sleeves and make the best of her lot. The movie suggests she’s an orphan.
Enjoy these Christmas "Pearls of Wisdom" from some of today's most beloved writer's (Tricia Goyer, Babbie Mason, Suzanne Woods Fisher, Shellie Rushing Tomlinson, Sibella Giorello and more)! Please follow the series through Christmas day as each contributor shares heartfelt stories of how God has touched a life during this most wonderful time of the year.
I wish my daughter could talk and tell me how much she loves me. She loves to watch me try and make her laugh, smile or clap, I know that much. At least my son can speak the words, but does he really understand what he’s saying? Probably not, but he sure does know how to make me feel good with his hugs and kisses. I love his confidence, and I love my daughter’s stubbornness to just smile at us while we dance around like crazy fools, talking in jibberish and what we really want is that gut busting laughter that we know is inside her. But she won’t let it go. Why? Because she won’t try and let us tell her what to do. She’s her own person, confident in who she is, and crazy beautiful. And she’s only 8 months old!
Paper Cup is another highlight of the album. Slow, intimate and full of scars. Almost a haze between pre and post breakup emotions. Glen’s finger picking on the guitar does what’s necessary and a drum beats almost monotonously in the back, only adding to the song.
To me, Memorial Day weekend also meant the unofficial start of summer. Ocean City, New Jersey was open for business and the shoobies were flocking to town. We used to laugh at the Pennsylvanians who clogged the roads trying to capitalize on the three-day weekend. They crowded the boardwalk and bought Budweiser visors to wear with their black socks and sandals.
Publication Date: 5 Jan 2012
On a more positive note we have some new teamies too!
I’m so thankful that another week has gone by! I’m 28 weeks and doing well. I had an ultrasound today and Munchkin is still a girl! I was a little nervous since at the last ultrasound they took a while to decide that she was a she. There was no mistaking it today! I would have been really upset if she was really a he. I’ve become quite attached to my daughter. We’ve been calling her by her name and it would have been difficult to change it. We got the see her heart beating and it looks like she has some hair growing already! I hope so…with all the heartburn I’ve been having she should have hair! The tech also said her legs are long…since The Man and I are both short we weren’t expecting this. There is height on each side so at least we know where it comes from!
White warns that journalists should: “Make the most of social networking sites, but not use them to replace old-fashioned methods of journalism.”
Synopsis:
But all that just makes me pretty disinterested in continuing the book. There’s a point I reached, though, where I just couldn’t bring myself to read any further. And that’s in month six, where they bring this gem:
I love the way the reflections look – all curved and twisted.
Since finding out we were pregnant (only a week or so after our wedding…yah, we’re classy like that), I have been in sort of a state of shock. At first, shock and denial, because I figured for sure this one was going to go the way of the dodo like the previous five attempts, then shock and disbelief, because I couldn’t believe the wonton was really “sticking,” and then shock and amusement, as my belly and body have grown to ridiculous proportions (who knew it was possible for my nose to look swollen like this for so long?), and now shock and anticipation, over how much our lives are going to change in only a few short weeks.
The main character seemed a little undeveloped, but I still rooted for her. The plot was a little predictible, but I find that's true of almost all YA paranormal romance. The girls in this book seemed more like 10 than 17, though. At the beginning, I kept checking back to make sure I'd done the math right--I don't see 17 year old girls running everywhere and yelling to each other all the time, calling each other 'honey bunny' and stuff like that. I'm not sure the author is very aware of what high school girls are like.
On behalf of Imps fans may we thank Councillor Kathleen Brothwell, the 805th Mayor of Lincoln (since 1206) and the many Bantams and Imps who attended the service.
17 I'll be Alright (Teetoffs remix)
All of the above is really a prelude to what we actually did in the city! We went to New York to see and do stuff, after all!
She soon meets the other residents and often encounters a shadowy figure lurking in the background. When girls begin to disappear Kristen decides to find out exactly who the ghoulish figure is.
Good thing we invested in a steam cleaner, one of the few things I can thank landlording for.
(Eddie tells me his girlfriend has a crush on Jake Gyllenhall.)
I can remember waiting at the train station with my grandfather – waiting because we had come too early, way too early. (My grandfather was not a man to cut it fine, to race the clock, to risk being late.) I remember wanting to cry, such was my frustration, and then actually crying . . . for no other reason than that I could not stand the limbo of waiting.
He’s very big in Japan and in Sweden and once, entering the United States to appear on shock jock Howard Stern‘s show, was recognised by a Customs man who asked for his autograph.
"Have a nice day!" I interrupted him and burst into the entrance. He kept the flyer and I fumed. Normally, I would have said "Elisa?" like I didn't know who that was, but my name was on the flyer--stupid luck! That was the end of it. I turned into a beast. I'm one of the nicest people around and now I know why. I take all of my pent-up rage and send it toward this poor man.
Black Wednesday took place on the 3rd December 2008. It was the day when nearly all of the big 6 publishers took the scythe to editorial jobs and, in some instances, entire imprints. Publishing has never been the same since as the amount of titles produced was drastically reduced, and talented writers despaired as contracts were cancelled, and agents sent out "Dear John" letters to clients - (I know this because I received one!)
The session #52 was based on beery collectibles, what is beery stuff do I collect?
This is my just in case card ; ) In case my daughter had a girl lol.
Thanks for looking Sue :o)
He sheltered us in His shade.
I read the UK online newspaper, the Sun, and today they have a story about a mom who gives her daughter - age seven - botox fillers in the forehead and lips, has tattoo'd her daughters eyebrows, and plans on tattooing her seven year old kids lips next year. And its not illegal!
If I am going to the gym alone there is no way I can do it without some tunes to help keep me committed. What is great is that you can set the music for different workouts. So I have a ‘chilled out’ playlist that I use for Treadmill running, so I can focus on the music and just keep running. Then I have a heavier playlist for weight training, helping me get just a bit more out of each set.
I replied that we had to make it work as there was no better choice. But she was right. We were asked to leave Malaysia before two years had passed.
Sunday, 29 April 2012
Today, we think more like the Greeks than the Hebrews. To us if he says “on the third day” that’s what it means to us. It’s we who have the problem with the addition of Jewish Matthew “after three days” or “after three days and three nights.” He didn’t mean what we would mean if we said “after three days and three nights.” He didn’t mean 72 hours.
Uh-oh! It's a civil war between Bill Gates and Steve Job in the Erudite faction! But Jobs has done so much for the world's technology. (Note: even though he died roughly a year ago, I'm still including him the present part since he's 21st century)
The last day of summer 2011 was a few days back and it only took one day for the weather to change to the "normal" northwest fall. Blustery winds, grey skies, and rain. Oh the normalcy of it all! It's good to be back in our Vancouver house and see how our yard has changed over the past few years. It's amazing how quickly things grow.
...For after this premised, He proceeded immediately: "I am the true Vine, and My Father is the Husbandman," that you might know that the Father is greater in so far as He dresses and tends our Lord's flesh, as the husbandman dresses and tends his vines. Father, our Lord's flesh is that which could increase in stature with age, and be wounded through suffering, to the end that the whole human race might rest guarded from the pestilent heat of the pleasures of this world, under the shadow of the Cross whereon Its limbs are spread. Ambrose also served as a Catechist for Augustine of Hippo and his Confessions (Book V.13) tell of their first encounter.
In annihilation really. Ziad and I were practicing today, and we came aloft a little beyond of Patrick. I in actuality accept no clue what I'm doing. If I play guitar, aggregate is automatic. Annihilation is decidedly conscious. Aggregate comes naturally.
I am worried about the crowd too. Especially on a night like tonight, when the crowd was huge, surging and aggressive. The other night, some girls screamed out of fright from their side and jumped onto her. Two nights back, a chap snatched her prop leg and attempted to run off. Last night, a man asked her for 4 numbers!
If your guy happened to have “commitment issues” (ohh poor guy) here is what you gotta do:
As a kid, I would have loved to find a book like this because the message I would have taken from it is, “You know, everything is going to be okay.” So, I would hope that any kid who wonders about the future finds his/her way to Murphys. It’s a book for kids who worry about fitting in or standing out. It’s a book for kids who have ever been afraid of who they are or who’ll they’ll grow up to be. It’s a book for anyone that wants to be a hero—not a drag-people-from-a-soon-to-explode-car kind of hero (although that’s cool!) I mean a be-the-best-person-you-can-be-and-take-care-of-the-people-you-love kind
BREWERY UPDATE
Micha gawked. What did he mean by that?
But with Gullstruck Island, it seems as if Hardinge is at last learning to sit the wild horse of her imagination; it might still be going at a hell of a lick and over more miles than many will be able to travel with her but there's a stronger sense of a controlling hand on the reins.
Either way tonight could be a crucial night at the top and bottom of the division.
"Wait on second thought, this looks complicated...these things will take too long to cook..I can't do that..."
If you’re not impressed, that’s your problem.
2 ripe avocados, halved, stones removed, peeled
Today I severed that connection…I tendered my resignation…
But I went on with the program, hoping that my penchant for (politely) correcting other people’s grammar would be enough to keep me interested in the editing part of my studies. It took me awhile to realize that the two subjects were paired together for more than just convenience.
On a wire rack lined baking sheet, season pork belly on both sides with salt, pepper flake, fennel seed and coriander. Leave on rack in refrigerator overnight. The next day remove pork belly and allow to come to room temperature. Preheat oven to 275 degrees F. Heat an oven-proof pot, such as a Dutch oven, on the stove over medium high heat. Place grapeseed oil in pan until oil starts to shimmer. Place pork belly in pan and begin to brown on the fat side. Once browned turn pork belly to the other side and brown. Once brown add onions, carrots, celery, garlic, stock and herbs. Bring stock to a simmer, place a lid on Dutch oven and transfer to oven and cook until tender, but not falling apart (approximately two to three hours). Remove from oven and allow to cool in braising liquid. Remove belly from liquid and cut into six pieces and place back into liquid.
-Daddy did you know that horses don't gallop they walk? APRIL FOOLS
I recently became a NEET (recently being late last year), and while I do enjoy the free time filled with no stress, I can feel depression setting in already. I have three books I could read, I have tons of anime to finish watching, and yet all I ever do is refresh the same few websites. I lack motivation even to eat, and would subsist on TownHouse crackers if not for my parents. Some part of me feels as though I should be ashamed because my past teachers and such would look at me in disgust if they saw my situation, but I realize I live for no one else but myself, and to bother myself with how others think or feel is an unnecessary nuisance.
Last week Connor read about marsupials in his science book. He was especially intrigued by opossums. The author recounted a story of having a opossum as a pet and showed a photo of a baby opossum.
I do not touch the paint with my hands. Any paint that gets on my hands is cleaned off immediately. Also, my cup of tea is not directly near my turp can. This prevents me from dunking a paint filled brush into my cup of tea. Guess how I know this!
Today’s appointed Gospel reading for this Saturday in the Octave of Easter is taken from the 16th Chapter of Mark. It concludes with a command from the lips of Jesus, given to his disciples, given to the whole Church, given to you and me assembled here today: “Go into the whole world and proclaim the Gospel to every creature.”
It is just the actual being in the room part for an hour and a half when it is hot as hell that keeps me from losing my senses and diving in full force! Hahaha
It has never been easy to be a musician but the Internet has made things a bit easier for us I think. Globalisation and access to Internet has given us tools to share our ideas and distribute our works worldwide at a click of a mouse. How can we use use these opportunities to our advantage?
Tracy Bach—Professor of Law, Vermont Law School
The Bible says “But you shall receive power (ability, efficiency, and might) when the Holy Spirit has come upon you”. (Acts 1:8 AMP). What you need do is recognize and agree with what the Word says; tell yourself “God has given me special abilities, and I’m putting these abilities to work in my life.” Remember that God doesn’t have a duplicate of you; He has deposited in you gifts and abilities that set you apart and make you do things in a unique way. What a wonderful blessing! You can express the beauty of God from your spirit in a way that no one else can.
It cannot cripple love.
Now for some Christmas shopping...
and while things are not 110% certain,
Alas, although her interview went really well, the job was given to a much more experienced teacher. It was brilliant experience though and she will now go to her next interview with more confidence....and that one is this morning!!!! Please wish her luck.
He wrapped her in a solid and secure embrace that was a haven from the ugly matters surrounding their lives. Brina lifted her face, seeking his kiss, and Conner didn't disappoint her. His mouth took command of hers, pressing her to open her jaw and allow his tongue to thrust boldly inside. She quivered against him, her body eager for the hard thrust of his flesh against hers.
3nos Garlic cloves
Any agreement that the parties agree upon the compensation according to the first paragraph of this Article shall be granted and allowed.
3. Bake in the preheated oven until the tops are lightly golden, 10 to 15minutes.
I have a rough time choosing when it comes to plants & pumpkins. There are so many choices & I would try to fit them all in my little Honda Fit if Chucky didn't stop me. So I took my time wandering & snapping pictures of the multitudes that wouldn't be journeying home with us.
STRUGGLE FOR LIFE & BIRTH OF WORLDS
While answer ‘One lives for themselves’ seems obvious. But on a minute of thinking it extends immediately to the near and dear ones. This then to me was not too convincing. But neither is the next obvious one ‘One live for others’ sounding all too right.
Alex stopped by yesterday and said I could still post my top ten music list. Ain’t he the sweetest?!!!
Well I sure hope you decide to join us for the "Monogram Challenge" You can use ANY cartridge. It just has to be a NEW creation and please add a link to BBTB2. Also there have been some new issues with the Word Verify on the comments on some of the participants blogs and We, at BBTB2, would love it if you could turn off WV. There is a Very Nice post on the main BBTB2 Blog addressing the issue so please make sure you check it out. With that being said I sure hope to see you for our new challenge and hope you have a wonderful week and have Fun Creating! I will be going to the New Hobby Lobby that is opening in the next town over from me (YIPPEE!) I don't have to drive 2 1/2 hours now to get to the closest one, now it's only 45 minutes! Boy I'm moving up in the World, LOL! That's what I miss the most about living in the Country, not having a craft store close by, and not any Good Restaurants (so we do alot of home cooking) I guess it saves us some money in the long run, lol! Well on that note,
Oh well, I have two more days and most of tomorrow free to achieve my weekly goals. I CAN DO IT!
I think I may be cheating ever so slightly
It’s understandable why most women would not want a simulated diamond. It is quite easy to tell it apart from natural diamond. Cubic Zirconia, for instance, is very heavy. A one-carat real diamond weighs roughly the same as two toothpicks. A Cubic Zirconia stone of similar size would weigh the backbreaking equivalent of three and a half toothpicks.
But maybe that seems a bit silly to compare games with oil. After all, they are not even the same kind of market. But the general idea I’m trying to share is that it’s not so much that these games are priced so high, it is that they need to be priced that high at all. The modern gaming industry has been so bloated with the incredible demands of modern gaming, graphics (as we discussed), movie quality voice and soundtrack, and the sheer number of staff needed to create these games, that you need to price your games out like that in order to make a profit and to maintain that huge team. Now, that too is not a bad thing, there will always be a demand for AAA games with these huge investments, but the issue I have is that because of the market we are in, all games in order to remain competitive and to get as much profit out of the consumer have to price at $60, even the ones that really shouldn’t. And the price doesn’t even drop for quite some time, and usually when these lower games (games that shouldn’t be $60) flop and wind up in the bargain bin. The industry and the consumer would benefit a great deal from having a “tiered” level of pricing on games, with AAA titles maintaining their price tag (if lowering it is not possible), but smaller games like AA or artsy games or whatever being able to retail at a smaller price range without being crushed by the AAA games.
5 various
The other student said, “I think you have Zovitzki Syndrome.”
We ask that the European Union, the government of Denmark and other governments recognize that the cartoons malign the honor of Prophet Muhammad (pbuh) and insult the integrity of Islam. Insult and attacks against any group or religion should be stopped and new laws and regulations should be adopted against any violation.
He walks away, while AJ is crying.
I am so PROUD to be a John and be the woman I am.
Our thoughts, prayers and love are with you today. So sorry for your loss. Sebastian put up a brave fight.
If anything the growing divisions with Belarus are an even greater blow to Russian esteem and pan-Slav ambitions. Alyaksandr Lukashenka, the president of Russia’s western neighbour and the closest Europe now has to an old-style dictator, is proving to be particularly bloody-minded in his determination not to fall under the servitude of Moscow. There have been disputes over the price of gas. Lukashenka, moreover, is even more awkward over sensitive issues of Russian political prestige. He has refused to recognise the independence of South Ossetia or Abkhazia, the two breakaway Georgian territories that served as a cause for the 2008 war. He also gave refuge to Kurmanbek Bakiyev, the former president of Kyrgyzstan, a figure much despised in Moscow.
You don't care much for your swing anymore. I can get you to swing for 15 minutes tops, IF I've got awesome toys to distract you with.
LAS VEGAS — Nevada drivers could soon be sharing the road with vehicles that don’t need them.
The older you are the more difficult it is for your body to synthesize Vitamin D from sun exposure. Obesity also inhibits the absorption of Vitamin D. Vitamin D3 plays a very important role in calcium and potassium blood levels and re-absorption helping nerves muscles to function normally and bones to stay strong and not become brittle.
I have a TON of old t-shirts since my sister and I recently cleaned out our closets and anything that was stretched out or stained or not worthy of donation has made its way into my stash. One of those was a shirt my sister had probably held onto since middle school. I don't have any "before" pictures, and I am horrible at taking progress pictures. (I get in the zone and forget!) Here is my version before I put the waistband on:
He answers…
Despite all of the plot points in the story, I didn’t enjoy Dead in the Family as much as I’d thought I would. Charlaine Harris has written a lovely book but it wasn’t as exciting to me as some of the other Sookie stories. I liked the storyline with Claude, and the one with Bill, and the stuff with the weres was interesting, especially since it leaves room for more involvement with them in future installments, but the storyline with Eric and his master just didn’t thrill me. I don’t know if it’s because I’m watching True Blood at the same time, and there’s always so much going on with the show, but it just felt like there was something missing in Dead in the Family. This in no way affects my overall love of the series, though; I’m still a huge fan. And having the tenth book in a series be a little less awesome really isn’t the end of the world…
This is a long torturous story I will tell you someday soon. You lucky duck.
Lombardi interviewed over 1,000 moms online and in person. She found that nearly nine in ten moms described themselves as "extremely close" or "very close" to their sons. And the result of these close relationships is that we are creating a generation of boys who will become strong, loving spouses and partners, with a higher level of sensitivity and emotional intelligence. As Lombardi notes, "A new and growing body of scientific literature shows that sons who are close to their mothers are emotionally and physically healthier than those who are not."
I love William Styron’s Sophie´s Choice, and I love Sophie despite her victimization at the hands of her creator. Throughout that thick volume we see Sophie suffer everyday. Not only does she bear the scars of her Auschwitz past, not only does she carry a guilty secret, but she goes through a daily ordeal living with a pathologically jealous lover (and schizophrenic to boot).
Earlier this week a friend dropped by with her two- year-old granddaughter and a frozen chicken pot-pie. She asked to use my micro to heat up a meal for the child, because the electricity was off at her house.
William Hague is expected to announce the extra funding tonight during his annual speech at the Lord Mayor’s Easter Banquet.
Currently the patient is totally paralyzed with control only over her eyes and eyelids. Today she is on 24hr assistance with BiPAP breathing.
Lastly, please please please check them out, these are two voices you are not going to want to miss:
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks (about a third of the way through this, good, but a slow read)
The NFL Draft was certainly the highlight of the weekend, with many surprises outside of the top two picks. Still not sure why the Washington Redskins took two quarterbacks (Robert Griffin III and Kirk Cousins). Even more surprising (at least to most Georgia fans), was that kicker Blair Walsh was drafted in the 6th round by the Minnesota Vikings, becoming the highest drafted Georgia kicker since John Kasay (4th round pick in 1991). He was the third kicker taken overall, which was about where he was projected. Still, I didn’t think many kickers would be taken (but it wasn’t as bad as my next prediction).
We all have the same type of chairs in my office, but after several years of use, not all of the features still work on every chair. I need more than just a flat horizontal surface to place my can. I need a certain level of lumbar support. I don’t like the armrests to be so high as to interfere with my typing, or too low to provide rest for my arms when I’m reading. The wheels need to work properly so I can scoot to the coffeemaker with a single thrust of my legs.
We had a seated dinner, and I wanted a really cool display to arrange the seating cards. I had my grandfather build this pyramid, and I painted it silver. We filled the layers with crystals, and I love how it turned out. Our stationary designer, Amy Owens of Amo-Ink really knocked it out of the park with the seating cards and table numbers. It was a great focal point as guests walked in, before going into the ballroom for the reception.
Farting as entertainment.
See ya tomorrow!
April 25 — May 2
Tonight I’m watching “1940’s House.” While I’m not a fan of reality television, I must admit a soft spot for these series. Manor House was fabulous. I’m anxious to see how this one goes, especially since the family will be living through wartime London.
Fans who think they are up to the challenge of a weeklong work out with Osmin in Miami, all expenses paid, will need to tune into the Operation: Osmin Black Friday Marathon to obtain an entry code that will appear on-screen and go to www.mynuvotv.com to register for the opportunity to participate. Deadline for submissions is December 9, 2011. The new recruit will be announced in January during the premiere of Operation: Osmin Season 2.
earthquakes measuring 5.2 and
Those sweet little hot air balloons,
At home, you have to physically hold the bathroom door shut in order to keep from having someone standing over you demanding to know how long till you're done so you can do something for them.
i can't decide if i want to share my weight and measurements on here. let's just say it isn't pretty! but i do want to be held accountable for during the 7 day challenge, so i plan on posting something about it every day.
Jill: *Cough* Erm…I brought you back the complimentary hotel toiletries!
Khavu knows that in case she is incapacitated and Juma refuses to deliver the killing blow, Juma will be killed. Khavu will live with the defeat as her opponent wasn’t strong enough to kill after all, and Juma will be killed for bringing dishonour to the challenge she herself made.
On Linsanity:
Have you taken a look at your email inbox lately? I have! Yesterday I had 19,106 emails in my GMail account and by the end of the day, I had reduced it to 11,664. While that number left may seem high, I am so excited and relieved to know that I cleared out 7,442 emails, all in one day! It feels really good to clear out a big chunk of that "virtual clutter," and now I've learned some useful tools to continue to clear away the rest.
Therein lies the difference between boys and girls.
Joan left in her own real name, and MY FATHER’S REAL LAST NAME, AND THE REAL NAME OF OUR CITY. BOTH JOAN AND MY FATHER HAD THEIR NAMES AND PICTURES PUBLISHED IN THE BUFFALO NEWS IN ARTICLES ON ADOPTION. AND JOAN AND I WERE BOTH ON WGRZ-TV NEWS WITH OUR REAL NAMES AIRED ON TV. JOAN ALSO GIVES MY MOTHER’S REAL LAST NAME OF HERR.
It’s Friday fun day! That means it’s time for BYOC – Bring Your Own Crazy! We answer a few questions to get to know each other better and to give our blogging brains a break. Copy to your own blog if you so desire and have fun!
Market analysts were, however, sceptical about the prime minister’s bullish growth projections amid global economic uncertainty.
The second Charlize Theron helmed film this summer is one that proves to be much more intriguing and mysterious. Ridley Scott returns to his roots of Sci-Fi galore as maybe predecessor to his 1979 film Alien. The film revolves around a group of humans who try to uncover the origins of mankind. Kept hidden under wraps for the most part and tons of speculation, we shall see what Scott’s new and exciting film has to offer. With a stellar cast that includes: Noomi Rapace (Sweden’s Girl With the Dragon Tattoo), Michael Fassbender (Shame) Charlize Theron (Young Adult) and Guy Pearce, this is one of my most anticipated films of the summer.
Skype: jaknburt
Clark
Etc etc.
“Shakespeare, and Drummond, and Spurgeon, and Milton, and Meyer, and Moody, and other good men may be quoted profitably in a prayer-meeting as sidelights on the Word of God, but never to the exclusion of the Word of God. God’s Word is a lamp; they are only reflectors. A hundred of the brightest reflectors are no substitute for a lamp. Literary quotations are not out of place in a prayer-meeting; but let us light the lamp before we hang up the reflectors.
Rush has created a unique sound where hard rock and progressive rock have blended together. Some people are there for the radio hits like “Tom Sawyer” or “Freewill”; others like me enjoyed the longer instrumental pieces. They played the entirety of their 1981 “Moving Pictures” album in the second set, but they aren’t just a nostalgia band like ’70s stalwarts Crosby Steals the Cash or Chicago. Rush has been rewarded with one of the most loyal followings in Rock history by continuing to release new CDs and always introducing new songs to their performances. After 36 years of being onstage together, these three musicians show no signs of slowing down. As much as I liked what Rush was playing, I decided not to fight the crowds back to I-25 and left near the end of the concert. I’d also had my fill of Jagermeister, without ever buying a shot.
Then oops! Pressed the wrong button and it was down to ground level instead of up to the cafe.
“Oh, absolutely. All that is needed is the Czar Committee to put pressure on the major browser companies and they will understand that we actually control them, just as the Chinese did with Google. It will be just a matter of changing a few commands in the root program. Any information distribution the Information Czar Committee wants to put forth or “redirect” will be simplified. The individual will be limited on exchanging their own ideas and thoughts. Any use of the internet can be rerouted through a tracking program. The Tax Czar Committee has been searching for a consistent method to tax usage of the internet. This is a sure fix. The possibilities are only limited by the various Czar Committee’s imagination“.
He was going to bring me to Czech Republic to meet his family, I was even learning his language. He decided he was ashamed of me because I wasn't dressed perfectly, I slammed kitchen doors,...stupid little things. He went to Europe without me.
Best known for her stand-up comedy, Brett Butler also starred in and was executive producer of the popular series "Grace Under Fire." She was a writer on the series "Dolly," in which she also made several guest appearances, hosted Comedy Central's "Short Attention Span Theater" and was the winner of "The Great American Celebrity Spelling Bee." Her television credits include "Last Comic Standing 2," "The Drew Carey Show," "Ellen," "The Larry Sanders Show," the Emmy Award-nominated "Comic Relief IV," "Heroes of Comedy: Women on Top," "Comedy Central Presents: The N.Y. Friars Club Roast of Rob Reiner," "What Makes You Laugh" and "The Comedy Hall of Fame." Her feature film credits include "Mrs. Harris" and the upcoming animated feature "Firedog."
Sapphire-$399
Salt and pepper to taste
With the move in high gear, I barely have anything left in my kitchen - but I managed to make a pasta salad and an appetizer for a family party this weekend.
The next question arises in the event of stalemate situation. How should we resolve it ? Please forward your views. To kick start this discussion, I suggest that we have extra time, extend 3 more days from its official closing time till 11 PM 11.11.11 Malaysian time.
me...not to see who would care I was gone or so far away, but whether
I hope you enjoy the quote below...it has nothing to do with baseball, but it says how I feel and try to live my life.....
B.A. (Honours) Sanskrit
The dog doesn’t like when this happens. He has taken it upon himself to be the chief ridder of turkey vultures (among other varmints) on the property. They have to roost somewhere, but they can roost somewhere else as far as he’s concerned.
Acts 22:14
Finally, everyone cannot go with you where destiny is calling YOU. That is ok. Some people come into your life for a season, some come for a reason. Select few are lifetime companions. Embrace that, exhale and release them to their own journey.
BREAKTHROUGH!!!
“Our God is a little offensive! Most of the people who REALLY liked Him got killed!”
The dough will look really, really dry but trust me, it works! Ask me how I know. OK, I'll tell you! I actually made two batches of this dough. The first one I made just as I posted here. I seriously thought I had messed up because it looked so dry in the mixer bowl. I did put it together into a ball quite easily and it was really easy to work with later on. For the second batch I decided to add more water while kneading and it was easier to knead but not so easy to work with later on while rolling and forming the ravioli. As little water as possible is the way to go.
they are not exactly 'new'
No -- wait, maybe that's just the third cup of coffee kicking in.
The last thing Ken saw before the blackness at the edge of his vision finally caved in around him was a flash of golden light and then the deep black eyes of the Duros Senator’s head as it rolled to a stop on the floor before him. Then his heart finally stopped beating and Ken Naydee let death take him.
Whilst researching this blog I found a very useful explanation by the BBC – How much rain is needed to ease the drought?, which includes calculations for the South East, as well as a handy diagram about how groundwater supplies are replenished.
TV time What is your policy on TV time for your infant? Sure, Turtle-Love has inadvertantly watched some NCIS with me, but today I actually decided to put him in his bouncey seat with a Baby Einstein video. He is about 24 weeks old. Bad? Okay? Good? Who knows. I guess as far as TV goes, Baby Einstein is definitely the lesser of the evils. He was a good distance away from the screen. The video was Meet the Orchestra and he really seemed to enjoy it - complimented by grunts and babble =)
Star and I looked at the man called Sunday. Sunday raised an eyebrow at Principal Sal, which highlighted the long scar above the same eye brow. My life and time seemed to suspend for a little while longer.
Since I don't desire to live my life always wishing for that one thing that will make me happy . . . I've discovered three things to keep my thoughts in check:
Soluble fiber strikes a blow to belly fat By eating more soluble fiber from vegetables, fruit and beans and engaging in moderate activity, participants in a research study decreased visceral fat accumulation. Visceral fat is fat deep in the belly surrounding vital organs.
Back at my hotel in Tbilisi, I struggled and resisted with some difficulty, the temptation to open the wine bottle during my last few days in Georgia and so was able to bring home and keep a valuable souvenir from Tsinandali.
Tales of woe here from much of Connecticut’s coastline but note the comment from a Fairfield agent – direct waterfront sales have dried up because of their expense but 36% of all sales in town were in “beach neighborhoods” – close to, but not on the water. So people still want it, they just can’t afford it. That may change.
"Doing fine, doing good."
So far we have only spoken of contrivances for effecting the operation of mashing within the mash-tun itself; but of late years a large proportion of our brewers have become convinced that it is better to effect the mixture of the malt and liquor in detail as they enter the mash-tun than to deal with the goods in a mass, as was formerly the universal practice. The consequence has been the adoption of separate mashing machines, and the best varieties of such machines we shall now proceed to describe.
First, the batter was supposed to make two 9" cakes that could be split in two to make four layers. But my layers were flat...really flat.
their birthday's.
1/8 tsp. ground nutmeg
The neck is still a little wide and gapey, next time I shall make the neck smaller
I am thankful for language. I love to read and I love to write; I realize that if I had grown up in another country I might not have had such easy access to books and language. I might not have had an opportunity to be educated and to come to love words. My life would be very different without words and language. I also love American Sign Language — it's a beautiful language and one that I feel privileged to learn.
Xmas, it’s not just a time for turkey and running along the supermarket aisle shouting “I can’t find bread sauce or cranberry sauce, will raspberry jam, do?” It’s a time for stocking up with enough cheap lager to drown an Elephant in. You know it makes sense.
Am I in a dream
After my Ode to Rita I did a Disney inspired shoot with Brittany. She was Cinderella and I was Snow White. Omg what a hoot that was!!! We finished up the evening with a 1950's pinup shoot and a 1960's mod shoot also with Brittany as well as some of Kay's vintage furs.
She didn't need to.
Terror in America (10): Prominent Leader of the Muslim Brotherhood Movement, Sheikh YussefAl-Qaradhawi: ‘Islamic Religious Law Dictates That We Join the Taliban’s Jihad, Not the US Coalition; It is Forbidden to Attack American Citizens, But Permitted to Attack the American Military’
Seven of us are eating dinner. Imogen is keeping everyone amused with her longtime, ongoing narrative about how Jen is her biological mother and the mother she likes best. We are all giggling lots at her stories.
Just go on, now go, walk out the door, don't turn around now... etc.
During the milling process, the grain is washed and scoured to remove fuzz and foreign material. The grain is then tempered by soaking in water to toughen the bran. After tempering, the grain is crushed by a series of corrugated rollers. The bran, produced primarily in the seed coat, is then separated from the starch.
Artificial candles sparked
Let your soul and your body and your mind be free
Just like last year Deschutes had a regular beer that was transformed in the cask. Last year it was Twilight, this year it was Red Chair. Red Chair had notes of lemon that I had not tasted before and was, in my mind, the best of the lot.
Or under seals broken by the lean solicitor
Later I decided to switch off to my head and relaxed a little and stopped thinking about what I had done and decided to just enjoy my punishment who gives a shit what I have done, I love to be spanked,so I am going to enjoy every moment of it and god was there a lot of spanking so a hell of a lot of enjoyment.
This time round I intend to follow this up by answering a few of the questions I received following this post (and my design you own textbook post)
Before I worked with her, I had seen children’s and TV gameshow show presenter Sue Robbie on-screen and thought off-screen she was probably a slightly stuck-up, head prefect sort of person. Totally wrong. She turned out to be absolutely lovely. No ego. A wonderful person to work with.
When will we ever learn
Lime dressing:
which could guarantee the voice clearly and stably under kinds driving occasions,
With Sir Courtney Terrell, the family succession came to an end, and after a decently prolonged interval, a second (unrelated) dynasty was founded by KE Shelley KC with the 9th edition in 1951. Terrell has continued to be edited in the same chambers ever since—its successive editions serving as a rite of passage for junior barristers eager to demonstrate their worthiness to ascend the silken ladder at 3 New Square, or 6 Pump Court before it. For the rest of us, the same successive editions have seemed (at times) to have offered little more than a handsome and expensive binding for the text of the Patents Act of the day. Readers of past editions will recall countless occasions on which counsel would say: ‘My Lord will find section X of the Act at page Y of Terrell’, with the clear implication that if My Lord were perverse enough to look for section X anywhere else, even in the Queen's Printer's copy, then the text would very probably turn out to be corrupt, if not altogether spurious.
The procession of life, one never gone.
playing with other children
The much-praised band of psychotically talented wordsmith whiteboys returns with the initial single from their upcoming July release, "Masters Of The Dark Arts"..
knowing each name
that there is sweetness
In fact, it had never really occurred to me that there were deaf people in prison. Oh, I rather figured a certain percentage of the prison population might well be deaf, since the prison population in America is a microcosm of the overall population. Nevertheless, it never actually occurred to me that there may be a significant number, or that these people would bear an inordinate amount of the suffering that is prison life.
And helping is more than saying it with words, it invites and moves us to take actions.
Much mystery (and ignorance) results from the fact that God’s Spirit transcends our five senses of sight, hearing, taste, touch, and smell. He can only be perceived by our spirit–that unseen part of us that is renewed at salvation.
The least amount of sleep in a night because of a baby with colic or a child that is ill and requires constant attention
In my life with money three moments in particular stand out.
My high school friend has a son who has ADHD. She told me she loves reading the Madhouse but wonders where I’ve hidden the cameras in her house!! Apparently she has many of the same problems with her son that I have with my two. (I haven’t hidden cameras in anyone else’s home, honest. I have enough material in the Madhouse for a few more blogs – next year I may have to stoop to spying on others.)
Whose giggle is completely contagious,
These things and more are true for those who know Jesus Christ as Saviour. If you have trusted in Him, then read His Word and trust in these amazing promises. These are promises of love, joy and peace in this life and the next. The world will try and cause you to doubt the Truth of God’s Word but throughout history, the Bible has remained unmoving. Trust in it and find rest for your soul.
Here’s the complete task from start to finish! He’s so patient. (Steve is patient too!)
As soon as I realised it, I have deleted the post and sent an apology email for doing what I did. But the damage was caused by then and my trying to make an adjustment by a simplistic apology with rationalized arguments, without actually understanding was not going to be enough to ease the pain I have created to the other party.
I will do a more in-depth post on Linux and Ubuntu which was the operating system I eventually chose. For now however, I want to break down the cost of my new system, and how it compares to my old system.
Fish Tank is a very strong effort at every level, and should signal great things to come for all involved.
Fundamentalism has a varied history. In the early 20th century, the fundamentalist movement was responsible for directly and rightly combating the modernest heresies springing forth from within many of that day’s primary theological institutions. Yet, like the Ephesian church, while it began as a right and just movement against doctrines and practices that were contrary to Scripture, the fundamentalist movement has more recently become known more for its attacks on those within and outside the church than its love for the Lord and for his people.
I’m coming to the conclusion that surveys of human mating practices are worthless. The participants simply say what they think the interviewer wants to hear rather than confessing their deepest desires (to say nothing of their kinkiest fetishes).
Amanda said...
Better Crocker Save $.50/2 box or pouch potatoes except potato buds (5/19)
Buddy Fite - guitar
I don't know. I guess that's why I'm just going to leave this to be my ramblings, especially if I need to vent somewhere.
Feel free to check out this link about Scotts new GMO lawn seeds that resist Roundup, so anyone can spray willy nilly, and in the process create super weeds.
I did a lot of research on cons in general and would heartily recommend a book called THE BIG CON. It breaks down the steps of many different classic cons and was invaluable. I also really loved a true crime book called SON OF A GRIFTER. Reading about a boy being brought up with an entirely different moral code (never go to the police; if you can steal it and don’t, you’re a sucker) was very instructive in thinking about Cassel.
Ask and it will be given to you;
Won't touch them cooked, but she'll eat carrots, broccoli, cauliflower, even potatoes raw.
Back at my childhood home, my darling Lily was learning the basics. Each of these events I was blessed to witness through pictures that my mom emailed to me. The nurses would sing her praises with me every time a new batch of photo’s arrived. Lily was the reason I was fighting for my life and she was in the best hands possible. Even though there may be time between visits, the bond that my parents and Lily share is unbreakable.
5. Because I have the right to honest and good government I will seek out honest and just representatives when possible. If I cannot find one then I accept the responsibility to take that place.
they sink to feed
stuffed with a party girl’s Circean wares
were not merely hazel but were,
This is a story revolving around the domestic abuse of the narrator’s father. And yet, this is not a story of melodrama angst and heartbreak. Yes, there is a lot of anguish and pain and sadness in this novel, but underneath these painful moments is a spark of joy, and laughter. The premise of the story is not that of a victim enduring abuse, but a girl who gets a chance to step away momentarily from a world in which her and the whole family is subjugated to the mood swings of the father, as Kambili forges a world for herself in which she can start laughing without having her father’s opinions pervading and influencing her every move. Her transformation from the fearful daughter desperate to please her father to a girl who can smile and laugh on her own whim was an extraordinary journey that I’m so happy to have had to pleasure of reading. Purple Hibiscus is the kind of novel that the reader won’t forget soon after reading.
Oh....my...god.
McCoy's/The Foundry - Randall Monday
Ahhh I am done! Graduating from BYU this weekend was absolutely great. I am so ready to start putting all of that time and learning to good use. Thank you for all of your kind words of congratulations this past week, each lovely comment brought a smile to my face:)
I’d breathe in the sweet scent of pine pitch heavily laden in air.
These, along with time spent with my family and friends and writing projects fill me with anticipation for 2012. Happy New Year, and may God bless you and yours! ♥
So I’ve finally decided to stop living in denial and have acquired some glasses. As they are only for occasional use I figured there was no need to splash out any more than £1.99 for a pair of the weakest strength ones found in the cheap shops.
To illustrate the problem, KHOU reporter Brad Woodard focuses on the case of Anthony Robinson, who:
GSA advisor Mary Melnick says, “What a great opportunity for my GSAers to attend a community event surrounded by like-minded folk who support and celebrate diversity as much as we do. We can proudly join the greater San Jose LGBTQQ community by not only showing our support but also enjoying each other’s company and cheering on our Sharks! And how lucky we are to have San Jose PRIDE be our “angel”–this experience would not be fiscally possible for my students without their help. A thousand thank-yous!”
Take Capcha/Word Varification off your comments system. NOW.
Once I've gone around with Apricot I then move onto Oatmeal & just lightly move inwards on the face. Dont go over the Apricot too much cus you dont want to lighten it. You are creating a bit more shadow just lighter. I normally work with little flicks from the middle of the Apricot its mainly just to start the process of blending the 2 colours together. I hope this is making sense lol.
Founded by Artur Hazelius in 1891 as the outdoor annex to his Nordiska Museet (Nordic Museum), Skansen was the culmination of years of collecting and saving ethographical relics. In 1872 he had realised just how quickly life in Sweden was changing and set about " collect clothing, household utensils, furniture and hand-tools from the old farming culture: everything that needed to be preserved for posterity".
I tapped my fingernails lightly over my keyboard, not typing, just thinking. How likely was it that this dog was the dog in the article? Yes, he was a Westie; but there had to be more than one in the area. Besides, the article suggested ‘MiMi’ (what a stupid name for a male dog, or any dog come to that) only ate premium steak and free range chicken meat with rice. I’d just watched this particular mutt gobble down a whole tin of Tesco value tinned meat; although, I supposed a starving dog really wouldn’t be picky.
where’s the local volunteer fire department
This week we'll be learning about the Long A CVVC pattern and continue practicing reading and writing words that have the Short A and Long A CVCe pattern.
Mendes, who directed Craig alongside Jude Law in 2002 movie "Road To Perdition," admitted he was wrong.
However, if you want to t-shirts for girls then at this online shopping store, you will get diverse styles, colors, designs and sizes in t- shirts for girls. Like, the famous brand Mango has come up with latest variety in t-shirts. The photos of t- shirts have been put on the website so that it becomes easy for you to make the right selection.
Sometimes I like to play with my editing program. The colors and the spread of these petals reminded me of the rays of the sun. The little guys in the center seemed to be paying homage, so I titled it Worship.
Oh, sure, you have your favorite Bond:
I feel like I’ve been attacked. I don’t remember the last time I felt this emotionally drained, this alone, this exhausted, this angry. Every shameful thing I’ve done, every bad decision I’ve made, it’s all suddenly been brought to the light, and I’m exposed, standing alone amidst my pain and my brokenness, trying to figure out how to pick up all the pieces on my own.
The whimsy and selection of Trader Joe’s food.
lit on fire
Both Botswana and the MDC denied the allegations, and the opposition party expressed concern that Mugabe was seeking a pretext for a new crackdown and the imposition of a state of emergency.
Fucus vesiculosus has a therapeutic effect on many systems of the body. It strengthens immune system function and increases resistance to infection and fever. Kelp is also beneficial to the nervous and endocrine systems. It enhances the function of the adrenal, thyroid, and pituitary glands, and supports brain health and function.
This was the core to Maverick House developing as a publisher. Irish publishing as a whole is terrified of the word ‘international’ and the furthest their heady highs will take them is far flung places like Belfast, Manchester, Sheffield, Liverpool, and yes, the far and distant London. I know of no Irish publisher, outside of Maverick, who have a working office in another publishing territory (outside of course of London), and no, some bloke with a mobile phone living in a wooden shack in Calcutta does not equate to an ‘Eastern Office’. And please exclude the endeavours of publishers like Hachette, Penguin and Transworld (Random House) who have entered the Irish landscape to inject some form of international presence in the Irish publishing industry, but those authors almost inevitably switch to the UK imprints.
1/2 lb. bacon, baked or fried crisp
To change your path go another way
The doctor just nod with smile plastered on his face.
Franklin Resources Inc – Co. reports 2Q11-12 profit at USD 503.2m vs. previous USD 503.1m. EPS USD 2.32 a share vs. estimated USD 2.22 vs. previous USD 2.25 a share. Revenue at USD 1.8b vs. USD 1.74b. Total assets under management at USD 725.7b vs. previous USD 670.3b. (Dow Jones Newswires/Fox Business)
Come along and LIKE it, you can also FRIEND me and SUBCRIBE to my channel: Magical Intuition!
5) It is very unrealistic – Jane says impossible – to place this kind of deal in twelve months, and no publishers are named. But: Jane points to what appears to be a BWA self-publishing arm advertising promotional packages for up to £2,000. She also estimates that – at 21,000 entries with a £10.95 entry fee – the 2010 awards earned the BWA £229,950 for standard entries alone.
Sorry about the lack of updates, guys. I’m currently wrapping up my final papers for this semester.
Where did you see us? or find us online?
Heb. 13:5 “ I will never leave you nor forsake you.
keys of my crotch
I know you do not KNOW my mom, but that is one of the funniest things she's ever said to me! And I have seen her itch on percocet...so maybe that's part of why the phrase is so funny :)
Yes, I made a replacement.
You turned both those switches back on when you kissed my neck twice in the parking lot.
Taper: Lostbrook
The Dog Who Saved Christmas ... ABC Family ... 11 AM
I’ve decided I’m going back to a vegan diet.
I'm excited to have Sheepherders bread in the Los Angeles area now...along with some delicious sandwiches and baked goods.
I am enterin my tag here as well:
Dealing With Sleeplessness
Anyway, what about y’all? Anything that even the cutest guy can do that will still turn you off OR is it pretty much if he looks like Devin Thomas, you’re game regardless? Same for the fellas. Can Stacey Dash get away with damn near anything or is there a cut off somewhere?
When talking about Sigur Rós and their music, it seems impossible to refrain from mentioning the band’s home country of Iceland, the orchestral grandeur, and the cinematic quality, but I’m going to give it a shot: Sigur Rós creates breathtaking, orchestral pieces that recall the opulent and vast landscapes of Iceland as seen through a wide-angle movie camera lens. Fuck.
Click here to do some online shopping at the cute shop I found. Or you could always book a trip to the Provence and do your shopping at a local market! That's exactly what I plan to do in a few weeks - J surprised me by wanting to visit the Provence together so we'll be exploring St. Remy, Arles and more very soon! If you have any suggestions for our trip, let me know!
Rachel Eats is one of these, and it is gorgeous. An English girl living in Italy, Rachel likes to cook, write, and eat, and I'm so glad that she does all three so very well. Each blog post comes with a recipe and a story, sometimes current and sometimes nostalgic, and she describes the cooking experience so thoroughly that you feel like you are sitting in her kitchen. Her post on the stuffed fried zucchini flowers that accompany the meal at her favorite pizzeria (crispy pizza from a wood-fired oven) has inspired me to try to make my own, and I'm not a big fryer.
The underlying truth behind Baird's statement is the main reason his campaign has gained traction despite the many naysayers, and indeed is the reason I favor Baird in the race, though I respect both candidates. Because he won't feel compelled to defend the office's legacy back to the '70s, my hope is that the reform-minded Baird will be more likely to try new things and less likely to perceive new ideas defensively or as a criticism of "how we've always done it."
N.B. I just discovered that one of the ways Amazon recommends books to readers is the number of tags clicks for that novel. So if anyone wants to click "my tags," that would be great. The tags are located just under the What Other Items Do Customers Buy section.
1 Peter 2:13 – Submit yourself for the Lord’s sake to every authority instituted among men: whether to the king, as the supreme authority, or to governors, who are sent by him to punish those who do wrong and to commend those who do right.
i've got something else i want to talk about too, i just have to figure out how i want to put it into words. it's about my kid playing favorites. and it's not making me feel too hot lately. save up your thoughts, cuz i'm gonna need a little support...
I have been meaning to see Prince of Persia for a while now. But for some reason, I always ended up seeing something else. Well, I finally saw it, and I'm glad I did.
Then, the next big name on my list - Jo Morton! I had a great time taking one of her applique classes at Traditional Pastimes in Calgary. It was the summer and we were supposed to be camping, so I twisted the arm of Mr. Confessions to let me drive separately so I could attend the class. Mr. Confessions went off with Little Miss to set up at the site and I had a wonderful afternoon with Jo and the other class participants. Jo is well known for her books and patterns as well as the lines of fabric she designs for Andover. The picture was a quick snap between her tutorials.
Drop this
Access is hampered by the state of the roads...washed out in parts, dangerous in others, so what the country needs is helicopters to get help to those who need it.
Besides, sheriffs, we don't give a damn if you can tell good guys from bad guys. It's WE THE CITIZENS who need to be able to tell the good guys from the bad guys, which brings us to the next point:
"We've got a new CEO and he wanted them changed"
First of all, I cannot believe it's October and 10 days in! SO many things to get done before we travel to Japan for my father's memorial and entombment.
I think Jess has that absolutely spot on.
this is the end of my song or my poem
Love’s a feelin’. Ye feel it, ye don’t have to say it. No in Scotland, anyway, no to your da.
Floss.
So I had a brainstorm (yet another) and convinced hubby we need to get some baby chickens to help us train the guineas. Here is my logic = if the guineas see us picking up and holding the baby chicks and realize how calm the whole experience is, they will follow suit. The chicks are so much calmer and laid back. We headed to the local farm store and were looking for Rhode Island Red baby chicks since hubby likes this type and we have had experience with them. Now me…. I like to experiment and I think change is always good! Since there were no RIR (Rhode Island Red) chicks there I spotted the only pullets they had which were Barred Rock chicks. Pullets are female babies and since we have had our experiences with male chickens (Roosters) who are quite protective and can be mean, I really don’t want another rooster.
Oh, and the camera in the middle is a fisheye camera. I've used up my first film already, can't wait to see them!
The qualities that qualify a work as art are intrinsic to art in general but Art with a capital "A" has an elevated, sublime, purpose and is only realised by a high quality of conception and execution. A visual object or experience created through an expression of skill or imagination. The term art covers various media: painting, sculpture, printmaking, drawing, decorative arts, photography, and installation. The various visual arts exist within a continuum that ranges from prompting deep feeling or transcendent emotion and great skill to reproducing figures or landscape which have a mood and also prompt thought or feelings.
I gave in and text you today. I couldn’t help myself and couldn’t stay away. I never can for very long. You’re my favorite drug.
The contemporary western ethos is rooted in the mind-body split and the disregard of the material world. We know it exists because it can hurt as in the case of the table and the misery caused by a tragedy is no illusion. This is the basis of the Western delusion that the material world like people is a social construct but it really exists and is the source of out tragedies and pleasures as it acts on our bodies and our bodies interact with it. Was it a social construct that killed Michael Foucault? It was the consequence of his use of his substantial body, in the substantial material world of homosexual bath houses.
Next I headed to the Bacon-Flavored Interactive After Party: Benefit for the Children's Music Fund at Red 7 with Nosegref, Mags, and Lee-roy from I love Beer. They were serving unlimited Harpoon Beer for $5. On tap they had the IPA and the Hefe. The IPA was delicious. After a few beers, Mags and I somehow ended up getting hooked into the raffle going on.. Mags wanted to see if she could win a guitar 2 years in a row. More on that in a bit.
I can just hear it now…
Are just memories of a different life
Sidepod Version2
When you are filling your trolley with your favourite fruit and vegetables from the supermarket, do you ever wonder exactly how fresh they are and where they come from?
7. Don’t use adverbs to strengthen a verb. Use adverbs to change the meaning of the verb.
3. Meanwhile, set a pot of water to boil. Remove the ribs from the swiss chard and roughly chop. Add to the boiling water and blanch the chard to soften. Remove with a slotted spoon and chop finely. Add the chard and Aleppo pepper to the tomato sauce, return to heat, and cook until the chard is soft and cooked through. Set tomato sauce aside to cool down.
Lt. John R. Fischer, 46, New York, N.Y.
I do have a lot of pictures to post of things that I have done, but I wanted to put this little album that I made for Halloween (I know, late posting) but it was done before Halloween ;o)
It was sitting quietly in the corner of the living room at an estate sale, minding its own business, when it caught my eye. Then I heard it calling my name. I mean, really calling me. Especially with its $60 price tag. I sat in it for about five seconds and that was long enough for me to decide that it was seriously one of the most comfortable chairs I've ever sat in. Sold.
I hate being a grown up but I often forget what it's like to be a kid. I regret not knowing how to play pirates. I hate that, unlike my husband and son, I get bored with video games and TV.
The Art of War (currently reading)
In 1961 he had fallen down thirty concrete steps at a theatre in Newcastle and knocked himself unconscious; in '66 doctors in New Mexico decided to amputate his bad leg, but he fled the hospital in his pyjamas; in '69 he was mugged in his Paris hotel room.
vechtend me de wolven in den bitende wind
but if you do I hope you won’t
Robert Aldrich knew how to direct an action flick. And you couldn't get any more tough guy than a cast with Lee Marvin, John Casavettes, Charles Bronson, Telly Savalas and Jim Brown. But from 1985 (!!) on, they cast sequels (THREE of them) with surviving cast members (one of which - Savalas - was killed in the first movie!!), threw a woman in the cast at one point (Heather Thomas?) and put in less action! WHY??!
I'd also like to know if any of you would be interested in boxes to fit the cards made using the Martha Stewart Punch Around the Page punch, as I also hate making those, lol.
“Sweet Caroline (bom-bom-bom)
Vickers, 82, had not been seen for a long time. A neighbor discovered her body in an upstairs room of her Westwanda Drive home on April 27. Its mummified state suggests she could have been dead for close to a year, police said.
Peace symbol – I’m not a fan of conflict – not at the global level or at a personal level. Unless someone’s in immediate personal danger, I don’t believe there’s any reason to raise your voice. My father always said, “If you raise your voice, you lose.” I endeavor to keep my cool and work for a peaceful resolution.
Guess I better get offf here. Not much else to say :-)
The average man was touched by his kind, meek, humble and modest approach.
Shame on you, Kubo.
#5 - Oh, because this one is...
Lady Gaga really kicks ass!
If you really mean it, it all comes round again.
When they were calves in training wheels.
When finally she met up with me, she also took pause.
I'm probably breaking copyright with part of the title of my quick blog post, which is a about a short shoot with a model Ella Rose whose website name begins with that exact phrase!!
In a way, to clarify, my critique here is partially also a question about the choice of Bourdieu's sociological framework. Because for Bourdieu, the virtue of the field/habitus logic is that it objectivises systems of symolic domination and makes visible the mechanisms of invisibility within them (It's like blowing smoke to make light rays appear in a room). But within the idea of revolutionary politics, what Bourdieu calls habitus and field is problematized (as death drive, or Thermidor, or simply as death, to take St. Paul as reference). So isn't the use of the field/habitus framework applied to movements at risk of excluding revolutionary politics in advance, or, if it is included, to describe it from the perspective of its death?
People usually fall into one of these two categories and it is one of the reasons behind procrastination. If you are successful then you can no longer hide behind the identity of someone who can’t get it together and needs help and care from others. You may actually have to be responsible for yourself, your success and have no more excuses for not living your life to the fullest. If you are one of these people, you may have some residual fears from other lifetimes in which perhaps you abused the power that came with success, or you lost it all or you became a person greatly resented because of it.
If flak is produced on a large scale, or by individuals or groups with substantial resources, it can be both uncomfortable and costly to the media. Positions have to be defended within the organization and without, sometimes before legislatures and possibly even in courts. Advertisers may withdraw patronage. Television advertising is mainly of consumer goods that are readily subject to organized boycott. During the McCarthy years, many advertisers and radio and television stations were effectively coerced into quiescence and blacklisting of employees by the threats of determined Red hunters to boycott products. Advertisers are still concerned to avoid offending constituencies that might produce flak, and their demand for suitable programming is a continuing feature of the media environment. If certain kinds of fact, position, or program are thought likely to elicit flak, this prospect can be a deterrent.
I was up early, because I had a phone call from my parents house from my mother's caregiver. My dad had coughed all night and was very short of breath and congested. Mom hadn't slept, because the coughing kept her up all night. My brother was taking my dad to the emergency room. I hope dad doesn't have pneumonia, because he is 93. I tried getting my dad to see his doctor during the week, but he was stubborn and wouldn't go. So, now here it is the weekend, and he will have to be seen in the emergency room at the hospital. I'm hoping he has bronchitis and not pneumonia, and will be given antibiotics and can come home.
A: No, we are a peaceful civilization of vegan hunter/gatherers.
- I say: This is a show when it first aired that I never expected to be much. It is so much more. You may like this anyway, but if you like Elmore Leonard, you really need to see this show.
I'm terrified of the day when he realizes people look at him strangely. I worry he won't be able to hold a job or have a romantic relationship (if he wants one). Hell, I'm scared he won't ever have a truly good friend.
There was no hint of ridicule here. No one said he was crazy or mad. If he were wrong they would be no worse off. However, if he was right they had everything to gain. If you read the context of Acts 27 you will see this was the turning point. From then on there was hope, encouragement and good cheer.
For that very reason, all the incisive ideas percolating through Redacted's slim running time cannot prevent it from being one of the most abysmal, unbearable movies De Palma ever made, ranking among the dregs with Bonfire of the Vanities and Wise Guys. It's a shame, too, for Redacted occasionally flirts with greatness, suggesting a vicious assault on oblivious American mindsets since the "Be Black, Baby" segment of Hi, Mom! But from the first moments, one can tell that Redacted will be a miserable chore, not a galvanizing screed.
She’s also the first lesbian cop there.
I played in the Allods Online closed beta a little while back. (They are having another one, too, so if you’re interested, go sign up!) As always, I didn’t get a lot of time in the game, but what I did see at least has me looking forward to playing it a bit when it gets a full release.
Green Dream Chlorella Cream
3. Honey Child
(remember the previous post about adding softened cream cheese to help the cream hold it's shape)
MILIEU: the physical or social setting in which something occurs or develops.
There has been some positive movement recently. In subsequent posts, Celina notes that a few AMP writers have received reversion letters. More important, the AMP website is down--and per the AMP contract, if the company suspends operations for 60 days or more, all rights automatically revert to authors. Other problems, however, including outstanding royalty payments, continue to be unresolved.
There's so much to like about my new quartier. The Louvre and its most famous tenant, Ms M. Lisa, being my new next-door neighbours (she's as quiet as a mouse, and as demure as you like), the Seine and its soul-soothing qualities being but a hop, skip and jump away, and the profusion of great restaurants, cafes and food havens that happily call this arrondissement home.
Are you not Pericles? Like him you spake,
Artists don't support SOPA. Neil Gaiman posted an open letter to Washington signed by himself and a variety of other artists. DeviantArt also opened a forum for artists to discuss the bills and the opinion is overwhelmingly negative. Deviants on the site also create art as protest against it such as these:
That said one can’t help but be astounded at sheer buffoonery of the English Football Association and the cack handed levels of organisation that have surrounded today’s game. Firstly there is the issue of the 5-15pm kick off time which needs to be viewed in conjunction with engineering works on the West Coast line meaning that the vast majority ofLiverpoolfans who have travelled by rail won’t be able to return home at decent time. Then there is the scheduling of the game alongside Premiership fixtures albeit one. Surely the FA have vested interest in regenerating the “romance of the Cup” which over the last decade or so has been tarnished. However, they are still willing to scarify tradition and prestige and further muddy it’s reputation in the pursuit of filthy lucre
GARNISH: CAPERS, DILL
Who scores most originally you may ask? The answer's on a postcard, or well, forthcoming.
Zyrtec 24ct+ $4/1
