This is, fortunately, not something I've experienced, but I imagine that even the horror of 9/11 would pale in comparison.
Each cookie measures 1.25" in size.
I meant to post this at the beginning of the year but didn't get a chance to take the photo until now.
That set me off again, unfortunately. “I don’t have…ann-n-ny money,” I choked out between heaving sobs. Despite everything else that had happened in my short life, I’d never felt so lost, alone, and scared as at that moment. The cashier, Tony according to his nameplate, was beside himself.
This is the birthday card that I created this week. I used Fiona the image 2 times, as well as her fish bowl. This set can be purchased at Wink Wink Ink Stamps.
Jeera powder - 1 tbsp.
To enter simply become a follower, if you're not one already, and leave me a comment by midnight Thursday. Please make sure you leave an email address if you don't have a google account! I'll pick a random winner Friday.
“Well . . okay.”
It was a fairly normal week here in Victoria's Backyard - training on new production system for work, going to hear Alan Titchmarsh and friends talking about garden visiting at the Garden Museum, doing the supermarket run, the washing, the gardening, staying up late to watch UK local elections coverage, getting up early to watch yet more UK elections coverage, going to work to cover UK elections, staying late because of gremlins in the London mayoral count, going to choir practice this morning, setting off for the Crocus open day ...
But I was making martinis at eight years old every day at 5 o'clock, so I believe it's my calling to dispense wisdom from behind a dark, wooden bar instead of a dark, wooden pulpit. It's the dispensing of hope that defines my Self, not where my piece of wood is located. That doesn't quite read right. Or does it?
Ok so let’s get down to it.
Uncomfortable chairs are bad when dad is spending the night.
Nich received the top two of these books below, from me.
Mr Coulson: Forgive me for repeating it.
In thanks for all creation, in the Name of its Creator and His Oneness with all aspects of creation, we repeat our dedication to our cause today each hour, as we lay aside all thoughts that would distract us from our holy aim. For several minutes let your mind be cleared of all the foolish cobwebs which the world would weave around the holy Son of God. And learn the fragile nature of the chains that seem to keep the knowledge of yourself apart from your awareness, as you say:
(drumroll, please!)
I thought about his question. We hadn’t done much cooking at Rick’s apartment, but there was the off chance that I had handled a steak knife. Or cleaver. I closed my eyes, and prayed Dwayne was right. I just knew I wouldn’t look good in a state uniform.
"At Gloucester, they'll give her a permission to travel docket for the whole journey from Gloucester to London."
Forgive me if I hurt you
I know you have all seen this pretty tin before . It has been around for a few years I have seen other ladies have it on their blogs
Heck yeah, high five me, 80s! Woo!! You’re my best friend, 80s, I want to dress you in my love, all over your body…. Sorry there, 80s, that was a bit creepy, wasn’t it? I promise it won’t happen again. 80s? Where you going?.....come back…….
My bad action shot of the day is really bad.
From the time my babies were small, I’ve tried to impart to them the understanding that living a Christian life is choosing to be a soldier. The enemy doesn’t fight fair. It is a bloody, exhausting, but satisfying existence. Jesus has us here for a purpose — and working up enough faith to own mansions, labeling yourself a god (creepy, and blasphemous), and be healed of every hiccup isn’t it. We’re in a battle for souls, and everything in our lives are circulating around that. And if you, as a Christian, are leading a quiet, uneventful, rich life going to church, eating potato salad as you pat your righteous self on the back, attending seminars with other like-minded brothers and sisters, and nothing is ever going wrong for you — well, then you have been neutralized by the enemy. However, if you find yourself in the Valley of the Shadow of Death on a pretty consistent basis, then you are probably a threat, and you should be happy that at least you aren’t wasting away the talents God gave you. I find the most dangerous Christians in the world these days, emotionally exhausted, but spiritually powerful. Sometimes, you can almost see them lying in a crumpled, bloody pile with a big smile on their face. There is nothing like defeating the enemy! And the true warriors always untangle themselves, stand up, brush off the dust, bind up their wounds, and jump right back into the battle.
“Not him,” the May king said gruffly, his white cotton shirt hung forward allowing me an uncomfortable view of his well-muscled chest. My heart thumped oddly in my chest and I averted my eyes quickly.
The SBA’s yearly Global Entrepreneurship and Development Index was released this month and had some surprising results for both the U.S. and Puerto Rico.
anybody gotta futuristic scrambler?
As I sculpted each of Empress Cassandra’s features, she became more and more alive. I felt like she was watching my every move after her eyes were finished. She followed me around the studio, nodding yes or no as I chose the embellishments I would add. The name, Cassandra means “queen of the Olypian gods.” We will be making planters in my upcoming Faces class. Students will work at achieving this kind of realism in their planters, although we will be creating them on a much smaller scale.
For those of you lacking firsthand experience in youth plegm maintenence, well, what doesn’t get smeared across their own faces, hands, clothing, furniture or the wall, ends up parking itself in their chests and nasal passages for the duration of the cold, gurgling, whistling and bubbling.
I wanted *revival* to break out in our church. The more I read about the “amazing” things that happened in Wales, the more I wanted that to happen to us.
Second post from the Merchants Press Conference at NY City Hall on Monday, November 14. 2011. You can find the first post of the merchants here
In 2011 the team at Hilton Los Angeles/Universal City recycled the following:
They were delicious.
The socks will be perfect for her, seeing as she lives in Calgary, Canada and they have heaps of snow throughout winter.
Garlic powder– 3/4 tsp.
:) Thank you so much for stopping by to read, and I hope you will visit again soon! Now I will pass the torch to Jenifer Altman of Nectar & Light, "the sweet life, through a Polaroid."
God says, “I have no legal record of the sins of the accused. He’s my child, my son. He’s RIGHT with Me – JUSTIFIED.“
And, to get back to me and my affair, MY issue was that I couldn’t compartmentalize. He was a part of my life, he wasn’t anything to keep a secret or hide; I wanted the world to know that I loved him, and that is the truth- I was PROUD of what we had; he was the one that just did it for me- he was my husband in my heart. As for the man who I had an affair with, I won’t say the affair was easy for him because I know it was difficult for him a lot of the time and I don’t think compartmentalizing for him was a walk in the park just because of the nature of the kind of man he was. And, I don’t know how he really felt but I don’t think he really loved me- maybe he did, but…I do believe that “he believed” that he did…at the time. But guess what? If he loved me, he would have been with me, plain and simple. The huge amount of effort he took to make his marriage work, he would have given me the same chances he gave his wife, he would have given our relationship the same, “let’s try again” over and over that he gave his marriage. He didn’t. He walked. He didn’t fight for us – he didn’t say – damn, if this thing is strong enough to get in the middle of my marriage, I should, at the very least, give this relationship MY ALL. He didn’t. Are you all getting this whole covenant thing? If he and I were married, he would have thought a little harder about walking, wouldn’t he? And maybe he’ll say that because they had a few children that it was much more difficult to walk, and I’ll give him that- children MUST be considered and are a priority in ANY situation. But, I don’t think it was JUST the children. He wanted his marriage to succeed- whether he was in love with his wife or not, and there is absolutely nothing wrong with that – it’s honorable. And, he was a perfectionist type of guy, so anything less than success is failure in his eyes. But he didn’t care if WE succeeded, even though *I* wanted us to succeed. To me, we had the kind of love that I thought once we were officially together (and I was ready and prepared to wait YEARS for him if I had to!), we were going to show the world that THIS is how people love- THIS is what a relationship/marriage should be like…to me, we had the ingredients of a highly successful relationship – we had genuine friendship, we had romantic love, we were sexually compatible, and although we weren’t a 100% perfect match, what was key was that we were willing to compromise with each other and for the relationship. But in the end, I was the only one who felt that way. In his defense, maybe he couldn’t give it his all at the time, maybe he did everything he could to keep his sanity! Maybe our timing was just off; the movie “Before Sunset” is a good example of timing. A little off topic, but this past week I heard about 2 divorced couples who reunited! Maybe the group Shalimar was right, maybe it IS better the “second time around” (smile).
I watched you grow. I loved it when you sat with your little feet sticking out in front of you. In my mind's eye that still makes me chuckle. I have Never seen a bird lie down and sprawl out. Do all eagles do that, or were you putting on a show for your human Mamas.
I can’t find you.
The Boer protestors (pictured above) also demanded that the murderers be hanged – and had also carried out graphic re-enactments depicting the exact way in which the Lotter women had been put to death – scenes which shocked many onlookers and caused indignation in the news media.
Wipe down that mixer! Get any grime off.
It is a long video clip, taking the drive almost eight minutes to travel from top to bottom. Note all the trucks chaining up at the beginning of the hill in preparation for the climb.
Thanks to baker for recording
And I was thinking about Nell the Conqueror some more and thinking about working in some mutant tropes. I’m re-reading “Daybreak 2250″ by Andre Norton, and I can’t believe how many of her ideas about vanished human civilization I’ve already unconsciously absorbed and spit back out. I don’t have to worry about stealing from her because I’ve already stolen more than I ever knew I had.
A quiet day in Oban
As for despots, the worst of the lot presently is Syria’s Bashar Assad. For an excellent series examining how Russia and Iran had propping up his murderous regime, read Sophia Albertina’s series on the current slaughter in Syria. It is a repeat of his father, Hafez Assad’s in 1982 when he killed thousands in Homa to put down an insurrection, except that Bashar has killed even more Syrians.
So, for that reason, I’m excited to get away, although I will miss my husband and children dearly. I am looking forward to spending time with the woman who will be returning to them - a woman who knows when it’s important to step back and take a moment for herself.
First the all white:
When little E was born we could not go anywhere without that binki. I know some of you understand..how tragedy struck whenever we forgot it! However, as organized as I am binki's and mittens for that matter always seem to get lost in this house. So here is a way to make your own changeable binki and mitten clips. Using ribbon of your choice you can make a bunch of them and then change them to match whatever their wearing.
Based in St. Louis, Patriot Coal is a leading producer and marketer of coal in the eastern United States, with 13 active mining complexes in Appalachia and the Illinois Basin.
and even though my lips don’t move
I read this book in the stupidest way possible and months ago, so keep that in mind when you read this. I got through the first third of the novel and then put it down to read something else and didn't go back to it for several weeks. You can put some stories on hold like that without losing too much ground, slipping easily back into plot and characters. This is not one of those stories. Too many names, motives, and locations, especially with all the body and space hopping that goes on. But it's a fun read and worth your attention, so learn from my mistake.
2-Order fast and easy drinks to make if the bar looks busy. In other words, not be high maintenance.
Amy: Dude, have you ever made rice pudding? It's a study in patience. Patience...
Makes 8 servings, 4 net carbs per serving.
But upon further investigation you realize the center is empty.
CAREER: Executive director for Edaran Tan Chong Motor Sdn Bhd and sits on the board of various subsidiaries of Tan Chong Motor Group
And then a panel of editors shared their insights into what they look for in a new writer, what makes a 'dream' novel, tips for approaching them and other publishers.
“I don’t believe it!” he says, “You’re just mad because I got girlfriend.”
Oh those crazy Preppers! Remember when were were kids and Dad / Mom read that story about Chicken Little and the Sky Falling! Loved that story…Little did I know that my passion to prepare, educate and providing peace of mind for others wouldn’t be to far from this story line.
On a more positive note, the resources available in space are enormous, though at this point the cost of capitalizing on them is even larger. If that gap is ever to narrow, it will happen through the efforts of groups like Planetary Resources. Pure science only takes you so far, and building defenses against a global threat that might not materialize for a thousand or a million years is unlikely to galvanize governments that aren't even sure how to navigate the next year or decade, yet. But getting rich remains a pretty reliable motivation. If someone succeeds in overcoming the numerous obstacles that an effort such as that described on the company's website faces, rich won't begin to describe them.
The truth is that things don't just go my way. I make things go my way.
I whisper I love you
Guess I should tell you a little about myself. Generally I’m just an ordinary person, with quite a bit to say some of it even makes sense sometimes. I have simple core ambitions to get on with life as comfortable and content as possible with the one or two adventures thrown in. And of course having a few million tucked away would be nice. Maybe to be a little taller, slightly slimmer. Maybe one day to be younger on my next birthday.
18O earth, let not my blood be covered, and let my cry have no resting-place!
Meanwhile, in the same time slot, SBS‘s ‘Good Sunday‘ (a block of programming that includes the popular ‘Running Man‘ and ‘Laws of the Jungle 2‘ shows) recorded 14.9% and grabbed first place among competitors. MBC‘s ‘Our Sunday Night’ recorded 1.9% for ‘Exploration of Genders’ and 8.2% for ’I Am a Singer 2‘.
Timothy Treadwell, you are missed. Rest in peace.
“We feel that there are many people who know that the Pirate Party is unhappy with copyright legislation as it stands today, but who are unaware that we have a constructive proposal as to how it should be reformed. We are not just complaining,” Christian Engstrom told TorrentFreak.
The air link is part of the projects outlined in the Vietnam-UK 2011 Action Plan, whose aim was to identify opportunities for bilateral cooperation after the two countries signed the Strategic Partnership Declaration in September 2010. The plan also comprised of initiatives on political and diplomatic cooperation, trade and investment, education, training, science and technology, security and defense.
Washing over all our sin
Every London borough is different, I’m with Haringey, so basically there is a team of community midwives that deal with homebirths. I had my first appointment with Keiko, a really chilled out Japanese lady, who immediately made me happy as she was so relaxed. Exactly what I wanted - i hate a lot of fuss and she was completely zen-like. She went through a health checklist with me to make sure I was eligible. Technically you have to tick all the boxes to qualify for a homebirth, stuff like you cant be asthmatic, you have to be between 37 and 41 weeks pregnant etc Its basically only available for low-risk pregnancies and I was lucky enough to not have had a single complication my entire pregnancy.
I laughed. I was pleased we had made it this far.
There is a reason behind releasing them together. It's my idea, actually. The original concept, when I started trying to persuade brewers to make old recipes, was always to release pairs of beers. Contextualisation is the name of the game (and I want to play the game with you - junk telly, does it ever leave our heads?). By either having a pair of related beers from the same year, or the same beer from different years, they're given added depth.
Backstage, the vibe was incredible! Everyone was like family. The veteran competitors were more than happy to help out the newcomers and offer any advice they could.
I popped into Loo Loos boutique on Tuesday to see the lovely Lucy Webb about stocking some of my hair accessories in her new children's boutique. We had got chatting on Twitter and she'd asked me to pop in.
The 2010 season (the third most active season on record jointly with 1887 and 1995) experienced 19 named storms, 12 of which developed into hurricanes (second most active hurricane season jointly with 1969.
that knows just how it wants to burn
Before I tell you about our next challenge I would just like to let you know that I am still very much looking at setting up Our Vintage Affair design team. As the site grows I am hoping that I can bring together one very talented and inspiring group of designers to inspire you every month. So on that note I would like to introduce you to our first Design Team Member - the lovely and very talented
This is a new one I'm testing. I don't give a lot of homework, however, if I have some things I need them to do, I can encode the text and tape it up onto my assignment grid. They can snap a picture and put it into a text program of their choice. I'm not sure whether I'm going to end up keeping it as an SMS message or text file, but for now, I do it as a text file.
To me you’re always beautiful
Address: 851 SW 6th Street
Search: When can I plant in the ground in Anchorage, Alaska?
what do you think? do you normally go sans powder or is it a must? i thought it was a must but turns out every now and then, cream is my savior :)
He decided that I was awake enough for my spanking. Laughed as he "helped" me over his lap. I believe I reminded him that he was a big meanie.
Softening the Inhalation
So, what exactly is going to happen when gay people everywhere can finally get married? Is your marriage going to *POOF !* disappear? Will you have to tell everyone you had a STRAIGHT marriage, just so they don't get confused? Are they going to make straight people everywhere nullify their marriages, so gay people can have a turn? Is your relationship with your partner going to feel "less special" now? Is your neighbourhood going to be BOMBARDED with tedious gay newlyweds? Are you going to HAVE to go to GAY WEDDINGS all the damn time now?
A collection of groans and sighs filled the room as Miss Flint went from desk to desk, dealing out her students’ fates.
Decision Time
We have the opportunity
But what about the tacos? A 10! A 10! Seriously. Perfect modern fusion. Authentic yet innovative. This is what I am looking for in a taco, something that blows my mind and opens it up to all the taco possibilities.
Armed with our detailed list, we headed to the garden centre on Sunday morning. Despite all of the eye-catching perennials on display, we managed to stick pretty close to our list, with very few “impulse” selections making it onto our cart.
So that was the end of that artistic pursuit.
Lo Cole is a freelance illustrator and print maker based in Gloucestershire with a career already spanning 20 years and a very impressive client list including; Vogue, The Guardian, Greenpeace, The Royal National Theatre, Harper Collins and Royal Mail Stamps.
Nothing about this would be strange if it wasn't coming from a third-generation Boer descendant who has never been to South Africa. Blackie, a jovial, unshorn fellow in his early 40s, lives in Argentina's Chubut province in the small farming town of Sarmiento, about 160km inland from Comodoro Rivadavia, a dusty, wind-swept patch of earth on Patagonia's east coast where the Boers landed in 1903.
Hello, thREADERS! Just wanted to give y’all a friendly reminder that, whenever you KNOW all eyes are on you, or even when you think no one is watching you… always buckle up and be careful not to get caught with your pants down.
Lib Dem leader says party’s ineptitude needed ‘as much as ever’ in government.
Fried Green Tomatoes and Beer Battered Green Beans
There is an interesting adverse consequence, though, to not allowing gays to marry. As more states begin to recognize gay marriages legally, we are starting to see the harm being done by the Defense of Marriage Act of 1996, which essentially holds that state recognition neither carries over to other states nor is recognizable on a federal level.
BEERFEST: THE GOOD ONE
These old scanned photos were taken by my dad. I assumed the one with him in it, was taken by my mum :) My dad used to take artistic shots around the UK when it was one of his most favourite hobby then. So I probably have thousands of photos of when I was little including those old school slides. Bear in mind nothing was digital back then.
35. Be fitted for a new bra
J.B. Chicoine
This special shall be devoted to kitties from an email my beloved Cioci Tina sent me back in March, the subject of which was Fwd: FW: FW: Cat Baths. Thank goodness for the forwarded word! (Image.)
Focus: Can multiethnic countries survive and what is the reason for their failure to function?
For example, take this headline that appeared on the above Web site: “Why even bother playing football?” The short article discusses Duke University’s new football coach, David Cutcliffe, and how he hopes to turn the program around. In this instance, the question contradicts the article’s premise and adds unnecessary ambiguity. The reader could think the article is an anti-football sports’ column or a profile of a player — too much room for misinterpretation.
It seems that over the past few weeks I have spent a fair amount of time talking and thinking about beer and food matching. Between bumping into BeerMatt, pouring some very nice food beers at Purvis Cellars tasting night and dining with The Beer Diva at The Local Taphouse (a review of which I really must finish and post) and planning the next Courthouse Restaurant Beer Dinner it feels as though I have been looking at beer in a very one-dimensional way.
Soooooo, in honor of my birthday month, I thought I'd make myself a little candy. Pretty, sparkly, wearable candy!
Last years teams reintroduced the blown diffuser concept, either by blowing exhaust gasses over the top of the diffuser, or by creating an opening into the diffuser to blow inside the diffuser. Both solutions created more downforce. With the latter solution now banned, it seemed the less effective over-blown solutions are all that’s left to race. However LRGP have found another way, blowing the front edge of the floor.
Oh and....
SO....since lately all I am doing is talking....move, house, move, stress I thought you all could use some me time and I am going to give away a shower gel and lotion from Layers!
This may just be the most un-spring-like spring in all my years as a gardener. The temperatures have ventured past chilly into actual cold weather territory, and tomorrow we may not even reach 50 degrees. I don't remember a day without at least a threat of rain in weeks, and the winds today have been brutal to tulips (above) and gardeners alike.
Lipstick: eSmEE- Dutch Touch
Is all one needs to find our Christ and find in Him his way,
This is a Season. A season of forgiveness. It never goes away. It may hide in the shadows during your time of thanksgiving...
To begin with, we gave each child a weekly allowance of a dollar, paid in 10 dimes. I explained (over and over again for months – every single week) that when I gave them one dollar, that equals ten dimes. If you have ten dimes, we give one to Jesus. We put 3 dimes in save, and we get to spend 6 whole dimes! Now 6 dimes won’t go far, so I would take them to the dollar store twice a month to spend their treasure. Once they had the dime thing down, I raised their allowance to 20 dimes a week. The boys began to understand the concept of percentages, they saw their savings growing, and once a week, they had a little cash to spend. I took them to Target to take a look at the things they could buy if they just waited a week or three, and they began to learn to save short-term as well. Eventually, I began to pay the kids in a variety of coins, allowing them to make change for themselves out of their spend bank. They learned to count coins, and to add and subtract. All in all, I think it worked well.
Like Nobodies Business (Spill Your Guts), Pezmosis Music Productions (2005)
He decided for the quilt and the cover remained untouched.
Jan Juc Coast Action’s program involves trapping the foxes with soft jaw traps and does not utilise and bait in order to protect dogs.
with glue stick. Hold a minute.
ANINI 12
My employee hand book never covered that...........
An interesting observation from Joe’s paper is the statement:
Kids will be Kids and in this video they are no exception!
“Sorry” I remark, a little bothered that this man has disrupted my daydream of fluffy clouds and the wondrous sights of Gloucester road I love so much, “what do you mean?”
The real secret to never aging , is likely dying young. Seeing as I am not prepared to do that , I am instead going to celebrate my age. My grey hairs , crows feet, the works. Because with age comes experience and knowledge and a certain sense of satifaction in what we have learned and accomplished . And what we have still to do.
Constant Surprises - Little Dragon
I’m no Star Trek fan, but I’m familiar enough with the series to know that in it, space is the final frontier. In 21st century America, it’s hard to imagine what the exploration of land was like, though I sometimes find myself thinking of pioneers as my family crosses the mountains in our van.
“We are still meeting on the issue(whether to press for NSA’s sacking), but I can tell you that majority of our members want the man out of office.”
Heat a griddle or skillet to medium heat. Dip the bread slices in the egg mixture on both sides, allowing a minute or two each side. Place a teaspoon or two of oil and butter in the hot pan and place the bread slices onto the skillet. Flip the toast when they are browned, 4 or 5 minutes each side. Place in warm oven to keep warm while finishing the rest of the French toast.
In the meantime, lets hope this cheating culture passes, and we are left with the game we all fell in love with all those years ago.
just like I’m glad I’m living in the land of the free
When a person enters this world, a boy or a girl is born.
392 Murrumbateman Road, NSW 2582 Phone: 0432 060 903
So the gentelman that works there didnt know why she was refusing another hamburger. So he goes there the 3rd time and says “M’am i wanna get you another hamburger.” The enderly lady looks at him and says, “Son, we share everything!”
6-I will see God when I am pure in heart. I need to get rid of anything that affects my heart being pure. I need to be pure in heart in everything I do. ( Finally, brothers and sisters, whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable—if anything is excellent or praiseworthy—think about such things. Philippians 4:8)
Only after this point will the female consent.
That’ll get the false converts going every time.
I want to be the one walking the street from morning to night. Running past bus stops. Hearing my bare soles wallop on the tarmac. Paying no heed to buggies, roaring past, feeling the city spin its head and pare its eyelids back.
*Put on a lot of makeup like you’re going to be in a beauty pageant, carry scissors and a blow dryer and go as “pretty cut and dry.”
Sitting in the window where the clothes once were, I stir my coffee and look out across the square. There's a huge pub called the Daylight Inn. It was named for William Willett, a campaigner for daylight saving. I know there's a memorial for him in the woods; a huge sundial. Just behind the Daylight there used to be a kitchen shop, with a small office above it, where I worked for twelve hours a week while Megan was at nursery. Cornwall Lord Chartered Accountants moved away long ago; but I still remember how I used to dash out of there at lunchtime to pick Megan up, I remember how she loved to cross the road to the bakers on the corner for a hot sausage roll.
It's okay that I am obsessed with Peppermint herbal tea. I've been having some tummy issues recently, (good old IBS, right?) plus I won a Libre Tea mug from a blog giveaway. Peppermint tea is good for upset tummies, and it's delish! Mmmm! Plus, I am LOVING this mug!
& feeling
I Peter 1:16
Me - But what about Uncle Stu? You don't think his tattoo is scary, do you?
I’m not used to being a spectator. I haven’t legitimately spectated a soccer game in over eight years. It has become the most foreign thing to me. After being forced to watch Ally’s game today, I understand why.
Blah, blah, blah. If you’ve nodded off or clickety clacked elsewhere already then good, I can say something private to my husband:
See, brewers: session beers make business sense. Okay, I don't really think their lead example makes sense -- 5.3% Redhook Pilsner vs. 5.8% Redhook ESB -- in fact, it's a walking example of why I think the top limit should be 4.5% rather than 5%. This is more about another great idea, though: craft CAN get big numbers if they make some great interpretations of beers that are quite drinkable and craft-respectable: helles, bitter, dunkel, kölsch, English summer ale, mild, brown ale, just to name a few. You'll notice that there's cross-over with session there, and if you can put out a great-tasting sub-4.5% beer, you'll have a beer that people will have more of, and more people will have. What's more, the Miller Lite guy in this story will learn how badly he muffed it.
"Momma, you're a good nurse at the doctor's office."
What's important for those of us who have CHLs (Concealed Handgun Licenses for the pacifist liberal readers) is that the old adage of "If you go looking for trouble, you'll probably find it" was once again born out to be true in this case.
Avenue of Stars
Fee: $20
I often find myself wondering if time will always move so quickly. And then I try to make a conscious effort to pay better attention to the people and the sights around me. Occasionally I wish I had taken time to enjoy our gardens this year, as we'll move in the spring before they bloom again. And yet, if I missed the gardens in order to spend more time with the family, is it really such a loss?
The Department of Resources, Energy and Tourism on Tuesday confirmed ASIO’s role in advising on security issues relating to protests against coal mining when it refused to release under freedom of information a December 2010 ministerial brief on the possible disruption of energy infrastructure by protesters. The document has been wholly exempted from release because it contains sensitive information exchanged between federal, state and territory governments, and classified information derived from ”an intelligence agency document”.
First I had to make passion fruit curd
BC: Aragorn.
(A GARDEN MISHAP)
For when we invite His life into our hearts,
Spock
For now, it will hang at the Van Gogh Museum. Later this year it and dozens of other paintings will be shifted across the Amstel River to the Hermitage Amsterdam while the Van Gogh Museum closes for several months for renovations.
wandering_shoes@live.com
towards the silence of nature where their soul will unfurl itself in its long lost element,
He said "Let's not rush into things. I don't want to disappoint you."
A number of commenters suggested the burden was on me (or the entire Left) to prove that de-regulation and less oversight was the source of the global financial meltdown. I thought they already had. Google Nobel Prize winning Paul Krugman and see what he’s been saying over the last couple years. Or Jeffrey Sachs if he’s more to your economic taste. Check out Matt Taibbi in Rolling Stone for the naked criminality at the very heart of the meltdown. Read Michael Lewis’s The Big Short or Andrew Ross Sorkin’s Too Big To Fail. Watch Charles Ferguson’s documentary, Inside Job. The case has been made quite definitively. You dispute it? You refute it.
I've been away for a while. Thinking. Dreaming. Playing with words. But I've chosen to come back today and write about my personal reaction to a difficult and emotive subject which polarises opinion. You'll probably know what I'm talking about. Terry Pratchett's BBC documentary, Choosing to Die was screened on the BBC last night. I cried throughout, though not for the reasons you may imagine. It was a dignified, wonderful and moving programme made with unflinching bravery and infinite compassion. Much will be said on both sides of the fence about the rights and wrongs of assisted suicide. I can only speak for myself here.
The trio that make up Swarms hail from Bristol and hence in the reviews of this album the usual Bristolian suspects all get a mention, Massive Attack, Portishead etc. Personally, I think that the album sounds like a collaboration between Burial and The Future Sound of London. It is one of those albums that flow and has to be listened to in it's entirety which doesn't mean that there aren't any standout tracks, there are, the one posted for example but they just all sound better as part of the whole rather than one off tracks. This album is well worth 42 minutes of anyone's attention and when listened to over and over only gives repeated pleasure.
Politicians.
The evening was far from a waste. The band played quite well. Alexei, a newish friend and the sound engineer who is recording the Dentones in his studio, got the PA very nicely balanced. The bartender liked us a lot, offered the consoling words that early shows are notoriously hard to populate, and gave me free beer for the rest of the evening. Also, Garrett Williams, the drummer for Right or Happy (with whom we are doing a May 29th gig) caught the last few of our tunes. He was probably there on a fact-finding mission to make sure our PA is acceptable and that the Dentones are, too. He talked to Big A for a bit (they have a mutual friend who was the genesis of this upcoming gig), introduced himself to the rest of us, and said we sounded good.
"Well, I really do want to move to Humid State," she replied. "I have family there and housing is so much cheaper in that part of the country."
But what about the plateauing? Why does that happen? Sometimes it's because the kitchen hits a good groove. Why fuck with a good thing? Things start to click, service is smooth, the food looks and tastes great. And in a progressive kitchen, the team knows when they've played it safe. Time for new recipes. Move some cooks around. Push everyone out of their comfort zone. Graph moves up, food gets better, guests get a new experience. Or you stay on the plateau. Everyone stays in the comfort zone. Things are good, and the standard is maintained. Then it starts to get stale. The cooks get to a point where they can work their stations with eyes closed...and sometimes they do. Some restaurants spend their entire existance on this plateau.
6) Cooking – Yes, I found out yesterday for the first time, that my future husband can actually cook! I will be using this new found skill on him when married life sets in! (See picture to your left for a sneak peak at his romantic side)
But it’s not all great with this product. After removing the mask and massaging the essence into my skin, there is a sticky film left, as the essence doesn’t get absorbed into my skin quickly enough. In fact the sticky feel lingers for for another half hour, before I couldn’t take it anymore and went to rinse my face. Though the instructions says there’s no need to rinse off, but I can’t stand the sticky feeling in this hot humid weather. Rinsing off is something I have no problem with, since i do that for Silk Whitia masks anyway, but those who have a gripe with the sticky feeling might want to stay clear. Or perhaps this might work much better for dry skin? The effects are pretty good, as my skin feels plump with moisture, and my skin didn’t have a reaction to this, so I guess it is more suitable for dry/sensitive skin after all.
Bersih 2.0 was undoubtedly one of those iconic events, destined to be forever etched into Malaysia’s collective memory.
How-to articles go beyond the story to the process of solving a problem or dealing with an issue. What practical insights from a quiet time did you apply to an experience? What process did God use to get you from one point to another?
20The fifth, sardonyx; the sixth, sardius; the seventh, chrysolyte; the eighth, beryl; the ninth, a topaz; the tenth, a chrysoprasus; the eleventh, a jacinth; the twelfth, an amethyst.
The prosecution team intends to call at least eight journalists including veterans Raissa Robles and Maritess Vitug to the witness stand. That’s not surprising though. Fact is, these journalists would have drafted a much stronger case against the Chief Justice than the House of Representatives.
7. Is it pleasure-increasing and/or pain-reducing? To begin with it may be uncomfortable, given how different it is to the previous belief, but with time, most likely yes.
Life carried me away from medicine — my soul wasn’t really there — and I eventually studied economics, later graduating with a master’s degree in marketing. After graduation, I started working in a small investment bank called Activobank, which is owned by the largest private Portuguese bank, Millennium BCP. I remained at ActivoBank for 11 years, until March 2011.
The weather in January was CRAZY.
VIJAYA: Not at this time. But if I did, it would be a much later story in the chronicles, the story of the humans of Kassouk making first contact with humans from earth. What if a vessel from earth came to them? How would both parties react to the way their cultures have changed over many centuries? It would be an interesting confrontation. Would they be friends or enemies? That story is brewing in the back of my mind and might one day surface as a novel.
7 Rain Song Part 1
Good to see that Scottish Labour and SNP working together with others to protect the poorest. Could it be possible that a Scottish DLA could be created? Having watched the Welfare Committee meetings over the past months, proves to me 1. Holyrood is more open and democratic arena 2. The House of Lords is a pointless place, that is spineless and uncaring. I have no idea why the Lord received so much credit, when they failed everyone on WRB and DLA.
I just hope that in addition to evolving our political landscape and seeking out the types of leaders we want to represent us in the global arena, we also find the time to cultivate the leader in each of ourselves.
Often these days, according to , company-specific apps need to be developed. And with the proliferation of company’s specializing in app development these days, this can be done quickly and easily – but it also comes with a price. So again, plan accordingly.
This week I was asked to make a prop dog. I guessed they needed something to torture on the sketch comedy my friend is working on. I have made puppets and fuzzy cats for MadTV I wanted to see if I could build a dog. They were bringing me a toy dog to play with or tear apart and a full cow hide.
with flowers in her pretty hair and dress.
15I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or hot.
4. New Pet Resort Signs on left side.
The lawmaker added: “The Constitution belongs to all Malaysians and not any political party per se. Some politicians are actually destroying racial unity in manipulating the neat foundation of the Constitution when they insinuate that the minorities must accept themselves as second-class citizens.”
and despite the coolness
When businesses use social media properly, it opens up huge possibilities to address concerns, satisfy existing customers and attract new business.
Just one of many articles explaining how global warming increases extreme weather: cold areas become colder, hot areas become hotter, and storms everywhere become more intense.
Dec 1 – PKR unveil more allegations of financial misappropriation by the NFCorp, claiming that the company ought a luxury car, two plots of land and paid for holiday packages using part of its RM250mil Government soft loan.
Truls Drageset Dydland, City Council representative for Rødt (the Reds), admits that he observed the incident but denies that any violence was used against the FpU members.
Furthermore…
So nice.
Good morning! I combined some challenges to make my card for today; the starting point was the SCS sketch challenge.... You could either make a pocket or the lower portion could open; I opted to go for the pocket, so my fold is on the bottom. The bottom of the insert is left blank so you can write your message.
Conversations with Helene Grimaud:
The idealism that accompanied the birth of new South Africa has been destroyed by black rule yet the rainbow nation is still a fantasy to Western elites. They need to believe in it or face the reality that racial equality does not exist. The dream of truth and reconciliation and the deification of Nelson Mandela make it hard to accept that after whites gave way to Blacks the Boer minority would be subjected to racial genocide. Boers, you see, have not been sentimentalised, are not figures of sympathy but dehumanised as racists so their murder is not seen as important."
Happy complicating,
and when the downpour hits all the harder
Causation
As wish fulfillments go it get ugly fairly fast. What about everyone else? The old Jewish ladies with their walkers, oblivious. The Russians and the Greeks and the Latino delivery guys. The ones without the “power assist” bikes are going to do just fine. For a little while. Until some asshole decides he needs to “borrow” it.
I promised him half if he'd work to get compensation,
1 rising
So my desk is busy!! Not as busy as it was earlier in the night when I had lots more stuff out ... did a bit of tidying up as I knew you were popping round!!
Sunday began with a cooking demonstration by Sara Moulton, who focused on inserting an International flair into home cooked meals. My next seminar was with Chef Thomas Keller and Keith Martin, owner and operator of the farm Elysian Fields Sheep Farm in Pennsylvania and Elysian Field brand lamb. Chef Keller gets his lamb from Mr. Martin, and I can see why. We compared his lamb chop to a Colorado lamb chop. I could have listened to these two guys all day! The meat was outstanding. Martin’s love for each of his animals was so apparent, and it truly makes a difference in the quality of the meat. A few days after I returned to San Diego, a box of meat arrived from Elysian Field with a variety of cuts. What a nice welcome home package!
Vipin Medhekar, her business strategist, confirmed to a daily that it will be “the boldest film that the Indian audience has ever experienced and the first look will be out by the end of April or the first week of May.”
And that, unfortunately, is no pun.
So then I made the main feature of the canvas which is one of those frame thingies from Tando Creative (an Ally Pally purchase from Coleman's Craft Warehouse). I cut a piece of Papererartsy's smoothy paper to fit the frame, coloured the background with Shabby Shutters and Broken China Distress Inks and filled it up with some of Paperartsy's beautiful floral images. These were coloured with Prismacolor pencils. The frame was painted Black first and then a layer of Hey Pesto which gave me a lovely, deep shade of green....right up my street! That butterfly at the top is also a Tando thingy and this was given the Paperartsy Crackle Glaze treatment before layering other colours of Fresc paint on top.....really like how this turned out, a little bit of script always works well as a finishing touch.
Today, nearly 60 years beyond the horrors of Dr. Bender’s CIA-sponsored experiments on children, few people are aware that they were conducted. For most people, regardless of their awareness of the experiments, it is difficult to fathom how intelligent, highly educated physicians and scientists could partake in such brutal, uncaring, unethical and illegal experiments on children. What was the basis of their motivation? Was it the quest for some sort of elusive medical grail? Was it for economic gain? Or was it simply the result of a misguided search for knowledge that appeared so infinitely important that any sense of compassion and respect for human rights and dignity was cast aside in the name of a higher goal or good – a search at times so exhilarating with the sense that one is at the precipice of a momentous discovery that any semblance of respect for humankind was thrown aside?
Handcrafted with 12 botanicals including a rare blend of teas, Beefeater 24 is distilled in the heart of London. Its name is inspired by the city’s 24-hour stylish, sophisticated lifestyle, as well as the unique 24-hour steeping process designed to make the gin exceptional. Beefeater 24 is the ultimate creation of Desmond Payne - arguably the world’s most experienced Gin Master Distiller – and draws upon his more than 40 years of distilling expertise.
I take pictures of the bright green bushes and the gnarled, dead-looking trees, and when I’m not taking pictures, I’m getting my clothes caught on branches covered in thorns. After only an hour, we reach the ridge that we were aiming for. It literally takes my breath away.
Uh Oh!
Pull the tape so it is straight out but don't pull it so tight that it pulls it up off the floor and pulls up the pin. Take a marker and put it at the 1" end of the tape. I just poke mine through the little hole in the metal tip. Then draw an arc across the paper, making sure to keep the tape straight.
Calories from carbs – Recommended: 65-75%
But its not about creating masterpieces that I about scrapbooking and card making. Its about preserving and creating memories for the and about the people I love. My pathetic little attempts at uninspired creativity are just reminders that the reason I craft, is not about me, but about others. Creating things of beauty to give away, share, and express just how much I love the people around me. Its usually the cards and layouts that I think are the least attractive or technically correct that I get the highest compliments or praises about. Its because the people look deeper than just the surface. They see the smudge marks, and glue drips, or in some cases, misspelled words and hasty corrections. There is love there that will never compete with the fancy store bought cards you can get with their witty sayings. But my cards carry part of me and the love I have for the recipient.
My impression: the dj and producer are carriers, Typhoid Marys, able to fight off the disease themselves but also infecting every poor soul who hears them. They are both depressed, both regularly self-medicating, and unable to meaningfully connect with others. They both want to – the dj’s handmade Valentine’s Day cards for his coworkers, the producer’s fatal phone calls to her distant children – but are only hearing others through a thick filter of helpless gloom, distorting their meaning. Their well-meaning attempts to warn listeners – not-so-incidentally skyrocketing their own profile in the process – are spreading the disease to everyone who tunes in from as far away as the UK via a BBC simulcast. Their dissociated thinking can save them, but trying to pass the trick on to others is impossible as even they don’t truly know
I flipped my shit in the car on the way home. Yeah, if you were driving by at approx. 7:45 last night, I was the mom in the little green car who was SHRIEKING as she drove. Shrieking because after trying to be patient, and understanding, and saying the same thing over and over again in a calm, rational voice, and getting smacked (me, people), and yelled at, for three solid hours, it builds and builds and BUILDS until you LOSE IT. Something SNAPS inside you, and you're shrieking down the road that your son needs MEDICINE to STOP BUGGING HIS SISTER!!!!!!!!
I would still class Hollow Pike a supernatural YA novel – but something a little different. Hollow Pike is a town with a dirty little secret, one that it has tried to keep buried, but Lis London and her friends are about to uncover it! I don’t think ‘supernatural’ is ever ‘out of fashion’, I mean fantastical, thrilling, scary stories never go out of style. Look at ‘Daughter of Smoke and Bone’, or ‘Sisters Red’…things move on, but retain a sense of the paranormal.
They need a working class agenda. Not only opposition to all public asset sales, but the return of all privatised assets to public ownership. The private multinational hucksters like Infratil, Veolia, etc etc need to be thrown out, and transport, energy, roading, water, etc all put under a new Regional Council to which the Community Committees elect their representatives.
We also worked on saying it while marching, while hopping on one foot, while clapping, while spinning around and around, etc. That was especially helpful as we worked on learning the reference (which isn't required until their second year). Here he is saying it on his bed.
I wish I could go back and take new pictures, but I can't. Anyways, Shelf #1- A fake cake platter that I had been meaning to fix for some time, a big ol' jar of mints and jelly beans (jar from Home Sense, candy from Bulk Barn) and a small container of Jawbreakers (found at Chapters).
Those you have elected and those they have appointed will disinherit you, if they can they will destroy you, for it is their aim to destroy you it is their aim to eradicate and replace you, and they will do so without a qualm.
by Alan S. Kleiman
Malema attacked critics who described him as reckless. "What is reckless about calling for changing property relations to favor the working class and the poor?" he said. "We should be the voice of farmworkers, of garbage carriers, of street sweepers, of manufacturing workers, of the unemployed reserves of workers. We should be the voice of all people in informal settlements and underdeveloped areas."
It is to be doubted whether any spot on earth can, in desolateness, furnish a parallel to this group… in these isles, rain never falls… Another feature in these isles is their emphatic uninhabitableness…
The whole weekend wasn’t a total waste mind you but it certainly wasn’t as productive or as fun as most others though. My bad. Oh well, I still managed to get MOST of the housework done, talked with a few friends over the phone, watched a few t.v. movies, hung out with my son for a bit (he worked most of the weekend and was out and about with friends for most of the other half), did groceries, responded to emails from clients, started working on my Reverse Bucket List blog (what’s that? read HERE) and completed my month end report.
To see if he could swim,
***(I apologize that the last few photos weren't the greatest. By the time this meal was done it was dark outside and the lighting in our new home isn't the greatest at night- lots of yellow bulbs.)
If case-handling staff is concerned with the cases, they should withdraw themselves, if they do not withdraw, the parties may request their withdrawal. Withdrawal of case-handling staff must be examined and approved by the responsible person of this entity. The withdrawal of a responsible person should be examined and approved by the People's Government of this level.
According to the Saharawi human rights activists, Moroccan military may attack Saharawi workers because of these new protests against the plundering of natural resources and marginalization, at a time when the Moroccan military is apparently preparing for a visit by King Mohamed VI to the military zone of Dakhla. The activists are appealing to the MINURSO peacekeepers for protection.
Copper color, white head. Nose has a citrus hops and maybe some butter. Strong to moderate citrus hop taste with a quick finish. I see ya with the nice bread going on. I'm good to go with this pale ale. Its not a West Coast, but more like a weak American to a Strong British Pale Ale. Some cara-pils in there and more bread as it warms. 3 Star.
momentous sadness
Chris Kyle, a former SEAL sniper with 160 confirmed and another 95 unconfirmed kills to his credit, said: ‘The operation itself was great and the nation felt immense pride. It was great that we did it.
1. Speed Limit
He was heading toward a deep puddle she’d recently encountered.
First, the My Pink Stamper release. What is really exciting is Robyn now has a QR code on the back of each stamp set. So if you have an iPhone or Smart phone (of which I have neither - so I'll just pretend I know what I am talking about!), download the free app and then you'll be able to watch an exclusive video of Robyn making a project with that stamp set! Technology is so cool.
Milk Chocolate by Devine
I assume that the story of Jamestown is still taught in our schools. We were taught that the settlers were all ‘gentlemen’ who didn’t do anything but look for gold, that the Indian maiden Pocohantas saved Captain John Smith, and that Captain Smith saved Jamestown. We also learned that later almost all the settlers died and the survivros decided to give up and return to England, only to be met by supply ships and new settlers at the mouth of the James River.
Telenstil lead her from the cell. "And you sir, who are you?" he asked the elf who followed them.
“Three-Twelve.”
When you look at the area from above you can actually see all the holes in the ground made by canons and guns and tanks and so forth. (We saw a film a few days later that actually had some footage from above) Several of the bunkers still more or less stood and we were able to go inside and see where the Germans tried to get rid of those pesky Americans. There was one bunker right overlooking the ocean, where the wooden ceiling had been burnt, which must have been quite frightening for the men. Other bunkers were severely damaged by bullets and grenades and stuff.
I admitted to one little mishap at the end of this post, and I really watched out which row of blocks I was cutting last night. However I mixed them up this time on purpose, because I liked the effect of my 'mishap'. I even got everything pressed but didn't see that I flipped the colors by accident on several. I guess it was kind of late. No I did not run for the seam ripper, it was 6 am this morning and my rotary cutter was still out on the counter and I just cut he second row of the block to add on to the bottom and with one more flip everything was back in order.
Every situation becomes an opportunity
Here in Germany the law says that each homeowner is responsible for making the path outside their property safely passable (on foot btw, I don't have to clear the road as well thank goodness)
Do not know if any of you remembered the BIG HOLE after we took out the midget size backdoor.
Q. What is the Higgs boson?
(that you broke my wings so I couldn’t reach.)
So I know you're asking-what's with the massive exercise??-well of course it was a biking feat of extreme madness! Ride up our highest local point with 2000 other crazy cyclists! And done-another goal checked off the list,Photo of me at the top to follow. It was after I got to the summit,that I found I could drink(thank goodness) but doubt I could eat anything. So I was on the powerade for the next 35 kms of hill riding-total of 50 km. Just loving the biking right now.
(NaturalNews) Though she has reportedly assisted in the successful delivery of more than 1,700 babies, 400 of which were born in their families’ homes, 49-year-old Ireena Keeslar, a former obstetrics nurse-turned-midwife, was recently arrested on charges of practicing midwifery without a license. And at her hearing in LaGrange County, Indiana, on April 9, 2012, more than 100 supporters of all ages came out to protest her incarceration, and take a stand for women’s birthing rights.
Grilled Shrimp ‘N Spinach Salad *without dressing* = 630 calories
"It's so disorienting, isn't it? Helen was saying.
Bear told me about, so I'll post about that, and the other things I found, next.
Turn to side of strap at base of handle and sc into handle alongside edge about 10 sc, turn. Ch1. Sc in each sc across (10 sc) Continue for 4 or 5 row or for how wide you want the pouch to be.
Ever since I started venturing on a Long Distance Relationship Love Affair, I am traumatized by goodbyes.
I stared at the last paragraph in awe-eyed wonder. Hidden rooms? Treasures? This was not something I could pass up, I was going to have to explore the school very thoroughly, to see if I could prove any of this… and also, a small part of me was very aware that Amelia would never read this book, could never know the secret it contained.
The finding, published in the British Journal of Psychiatry, supports a belief that intellectual ability is associated with mental illness.
I want to be able to give my children a window into this beautiful world, not just as rasiks (those who listen, appreciate), but as practitioners of these classical arts that have a timeless beauty, even as I want to reclaim a bit of it for myself.
I had a song in my head the other day so like any good computer lover who didnt have the song readily available, I youtubed it. I didnt know who sang it, so I just clicked on a link that looked right and ended up with a cover that sang the song as a duet. I'd initially been thinking of it because reading the lyrics had me waxing poetic about Peter (and the fact that we are coming upon 14 years- where has that time gone????)
I note this morning a Reuters Obama quote re the Merkel visit, in which he says (my italics):
LOTS! I have 40 charities right now that I donate to and I am always adding more. Customers and the charities themselves will contact me to add their charity to my list. I have a list on my website so people can see who I donate to and if they like, they can click the charity to go to the site and make their own donation. I have what I call a Charity of the Month, that I donate a $1 from every item sold during that month, to that specific charity.
It was hard to leave him, but as guilty as I feel saying it—it was not as hard as I thought it would be. I missed him a lot. I cried multiple times the day we left. We called and skyped. I would look at pictures and videos of him every night on the computer. BUT, I still was able to enjoy myself and the time with Spencer. In reality I have not been away from Preston for more than a couple hours at a time since he was born and it was nice to have a little independence before baby #2 comes along.
The album continues to challenge the listener, to greater or lesser success or failure. "Black Is Beautiful" almost feels like they are (as the British would say) 'having a go' at the listener with a playful send-up of Afrocentric pride; then I think to myself, no, they are totally sincere, just hopelessly clumsy and even naive about it. From a sociohistorical context, in Brazil or in the US where the phrase "Black is beautiful" was born, there is so much that is just WRONG with this tune that I wouldn't know where to start. I still can't honestly say what they were thinking.. This album has plenty of The Brother's Valle blue-eyed soul on it, but this song has enough exaggerated torch-song drama to it that I just can't take it too seriously But it's also too damn intriguing for me to leave it at face value, and its kind of, well, a bit hilarious:
By his smiley flow.
Ink: Memento tuxedo black (Tsukineko), Copic markers
8. Is there any sense to all the religions of the world? Or are they just people’s ways of coping with their eventual demise?
discredited and abandoned -
If the ‘youngers’ can create slang, so can I !
Sacrament of Matrimony (file folder game)- Answer different kinds of questions (multiple choice, True or False, Fill in the Blank, or Puzzles) about the Sacrament of Matrimony as you move around the board.
The man who killed Dad was an immigrant from India. He was not charged with a crime. He was given a ticket for "Failure To Yield The Right Of Way", which was swept under the rug along with the rest of the incident. (He was friends with county officials.) This man did not apologize to my family. Not once. Never. At the time, I hated this man. That hate and anger spread inside of me like a disease. I was out of my mind with grief, anger, and hatred.
You dally because you either have a four or five hundred pound steer you are trying to turn for your partner to grab its hind legs, or because you’ve got the hind legs and you’re wrapping up your run and that dally and pull is what stops the clock.
She is hotly pursued by a slightly portly man in a tan, different uniform and a nervous-looking woman. They don't seem to be the main officers that the zombies have so far inhabited. Martha peeks out and they start talking to her, trying to lure her out. What convinces her is that the portly man is trying to catch his breath. Martha timidly steps out and we find the woman to be just an average, secondary support level person- like a minor operations lady. The man however is wearing a uniform because he is a local cub-scout leader. Woo Hoo for the 24th century! The Cub Scouts survive. Way to go! Anyways, they thought that Martha was a zombie and they were trying to kill her. Now that we find that all 3 are not zombies you can tell that we've reached a turning point of the movie.
I grew up drawing, knitting & 'Cutting & Sticking'
The atheist said he was absolutely shocked and outraged to the point of where he used profanity to convey to his captor his disapproval of what he was seeing. He said his captor just laughed. He insisted that his abductor would mercilessly murder others while treating him very well. It made no sense.
“They are living organisms.”
My nightmare day jam packed with exams, waiting and stressing took place yesterday and I am now finally free to enjoy my summer and my last two weeks living abroad!
cataracts is a threat, but that’s long term.
... and james and i had visitors sunday. haha.
SAMPLE ANSWER: Some public purposes of marriage are i) to force moral constraints on sexual activity, ii) to produce the next generation of humans, iii) to provide children with a stable, loving environment in which to grow up. Three threats to marriage are i) cohabitation, ii) no-fault divorce – which leads to fatherlessness, and iii) same-sex marriage. There are others, too. For legislation, there are things like tax incentives, shared parenting laws, school choice to de-monopolize politicized public schools, etc. Pre-marriage behaviors are things like chastity, experience with children, having lots of savings, being physically fit, etc. Having a degree in experimental science, math or economics is excellent for a woman. Avoid artsy degrees, especially English.
Have a great New Year, Mark x
I don’t see a human answer to the church’s dependence on money in the developed nations. But if I understand Revelation 13 correctly, at some point God will allow our financial resources to be taken away. What will appear to be a great crisis for the church has the potential of being it’s greatest blessing if we truly embrace the truth that every member in Christ is called to minister in His name.
The film had its official world premiere on March 23, 1933 at Grauman’s Chinese Theater in Hollywood. In 1991, the film was deemed "culturally, historically and aesthetically significant" by the Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry.
I use mostly the Windsor and Newton Kolinsky Sable brushes, in various sizes...Kolinsky Sable is the best brush you can use for watercolor but costs a fortune per brush, so I buy all my brushes during the Herbert Evans Art Sales in August when they have a 40% discount :)
Anne~
Sometimes, farming is one of the most difficult things. One of our newest additions has been sick. Unfortunately, that’s one of the risks when you purchase an animal from a sale barn. You never know what kind of contaminents they will pick up. This especially holds true for calves since their immune systems are not developed.
But seriously, look out. /Asskickingfirebreathingstorytellingfreakmakinglife ON
the maximum width of the shoulders is a quarter of the height of a man
The evening the first snow falls, their mood unaccountably changes. In a moment of tenderness, the pair are surprised to find themselves building a snowman – or rather a snow girl – together. The next morning, all trace of her has disappeared, and Jack can’t quite shake the notion that he glimpsed a small figure – a child? – running through the spruce trees in the dawn light. And how to explain the little but very human tracks Mabel finds at the edge of their property?
(BD 22nd); 2000 Camelot Knight (15th); 2001 Beau (UR 20th), Spanish Main (Fell 1st); 2002 BINDAREE (WON), Frantic Tan (UR 5th), Beau (UR 14th);
Welsh Cakes are sweet little cakes that are about 2.5" across. They are cooked on top of the stove, very much like a pancake but they are sweeter and pretty much the equivalent of a scone. Even my non-raisin-lovers like these. I actually ended up hiding the last three so that I could take a picture of them. Speaking of which...I picked up this gorgeous little oblong plate on sale at Pier 1 the other day. Isn't it purdy?
"A Sand County Almanac" by Aldo Leopold*
When my job allowed me to stay in town again, I offered to take The Preacher out to dinner so she could catch me up on some of the things I missed. The Iris Cafe had a pretty good reputation, so one evening, March 29, 2001, I picked up The Preacher and took her to dinner at the Iris Cafe. The dinner was delicious, the conversation was delightful — and the Bible Study never came up.
Be clear, not clever
A simple act of kindness to a person you don't know
All About Motorola Two Way Radios
This thought has made my house cleaning and cooking and mothering seem so much more purposeful and hopeful and positive. I hope it helps anyone else out there as much as it has helped me. Anyone get thoughts to add to this?
While it may have the fantastic packaging and look as the Paradox range, I'm afraid it fails to deliver in the way I expected. It kind of reminds me of Innis & Gunn's rum cask beer, and while that's my favourite I+G beer, this has a much higher strength which doesn't really come across. An interesting beer which I'm glad I tried, but not one I'd get again.
What North Americans now call "liberal" is a long way from what was called "liberal" in the 19th century and earlier. The original liberal ideas came principally from the early economists and hark back at least as far as the writings of Adam Smith (1776). And what are called "neo-liberal" ideas today still have their main source and are most influential in economics. In their more general form, however, such ideas seek to elevate individual rights above the claims of State and community power. The writings of J.S. Mill (1859) are most quoted as a comprehensive development of such ideas. Note the following passage from his famous essay "On liberty":
Finding And Using Mold Removal Services
Oh, he’s in the church? Oh, He’s in the Church! Here’s how Joe ended his thoughts:
A Tornado Warning is issued by your local National Weather Service office (NWFO). It will include where the tornado was located and what towns will be in its path. If the tornado will affect the nearshore or coastal waters, it will be issued as the combined product–Tornado Warning and Special Marine Warning. If the thunderstorm which is causing the tornado is also producing torrential rains, this warning may also be combined with a Flash Flood Warning. If there is an ampersand (&) symbol at the bottom of the warning, it indicates that the warning was issued as a result of a severe weather report.
Life’s riddles,
Liz Wirth: You don't know what you're talking about.
The cook was neither slow nor fast
Annemarie Selinko was clearly no lightweight, but the same cannot be said of her heroine. Desiree is appealing, bright, courageous and funny, but she is poorly educated and despite the position in which she finds herself, she is uninterested in politics. She is the narrator, so everything must be filtered through her. Somehow, Selinko has to convey through her the complexities of Napoleon's career and campaigns - because the story of Napoleon is at the centre of this book: Desiree's story, beguiling as it is, is a means to an end. How does she do it?
Wao awo quang stratochemic graviton
During the three seasons Rivaldo played for the Red-Whites, they won three league titles and two Greek cups. Rivaldo scored an impressive 43 goals in 94 games, came second in the top goalscorer charts in his final year as well as winning the league’s best foreign player award twice in 2006 and 2007.
Now, everybody dance !
Are lines in a leaf like veins in a human body? I think so. HOWEVER, the lines in a leaf are LIKE the lines in a human palm. Thoreau in his book WALDEN compared a leaf to a human hand. It is a remarkable description. I don’t remember the exact quote, but I remembered the thought. Therefore, each time I see a leaf, I think of a human hand and Thoreau and that metaphorical description in WALDEN. It works for me.
Late Late Show
Second up is Anna Taborska (pictured below), who wrote our grisly Lake District parable, NIGHT OF THE CRONE, though in her case the chosen story is actually the extremely savage and gruesome LITTLE PIG, which appeared in Charles Black’s excellent BLACK BOOK OF HORROR #8 last summer.
John Mark McMillian is a perfect example, “but I want to love you when the blood in my veins don’t know how to.” Or “Son of David, don’t pass me by, because I naked, I’m poor and I’m blind.” Take your pick, he has a lot to choose from.
In the appointment we discussed the results of the previous biopsy. They were able to confirm at this time that I have stage 4 non-small cell lung cancer that had spread to my shoulder blade, and the lymph nodes surrounding the right lung. Under most circumstances the patient would be given about a 5% survival rate. I think this got out and was mis-portrayed in a public forum. We'll come back to this...
Most of the machines were beyond me but we did get to see yeast up close and personal. We also saw the “coolest” place in the brewery: the cryogenic freezer that preserves yeast samples for the next millenium. After swabbing something for analysis (I ran it across the rim of my water bottle) it was time for some more beverages.
Look for key rookies including Steve Stamkos, Luke Schenn, Blake Wheeler, Nikita Filatov, Fabian Brunnstrom, Brandon Sutter, T.J. Oshie, Drew Doughty, Mikael Boedker, Nikolai Kulemin, Colton Gillies, Steve Mason and many more!
when do you start to believe? when do we lose our faith in something?
My first husband fell for me because I told him some salacious gossip that intrigued him more than any model looks I might have had, or designer top I might have been wearing.
One is permitted to submit a project if the muslin was started before the contest begin date, but the final fabric project is to be executed within the published contest timeframe. Patterns may have been graded or altered for proper fit before the contest start date as well.
Nevertheless, žito with whipped cream was a regular item in Belgrade cake shops when I was a kid. It was a unique opportunity to have as much as you want of it without the pious atmosphere and the ceremonials. Even though I'm not religious, I like the symbolism of žito: keeping in touch with your forefathers is a good thing.
I found these fabulous shoes at Value Village for $9.99! The tie was only $3.99. And they match perfectly. Add a little spring-y green and brown and pow! Ya got an outfit.
it must have meant
In the end, there may be a universal truth, but in the mean time, we’re speaking for whatever divine power is defining those truths and writing these commandments and codes of social morality. St. Paul may tolerate the atrocities of his time or he may have excused them or even found them morally justified; the society he lived in found justification despite (or, if you take the whole book they found their morality in, because of) that code of morality. The ancient Jews found their justification in divine truth – as did the Babylonians, Sumerians, Romans, and every believer of non-secular morality. To suggest secular moralists need to find a higher source of universal truth in morality is placing a challenge that non-secularists are unwilling to, or incapable, of taking on – because, in the end, non-secular morality is secular morality with a halo slapped on it.
And as in all obituaries, there are the remaining family members:
Luke decided to continue talking on what was beginning to feel like the longest elevator ride of my life. "Sometimes I call her Gwandma."
“We used some in our icebox, but my mother, the nurse, did not want us to eat it. In the summer, we made ice cream in an old hand crank ice cream maker. We stored watermelons, to be brought up the ladder in July and August for the hot and thirsty tobacco harvesters. I honestly had to have help getting those watermelons up the ladder, but it was one of the chores that country boys had in the ‘good old days.’”
Then when you try to run after him and grab him to stop him just to try and protect him he starts a major freak out. It becomes almost nightmarish sometimes. If we had a fenced in yard it might be different. Not in this neighborhood. The HOA requires that any fence be...get this...IRON. Yeah...we weren't expecting a Special Needs child when we moved in, NATCH!
Belgium is not the only country split along linguistic lines in Europe, but there is a country that tackles it much better. Whereas the best Swiss microbreweries are looking to Belgium for inspiration, the reverse should have been true for Belgian politicians. But then again, copying the Swiss model would leave many of them without a job, so I suppose it is out of question.
Peace~
Since the launching of GRTV, we have developed an archive of videos, classified by theme and geographic region. Also of interest is our earlier archive of audio-video material,
These awards complement $2 million already granted by the city in 2008 through a Request for Proposals that was initiated by the Downtown Brooklyn Development Corporation.
My after dinner snack; Peanut Butter M&Ms…
13 Joan
of trees, biographies of brooks, poems
constants
I own the famed Jalie jeans pattern - not that I've made it up yet - but really want some narrow legged red jeans. Skinny jeans found in stores are just too tight for me. I've tried on a bunch, but never seam to like them. They make my lower torso look huge in comparison to my legs, and I can't get use to the proportions.
How can it be Wednesday already??? Time flies when you are
130/65.. 1:43
MAKE AHEAD The bitters can be stored at room temperature indefinitely. For best flavor, use within 1 year. NOTES To make simple syrup, in a small saucepan, dissolve 1 cup of granulated sugar in 1 cup of water over moderate heat; for rich syrup, use 2 cups demerara or turbinado sugar and 1 cup of water. Let cool before using, and reserve the rest for another use.
Mike: When you get up tomorrow google it. If that’s Denzel Washington, I’ll walk the dogs for two weeks by myself.
God, people love to sue landlords. For the price of fifteen scratch-off lotto tickets, your chance of getting a big win is higher than 1 in 2 if you just take the bus down to the Hall of Justice and file the papers. Trust me on this, you don’t even have to show that there was a lease agreement. The landlord may not know you from the man in the moon–that will actually strengthen your case because he or she will look like a huge liar. You don’t have to prove anything you say, you’ve already got years of judicial chaos backing up your testimony.
I think I'm going to print it onto silk fabric.
If I have one regret from the evening, it's that I didn't get to try the food. Braving the daunting crowd around the eats was like trying to swim against a current of flailing hands and chomping mouths. Maybe there's a pecking order to get to the foodbar; if the table providing the delectable treats was heaven, my place was lodged somewhere between the depths of hell, and river Styx. There was competition to put it mildly, so I stuck with Beth, Rebecca, My future wife, Kim and "Fotest" and our liquid diet.
I think the motivation to get good grades is what drives me to, you know, complete stuff. Writing on my own for fun is very different.
The advantage of this approach is that the specialist benches fall within the overall framework of regular courts, necessitating no amendments to Indian law. However, in order for this to work well, one must devise appropriate eligibility criteria for such judges. Secondly, the judges must be given intensive IP training. Lastly, it must be ensured that these judges sit on the IP bench for a significant period of time, without being made to rotate every 2-3 years.
When you see in the Word that you are in Christ Jesus, that you are in Him, then confess it with all your heart. Then you will be strong, standing in a point of authority and operating in your inheritance in Him. As you do this, the power of God will always be available to work in your behalf. Praise God!
animal fiber.
We loved him SO much. I am glad that he was mine and miss him like you can't imagine. :'(
I’m in a good mood, so here’s Passion Pit with Little Secrets. Enjoy!
- Thread
The headline of the article below is admirably exact when it says that the administration has launched a criminal probe of the oil slick. That'll show it! Obama has been compared to King Canute for his preposterous claim that his election would be the moment when we stopped the rise of the oceans. But Canute knew that he couldn't stop the tides. Obama reminds me more of Xerxes, the Persian king who ordered the sea to be flogged as punishment for the failure of his bridge across the Hellespont. Except that instead of the lash, Obama sends lawyers.
Having recently read and enjoyed the first 3 books of Gail Carringer's Parasol Protectorate Books, I decided I wanted to dress as the main character Alexia Tarabotti. These books are set in an alternate Victorian London with supernatural characters and some steampunk technology.
For the banner I cut out the largest star on the Sizzix Stars #2 die from chipboard and then cut off each of the points. I covered them with some of the paper from the collection and inked them. The scalloped and plain circles are part of a Die-namics set. They're both cut from the DP too. I stamped the KISS with some little Studio G stamps from Michaels, layered them, and added a little sparkle with some Stickles. The rest of the sentiment was printed out from my computer, cut apart, inked, matted and popped up on foam.
To him who has not given every drop of his blood for the cup of Babylon, all magic power is dangerous. There are even more debased and evil forms, things in themselves black. Such is the use of spiritual force to material ends. Christian Scientists, Mental Healers, Professional Diviners, Psychics and the like, are all ipso facto, BLACK MAGICIANS."
dreamed of working for a glossy women’s magazine. Instead, she finds herself working for Dublin’s most notorious tabloid newspaper, rewriting press releases and covering for her colleague Jodie, a well-connected neurotic who still hasn’t figured out how to use an apostrophe
In the posted job description for the "Nestlé-Newark Now Family Nutritionist" there was no mention, at all, of breastfeeding. Nestlé spokesperson has said their “nutritionists” will be promoting and supporting breastfeeding (which is cheaper and healthier), but trust me, in reality, formula feeding will be the focal point of instruction. Nestlé “nutritionists” will say they are endorsing the use of home-made, whole, fresh foods for babies which are less expensive and more nourishing but in fact, they will promote Nestlé prepackaged, processed baby foods, first and foremost.
Jack Ross / Tahiti in 1978 / 36-50
One of the first things God ‘willed’ is in the book of Genesis. God said for man and woman to be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth—and to care for the earth and His creatures.
When I am Pope I shall finally be able to make puns about rust. With great power comes great rust-pun-ability.
Everyone forgets that following License to Ill’ s popularity, the Beasties fell off the cultural map. They decamped to Los Angeles to make Paul’s Boutique (For great footage of this period in the Beasties career arc see The Skills to Pay the Bills). Very little needs to be said about Paul’s. Though it sold terribly out of the gate, since its release artists from all walks of life have cited its influence. Ironically, its impact on the rap community might have been crippled by copyright laws passed since its release, which now make the kind of sampling featured on the album prohibitively expensive. Still, Paul’s served as a template for an ironic, referential, anti-racist and oddly subversive urban identity. “Egg Man,” “High Plains Drifter,” “Hey Ladies,” “Shadrach,” “Shake Your Rump” and others were playful with an undercurrent of menace and politics.
"armed demonstrations might be the way to go."
Take your eyes off your ‘spiritual gift’
Riddle Question: Why did the woman wear a helmet at the dinner table?
During the week you sometimes thought it was Sunday. You didn't like to travel. You rarely went abroad. You would spend your time in your bedroom. It seemed useless to you to travel for miles in order to stay in a place less comfortable than your own. To think up imaginary
We have been working very hard on Mason's new bedroom. I am SO excited about the way it is coming together. Of course I have had lots of inspiration from Pinterest. Check out my Pinterest board for all the bits and pieces of inspiration that will come together to make his awesome new Big Boy room!
Yes, its a Lady's prerogative to be late and this Sketchy Lady from Clarity Stamps is no exception!(Well I have to blame someone for my constant lateness in entering LIM challenges.)
Phone: 626.824.8285
This API provides a unified way to access the system key store credentials. If your application uses client certificates (take note: enterprise email client or web browser developers) you should definitely look into the KeyChain API for your next update!
Some think it looks like broccoli
Train arrives at Patna Junction.
Margaritaville Blender Review (margaritavilleblenderreview.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Amanda J.
PJ: “Yes! It is essential. Regardless of how talented you may or may not be, without exposure you will not get anywhere in the industry. Social network is the key to that exposure these days. “
uses mulch. I don't have any (yet).
And enters some alien cage in its plight,
You may not be immortal,
Although most of the heart diseases develop as a result of age or one’s lifestyle, certain people are born with heart diseases. Such diseases are called congenital heart diseases. These can affect any part of the heart, be it the valves, heart muscles or the blood vessels. Such diseases include defect in the septum called the ventricular septal defect (VSD), and trial septal defect (ASD). Some of the other diseases included in this category are the pulmonic stenosis, coarctation of the aorta and the tricuspid atresia.
Also a little bit disappointed that abeils don't have a racial penalty to smoke-based attacks.
Uh, no!
Make for a large gathering, half for a family dinner, or make 2 and freeze one for later!
Parent's of users call often. They are embarrassed when they call and frustrated and angry. They come home from work to find that their child has broken into their house, is asleep on their couch or worse, burglarized them! They call because their kid is screaming in the backyard because they want in the house in the middle of the night and are angry and violent when the parents of the adult kid say no! They are calling because their adult kid has stolen their car for the third time and last time they had to have it fished out of the canal! They are embarrassed because their neighbors have to hear the screaming from their adult child, the name calling and blaming that they were unfit parents and if they had raised them right, they wouldn't have turned out this way.
I know that when I was at the peak of my overspending, I could have a day out shopping without giving a thought to how much it was costing, or if I really needed what I was buying. As I was a very regular Internet banker ( I had to be, to keep juggling my money!) my shocks at how much I’d spent came pretty early on! The unneeded purchases were often obvious very early on too! I might have “needed” a painting but did I need ten?
The study was funded in part by grants from the National Institutes of Health, and the UI Center for Gene Therapy.
Gregory: that’s so unfair - he’s a priest
And we hadn’t had a beer yet.
In just seven days Dr Erasmus Strangelove, senior partner of Muttley Dastardly LLP, will reveal Lawyerborg 2.0 – 20% paralegal 80% machine with no inbuilt soul issues.
Then do I think on Halcyone, whose husband fell into the deep,
"I see the bars of your prison when you cry"
The search for the missing has finally ended more than a week after the mudslides buried three villages in Bududa district, eastern Uganda. “The rescuers have only managed to retrieve only about 89 bodies and they seem to have lost strength and hope. We are thinking about officially stopping the retrieval on Tuesday and then we shall be advised on what next.” A local official said.
RED: Who do you make wine for?
2. I have no protruding ankle bone on the inside of my ankle. It's completely flat. And I cannot stand for anyone to touch it. If you try, I will kick you across the room.
First my lower eyelid was numbed with local anaesthesia. Either I failed to see the size of the needle or the doctor did his best to hide it because at no point was I afraid about an area so close to my eye being lightly perforated. By the time he'd said: "You're about to feel a little prick", he was done. Thus, a wave of optimism caught hold of me. This was going to be just fine. I would be home in time for Gillette Soccer Saturday. How wrong I was. The surgeon set to work and all throughout the process he kept talking to me, giving me encouragement and maintaining my spirits high. My upper eyelid was raised and held all the way back with a small clamp to prevent me from blinking. When it was touched lightly by one of the nurses, my whole body went floppy. I couldn't raise my arms nor move my legs. I'd passed out partially. Drifting in and out of consciousness I kept hearing the doctor and nurses calling out my name. An oxygen mask was placed on my face and a cold flannel on my forehead. My neck was lowered whilst the rest of my body remained flat on the stretcher to get the blood circulating again. My jumper was rolled up, including its sleeves, to allow cool air ventilation. At some point I mustered enough strength to signal to the surgeon and nurses to raise my legs so that the blood could circulate more easily but they couldn't understand what I was trying to communicate. As it was explained to me afterwards, my blood pressure and heart rate had plummeted to dangerous levels.
The man swallowed hard realizing that his one-eyed tormentor was probably right.
So... I got up too early and full of awakeness, and got up to start sorting through all my papers from last year for taxes. Fun, huh? (Not fun for me.)
I was more than excited to make & share this Tim Holtz inspired mirror.
At this point, any of those would likely produce better results than using Asterisk’s Google Voice support. Maybe, some day, the Asterisk folks will wake up and try to figure out what all those other folks are doing that they aren’t, but for now, fixing Google Voice support seems to be a rather low priority for the folks at Digium. Which means they probably never should have rolled it out in the first place, because once you add a feature people sort of expect you to keep it up to date, and not let it languish into a state of “barely working, if it works at all”.
In order to keep up the public persona of someone looking to advance in the local political scene while attempting to meet the mounting personal financial obligations being faced, I made a desperate choice which will haunt me for the rest of my life. I not only lost the trust of my family, friends and community; I lost the trust I had in myself.
Who is Heavenly Father?
Mays Winner Will Receive The 'Happier' 6 x 6 Paper Pad Collection by Minds Eye
C Clannad
Getting ready: Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9- to 10- inch (12 cup) Bundt pan. If your pan is not nonstick, dust the interior of the pan with flour, then tap out the excess. (If yo’ve got a silicone Bundt pan, there’s no need to butter or flour it.) Don’t place the pan on a baking sheet – you want the oven’s heat to circulate through the Bundt’s inner tube.
While that isn’t exactly cute, it does make it fairly obvious that the only chance you’ll ethically be able to see a tarsier is in the wild.
I talked to some EOC contacts about this commentary, and from what I can tell, Theophylact does not act as an ambassador for the Church on this interpretation. Again, I wouldn’t mind so much if one were to preach an exegetically honest message about a High Christology, then perhaps to analogize the lesson with John’s statement. However, this feels like a commentary which claims with some authority to advocate these as meaningful statements out of this chapter of the Gospel, which is an incredulous claim.
The Titanic had a passenger certificate to carry 3,547 passengers and crew. She carried 16 lifeboats and four Engelhart collapsible boats, all of which had a total carrying capacity of 1,167 persons, or approximately 60 to 65 in each boat. She carried 3,560 life belts or their equivalent.
AND what wonderful yarns they were!!
I wish I had something more exciting to show but I'm still suffering with 'artist's block'. After I finished the postcard I decided the best thing to do was to just give the watercolours a complete break. I've been putting together some unfinished quilt tops and was surprised to find I have 4 nearly completed single quilts! I do love the piecing but I lose interest once I've put the tops together and it takes years before I quilt and bind them! Next winter... they will definitely be finished and on the beds by next winter!
i know that kind of sounds impossible, but it's been that kind of busy. so hopefully i'll actually post more than an 'ahhhh we're so busy' kind of a post.
Happy Saturday, everyone. It is another gray day here. Seems we've had a lot of those lately. Very humid. I had to turn on the AC yesterday. And it's working good now. This is the first day we've needed it since it was fixed.
Thyroid hormones are also necessary to maintain a normal metabolism. Fucus vesiculosus helps boost metabolism, which helps to sustain normal weight (especially in people who are overweight because of a thyroid condition).
This picture was taken last year...she is even more beautiful now at the age of five. So when I saw this paper line from My Mind's Eye, I knew I would use it on a layout about our Izzy.
Can’t seem to go to sleep so I decided to read some blogs and figure out what all these things on my dashboard and everything under it mean. I just got to ratings and I added it to my posts and now you can even like or dislike comments! Who knew? (I know, probably everyone but me) :p As my daughters would say, “What a Newbie!” (to my defense, I’ve only been blogging about 3 months)
Oh, and there's a low-simmer burner, and a high BTU one for setting bacon on fire. Choices! And there's, uh, wait. Count the knobs.
My workplace does not have this common disease, or at least not very much or very badly.
Our friends at Soft Power have this kick ass cassette slated for release very shortly, and I would highly recommend picking this up. Dublin’s own September Girls is the label’s first all-girl group and they are a force to be reckoned with.
Revlon Beauty Tool $1/1
Headley was the “Black Bradman” and Zaheer Abbas was the Asian Bradman; Hobbs was the greatest before Bradman and Tendulkar is the best since. But there is only one true Bradman- the Don himself. Statistically, technically and by the virtue of sheer aura, nobody comes anywhere close to the great Donald Bradman. He is a benchmark in the game- the basis on which each and every great batsman is measured, regardless of the nationality or playing style. They argue that he never played one-dayers but conveniently forget that he played his Tests like one-dayers as well (his strike rate is only inferior to Gilchrist, Sehwag and Richards). Bradman was a one-man army, an unstoppable run machine that was world class even on a bad day. He announced his arrival in the 1930 Ashes, obliterating his rival Wally Hammond’s record of most runs in a series by scoring 974 runs in 5 Tests at 139. The English were so petrified that their captain Douglas Jardine devised the leg theory (popularly known as Bodyline) to counter the Don’s scoring.
Me and Jennifer I suppose are getting more battle hardened. This has not been as despairing as our last trip to the hospital. Certainly also because it is not as serious as an infected shunt. It's funny how quickly you go back into crazy hospital life mode, I guess it's like riding a bike. It sure is different now when they work on Sara and she just looks up at you with those bright blue eyes and long eyelashes wet with tears seemingly saying - Who are these people and what are they doing to me?
Reliving those details makes me tired. You too? Wow.
- Most babies prefer water warmer than what the "temperature warning" gauges say.*
But it gets worse.
fast summer downpour
So, make some popcorn and watch the video. I hope you find it worthwhile!
The Soul frowned. “Oh, God,” it said. “This time wasn’t any fun either. I was born a farmer’s wife with three children to take care of. I had so much to do that I barely had any time to even sit down!” God sent it back.
Thanks again Super Mom and Colonel Dad... my life is now mobile, thanks to ya'll!
Amongst what is there it does not like there is any bones of the largest species, but what is there seems to range from young to mature birds.
Two weeks ago I taught my first class on Living off Food Storage. I thought it went pretty well and hopefully I left the impression of being a relatively sane person despite some of the crazy things I do. Some of my blog followers were there which actually made the whole thing SO much more fun! I have 2 more classes scheduled so far so hopefully there will be a lot of people inspired to do something with their food storage. :)
A slogan many will be chanting in the coming days when Project Strawman becomes apparent and when Operation 711 is launched in July…but, Sean, what does it mean when a clone says that? Clone self-hatred?
--Yvette Clark (AY supporter)
1. Nobody likes to waste beer.
At the moment it is a space for doing whatever you want (within the realms of what is acceptable to do in any public space).
Perhaps it is best not to open up about your
During the Campaign, I'll be running Campaigner Challenges and the Campaigner Notice-Board. Other than that, go for your life! I've set up a Campaigner Yahoo Group here, for you to chat among yourselves, and there'll be lots of Twitter-talk at #writecampaign.
He protected us in the forest when we were in very deep trouble,
"Oh, you turned. That's good. You heard me. At least I know you're alive."
I’ve never been a big fan of writing on the computer and having to hit save every time a thought crosses your mind. I’ve always been a fan of conventional writing habits. You know, with a pen and paper. That way if you’re writing is a bit bland you can always draw doodles to lighten it up. In fact, I remember having trouble blogging during the early days as I would never be able to come up with anything decent while at the keyboard. So I’d have to write it down on a piece of paper and then type the whole thing all over on the computer. A bit time consuming, but I liked it.
These were fluffy cake-like cookies that I could not stop "testing". The pudding made them super moist and almost fudgy...I say everyone who reads this should go through their pantry and try to find these things and mix and match with different flavors...
Hoping that he’ll get out of it soon,
Lashes: Redgrave – Elemental, Cake – Pillow Lashes
I am still running and will be updating you on my progress. I am trying to get it all together for the end of year activities in school.
IRIS, WHITE: Purity.
Five Things that I’d like to try.
Mouthfeel: 4.5
All of these missions will be very dark inside and they will have bright light streaming in through high windows. After being outside, it will take a few minutes for your eyes to adjust. Use this time to spot interesting details inside that you will want to isolate. The interior shot can be a tough lighting situation. You have four options – three good and one bad: use a long exposure with a tripod, make a high dynamic range composite, jack up the ISO and open up the aperture to get more light and a faster shutter speed, or lastly, use flash. Flash is the worst option as most of the missions ask you not to use flash photography. It is disruptive to the other visitors, disrespectful, and, I think the photos just look bad. As I say this, you will see MANY people use flash on their point and shoots, even though they are not suppose to.
Recently we attended our son’s kindergarten parent/teacher conference. His talented, dynamic teacher shared that kindergarten is full of he said/she said tattling. Funny, so is our house! With a sassy 3 year old and know-it-all older brother, we live it every day. The teacher is modeling with the students “a bug and a wish”. AKA – “It bugs me when _____________. I wish ___________.” Being 3 and just learning to communicate her feelings, our middle one often responds, “it bugs me when you bug me. I wish you would stop bugging me!” Hey, it’s a start! In response to tattling, all I need to ask is, “did you say your bug and a wish?” Today, the often in your face 5 year old, went up to his sister and said, “It bugs me when you tell mom. I wish you would stop tattling on me.” It will go down as progress as my intervention was nothing more than, “a bug and a wish?”
Cut bacon into small pieces then brown chopped bacon slowly in frying pan.
I struggle with doubt. I have struggled for many years, and for years I’ve asked God to take it away from me. I guess you could say it is my thorn in the flesh. But why is it so hard for me to talk about? I know that I’m not alone in these struggles—many pastors and Christian people struggle with doubt—but why do I hear so few talking openly about it, especially those in leadership?
Or your miserable performance at Clue.
MINUSES - The yellow/orange on the back does not work though. White would have been better. This set has another of my big pet peeves, a vertical back. It displaces the card number to a large degree.
And suddenly, my little world was left in your wake.
PT:
you will also need:
Okay, here I'm going to stop. I use a laser printer so I print and go. I don't have any experience with ink jet printers. Some inks may need to dry over night and be heat set before blending. If heat setting doesn't work for you, take your sheet of printed images to a copy shop and make a copy. Copy machines, like laser printers fuse toner to paper at around 600 degrees as part of the printing process. This pretty much takes care of your heat setting. Even with my laser printer, I occasionally run into problems if there are lots of lines in an area I'm trying to blend. You're blending with a solvent. If you have problems, try staying away from the lines as best you can and if the image still gives you fits, try a spray fixative over the image or a quick burst of hair spray to seal it off.
Five months ago, I re-posted one of my most frequently-read pieces, “The Second Bill of Rights and the Progressive Mission,” both to celebrate the 66th anniversary of the Second Bill of Rights and also to announce the publication of my first policy paper with the New America Foundation, “Freedom From Fear: Using the Social Security Act to Rebuild America’s Social Safety Net.”
Wow - what terrifically busy days I have had at work this week - I've been so exhausted when I got home each night that I haven't stamped much of anything - and I should be working on some DT assignments! My poor blog has been terribly neglected.
Luciani is an NPA and won’t be allowed at Democratic clubs to speak (a must to win) and neither will Donna Korn.
* Using other people without considering the cost of doing so
Please, please, please, if you have a communicable illness, try to remember that while you might think you’re just nipping out to pick up a few things you’re running low on, you could be contributing to grinding someone else’s life to an excruciating halt. Or worse, endangering lives. Wear a mask, wash your hands, use sanitizer, cough into your elbow, or stay home.
I also sent Sally Evans a wee bit of video on her bee talk at the Callander Poetry Festival back in the autumn. I really enjoyed hearing her speak so knowledgably on the subject, and it has only increased my yen to have a hive, as well as some bantam hens. Sally has added it to an fantastic new section she has on her website, which is all about bees, click here
bake cinnamon buns,
I’ve been running pretty hard lately, and my last post was a long and complex one, so for today, I’m just rambling about dogs.
You must post about our challenge on your own blog each week, leaving links to SS and to our sponsors on all posts.
So, it is Feb 9th and Johnny Damon still doesn’t have a home. Way to go Boras. Turning down the 2/$14 deal from the Yanks was really stupid in hind-sight. I think a lot of people thought it was a bad idea then though. That is Damon’s problem though. Whatever. I am not a fan of him (and no it isn’t because he spurned the Sox for the Yanks offer…. I just don’t care for the guy or his defense). But, he will get some team a great deal for a relatively cheap amount as long as that team’s owner doesn’t go all Minaya on him or something.
Welcome to Ambiance Congo!
Bartleby would not have hesitated. Gavroche was a complication and Bartleby liked simplicity. Mackinson, however, liked elegance. Bartleby’s simplistic mentality of ‘kill until there are no remaining witnesses’ offended his sensibilities.
But I still fail to see the reasoning for the display. Long vehicles signs show us that the vehicle in front is probably longer than normal so we should take extra care when we attempt to pass it. Hazardous waste signs show us that potentially dangerous cargo is close to us and we are warned of that. A school bus we naturally treat with courtesy, as small children are unpredictable in their thoughts and movements. But babies are not renowned for their running into the road antics; more for their laying down, eating, sleeping and other things I won’t go into here (but which they seem to do in equal shares).
I also cut a larger circle out of heavyweight cardboard. It was about 8 inches in diameter so that it would support the cones well. I covered it with two pages from the book for a finished backside. I also glued ribbon onto the large round BEFORE I started gluing cones.... I almost forgot this step which would have made it rather difficult to hang when finished!
9. The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
Tuesday: shredded chicken tacos and pinto beans
I'm sorry that I drank half the Atlantic Ocean. I'm sorry that there is now 50 fewer pounds of sand on the shore. You drove two hours just to go to a dog beach so that I could come! And that was how I thanked you?
Cardio: 20 minutes of erging
1) I want to have a mini survivor pack for the ceremony
That I am to live and not to dye
Wash the rice a few times with a little bit of water with a gentle rubbing motion until the water isn’t white any more. Let it dry in the chinois for 25 minutes. Put the rice in a towel and cook it in a pan with water during 20 minutes. Then turn off the heat and let it rest in the towel for 20 minutes adding sushi vinegar. While it is draped in the towel, the rice will continue to steam. Let the rice and cool for 15 minutes.
I have entered this card in the following challenges:
The Italians will have put all their differences aside to fight alongside the British against the common enemy…but can they?
Is it worth trying to reach them adding one or more languages to your blog? It depends. But, generally speaking, the answer is yes. Let's see when it's worth it and, how to tackle the language barrier, if so.
Where – The Tate Modern, SE1 9TG
Mankind will look back on plutocrats and nepotistic oligarchs and political careerists with disdain as ethics and common sense grows. Equality in law and constitution and wealth distribution (this precludes limits on maximum assets ‘sequesterable’) are the only way to harmony.
LOL!!!
We checked into our hotel, the Best Western Eviston House and made our way out into the town for dinner. We ate a restaurant called Macs of Mainstreet in Killarney. Again as has become my mantra about this trip, it was so nice to be able to look at a menu and have everything clearly marked with GF for Gluten Free or C for acceptable for Celiacs and not have to ask for special treatment when ordering our food.
"Civil rights laws were not passed to protect the rights of white men and do not apply to them."
Full impressions below the jump…
For a few months I have been thinking about ending this blog.
We returned to Newcastle quite soon, for I was then retired.
-serious research
The U.K. brought a solid boy band. I don't like boy bands, but this band was all man.
Then White Guard will still come into it's own but it will be and is being incorporated into the present government power structure that has heard it's roar and not missed the implications.
Mohandas
Stephen Levy, director of the Center for Continuing Study of the California Economy, said the study also reflected how skyrocketing real estate prices pushed workers from California during the housing bubble from 2005 through 2007.
And to for those who stuck through the exercise, here’s the decoding on what players we were looking at:
It cleans, it smoothes, it melts away makeup. A 3-in-1 concentrated deep purifying formula with a natural blend of revitalising aromatic essential oils for an all round Fab Pore™ complexion.
“Beware of imagining that intercession means bringing our personal sympathies into the presence of God and demanding that He does what we ask.” Is that what I have just done?? I’ll work that out later. We are to approach God based on our “vicarious identification” with Christ with sin. We have “confidence to enter the holy places by the blood of Jesus!”
If it’s well edited, you’ll become well respected in your field. It’s incredibly powerful to have good writing. If Babycenter.com is going to link to someone, they want to make it something that’s a worthwhile destination. When you link out to someone, it’s extending your relationship with others. You want to be sure to offer them something they can give to others.
Last year we started a new Thanksgiving tradition. Inspired by the many variations of this project I've seen around the web, we made a Thankfulness Tree. Instead of just going around the table at Thanksgiving dinner and answering the proverbial "what are you thankful for?" question, we spend the weeks leading up to the holiday itself writing down our gratitudes. Last year I made a huge paper tree that I taped in the front window, and we all wrote down what we're thankful for on paper leaves and taped them up too. Simple, and the end result was quite lovely.
Where Autistics Excel: Compiling An Inventory of Autistic Cognitive Strengths
Have you noticed that the media is trying to get a race war going by publishing pictures of a 13 year-old Trayvon Martin?
The real strength of the book is its visual impact. It is heavily illustrated with striking photos, some of them being published here for the first time. “The point was to take people on a journey and to be historically correct and to give something beautiful to look at, despite this place being thought of as disgusting and scary,” says Boyce of the book.
One more thing is not many restaurant/hawker open for morning and lunch. Most of it open for dinner. So not many choices during that time and the menu similar at all places. Fried and tom yum menu.
home after curfews.
Good new is that there were no crispy critters and that was the only building destroyed. Bad news is that I never got to see how cool that hidden room was actually constructed or busted anyone. Better luck next time.
Are you my English teacher from TIGS? If so, I just thought I’d let you know that the doors you helped open for me helped make me what I am today — a reasonably successful author.
Keystone Human Services Moldova Association is licensed non governmental organization and part of Keystone Human Services, based in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Keystone is celebrating 40 years of providing services and advocacy for children and adults with autism, intellectual disabilities, those experiencing mental illness and Susquehanna Service Dogs.
Transfer the warm egg-white mixture to the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with the whisk. Add the vanilla and beat at medium-high speed until stiff and glossy, and completely cooled, about 8 minutes. Beat in the butter a few pieces at a time, making sure it is fully incorporated before adding more. The buttercream should be light and fluffy; if it appears runny at any time, transfer the bowl to the freezer for 5 to 10 minutes, then return it to the mixer and continue.
The first teaching blog that I ever visited was One Extra Degree and I still stalk it today!
He releases her and draws the curtains obliterating the last shards of fading sunlight. She stands limp in the centre of the lounge room and he pulls her close and the infection of love or lust takes over. She needs the release. It's like a bullet from a Glock; quick, sharp, short but her orgasm has the desired effect and calms her a little .
I actually wrote this and sent this to Joseph Prince’s ministry and of course he probably won’t get it but I wanted to share it with you. I know not everyone will be happy with what I wrote, the situations in here are much more complicated but you have to start someplace right? And I obviously don’t write to please anyways…
Now. Let's backtrack a little bit, so that you can get the whole picture.
Copics: YG 23,17
When it looks like you've lost it all
It was hard to not make this layout look too busy, what with all the photos and the small scale collage details already on the background paper, however, by keeping the color scheme soft, I think I managed to pull off a good balance.
So now, instead of paying for the initial completion of the trail offers, someone else will pay you to do it for them and you are still able to refer others to the site using your referral link after you have completed the Green.
We don’t always use these, but it’s important that we have them and like in golf, you’ve got to have those clubs in your bag to be a complete player and at Sperry Van Ness we have all the clubs to help our owners, landlords, tenants and investors to make the right decisions regarding their commercial real estate.
Absolutely no Excuses
I just wanted to let you know that I probably won't be posting for a few days or so
In the 1950s, my dad was one of the first blacks to break the racist color barrier into the Baltimore Fire Department. The white firefighters rejected my dad and made conditions horrific for him. Still, dad won "Firefighter of the Year" two times. That's what I am talking about!
We are asking you to help us reach a view status of over 10,000 views on our site. This seems like a number that is so high, and a number that can’t ever be reached, but we know we can do it. Other partners of ours have done it with a status just like ours, noobs, just heading out of the gates. We have gotten together with them to find out how they did it and have plugged in our own personal attention in regards to their feedback, but we still need you. To hit a status of 10,000 views on our site would be a mile stone and just the beginning. Help us help you and join us, spread the word about Clockworx Gaming and get plugged in.. You wont be disappointed.
The banana loaf recipe started off wanting to be the one from the Hummingbird Bakery book but I edited it so much it pretty much is a different recipe now. I subbed out a lot of the sugar, used less flour and added oats.
So, when I tried to eat healthily, my protein consumption from animals was pretty poor at around 40g per day and I was eating dairy and a few nuts to try and compensate. When I upped my protein intake to around 80-100g per day and started HAVING to eat protein at every meal I rediscovered my passion for meat and now I am a complete convert – given a choice I would rather have a nice hunk of beef than almost anything else.
Now the Arcola are in Dalston and bend over backwards to try & make theatre accessible to people - pay what you can Tuesdays, concessions for the unemployed - the trouble is I'm not signing on though I don't have a job, so I'm poor but don't have the ID you need for concessions. Bah. It was turning the knife to sit there and watch a play about how shit it is being unemployed and humiliated when I couldn't really afford the ticket price.
I have been praying that God would bless this journey for my family and that I could be a blessing to others through this. Last Friday I was able to chat with a lovely lady who lives in Chicago that contacted my because of my blog post on the wrap. How random, but how neat!
Beer Log: Sept 27, 2009
grasp:a knowledge
Row 1- ch4, sc in 2nd ch from hook and each across (3)
Maybe his was the first one with a claim to fame
How can she function on a day to day basis not knowing where her girl is? She must just be on auto pilot. The agony must be unbearable. Every waking minute, second,is taken up with looking for Amy.
hurting you is why,
simply life is something in which everything is pre-written by GoD and nothing can be edited in it..!!
(Wayne's World for the doggy world!
This is the first of a three-part series designed to clarify the mandatory condom regulation activity in the City of Los Angeles, Los Angeles County and the state of California. The purpose of this series is to provide up-to-date information to FSC Members and the industry at large: information on the status of current regulations, anticipated regulatory activity, and FSC plans for opposition.
Joe Elliot, Steve Stevens, Gilby Clarke, Duff McKeagan + Glenn Hughes (chorus)
So, yes, you can be friends with strangers. It isn't odd at all.
I don't think I'm Laman or Lemuel by any means. I feel like a Zoram. Or a Sariah sans murmuring. Actually, no. I am Samuel The Lamanite.
Now days, Reign In Blood is considered an extreme classic and many go so far as to say it is the pinnacle of what a true ThrashMetal album should be. It is timeless. Listening to it today, it is still as heavy, if not heavier, than anything out there.
"Will we do this again sometime?" she asked.
Red rovers
And I used to take proud in being so, I was daddy’s girl, spoilt and happy !!
Remove the saucepan from the heat. Add the eggplant and cover the top of the pan with a kitchen towel or paper towels and replace the lid. The rice will continue cooking in the steam and the towels will help absorb any extra moisture.
What a sad tale of failed expectation. What a reflection on those who appoint ANC candidates for parliament.
These are my sweet peas. Admittedly these weren’t grown from seed, but that’s only because the seeds I had did not germinate and I saw these in my favourite garden centre. Today I have re-potted them, and made little wigwams from bits of the apple tree that were trimmed last week. I am eager to get these outside (onto my deck), but am very aware they might get damaged by the frost at the moment.
Fast forward through an uneventful night, where contractions didn't begin until the early morning giving my mother time to make the 3 hour trek to my house and allowing me to make arrangements for my son's care.
No.10/02/2011-E.III/A
Mr. HERBERT SAMUEL The facts are as stated. The erection of the box was suspended because of local opposition to its substitution for an existing box near its site. The matter was fully explained to the rector by letter on the 16th August.
Maybe if it was just one girl, one time, we could be more forgiving.
–THAYER’S GULL, Inglewood Bird Sanctuary, Ilya Povalyaev
I’ll start with a castle I visited a few weeks ago, “Nijo-jo”. The “jo” at the end means castle.
Sunshine makes me happy. Waking up to it instantly promises something of a better day than might be delivered in cloud or rain. I feel that instant familiar urgency of the eternal child that makes you want to pull your clothes on and race out into anywhere that is outside, terrified you will miss one minute of it.
Last October...one night after Wednesday night church, Jake pulls up to the house and just sits in the driveway...i could tell he was on the phone and was so anxious to hear what was going on... when he came inside he told me that this Pastor named Jared from a church in Arizona, whom Jake had met about a year earlier, was moving his family to Frisco,TX to plant a new church and Jared wanted Jake to consider joining his team and be the worship/arts Pastor!! We were excited about the idea yet pretty unsure...we knew nothing about planting a church and Jake NEVER even thought about the idea! (God has a pretty funny since of humor!)...over the next month we prayed a lot...asked a lot of questions...and seeked guidance from Jake's dad in the matter. By thanksgiving...we just didn't feel "quite on board"...we know now that it was just code for "we are really comfortable here...and moving somewhere with a new baby and a toddler, where we don't know anyone, to start a church plant is just too scary, so we should probably just stay put". After we told Jared that we were not quite sure about joining his team...we moved on with our lives....Jake got busy at church and me keeping up with a toddler and growing another person...Then January comes and Jake gets another call from Jared!! Jared basically just wanted Jake to know that he was still interested in him and wanted us to continue thinking about it. WHAT?!? seriously God...we thought we put this to rest?! We felt as though there had to be some reason God was "pushing" us on this church planting idea...So Jake and I dove into some deep prayer again and we both felt completely different this time around...this time for some reason we were starting to feel called! So as soon as Jared's family finally made it to Texas, we planned a weekend in early March to go check out the area and meet with Jared and his family. WOW what an amazing weekend! We LOVED the area and most of all we fell in love with the Doe family!! We really felt a connection and all of our questions were getting answered and our doubts were fading! When we got back to OKC Jake took a day to fast and pray over this new ministry opportunity...and God made it pretty clear (to both of us) that he was calling us to start this church!
Finally, Android Market has installed to my mobile phone somehow and I've started to use it. You are able to see and install free apps in Turkey. You don't see apps for sale, you have to steal if you need. You should learn what's going on in your country market. They really need to solve this market stupidness. One Android Market for all, this is what we need.
Why YA writers you ask? Well, first of all, we like pain. Second of all, shut the Hell up.
02/24/2012 SELL 0.01 eurtry 2.31720 02/27/2012 2.36833 +5.09
Licenses are traditionally done on an advance-and-royalty basis. In this way, the interests of the author and the publisher are aligned: if the license pays off, both benefit. When a list of titles is licensed for a flat fee, however, interests can easily become misaligned, and opportunities for mischief abound.
The head: Big, creamy, amber-white in color.
1. This year’s event requires a ticket for entry. There will be no admittance for non ticket holders. The Munster Police Dept. will be out to enforce traffic flow and loitering. If you do not have a ticket, hopefully you can make it next year instead.
FB can be a political and cultural lever. I have posted a great many links to news from Hungary on FB and have got into conversation with people about it. I have started clerihew- and limerick-chases. I have experimented with poems that are built on the use of square brackets. More recently I have twinned FB with Twitter and cross posted.
Hmm. Yeah. That sounds about right. I can immediately think of two friends that I've lost. One I'm mostly okay with having lost, but the other friend - well it makes shudder to think of how close we were, and how poorly I treated her in the end. The way our friendship sputtered out, and how we half-heartedly tried to reconnect every now and again, but never could even get on the same page, and were always somehow offending each other, sometimes accidentally but sometimes on purpose, that is one of my shameful secrets. I never talk about it, (at least not without tearing up), and try not to even think about it, because it makes me feel like a bad friend, and even worse, a bad person. Friendship has the potential to last forever, and when it doesn't, it can really make us feel horrible.
Christmas is only a couple of weeks away and I have done absolutely NOTHING to get ready for it. There are no decorations in my yard, no tree in my living room, and no wreath on my door. And as for presents, well...I haven't started shopping for those either. Needless to say I am feeling more than a little bit overwhelmed. Feeling overwhelmed is not the way I want to be feeling. I want to be feeling MERRY!
NSA has audio files of satellite phone calls originating in Iraq during this time period and is in a position to facilitate an analysis to see if in fact the male who placed the call to the Iraqi employee was Kirk von Ackermann. It defies any and all logic that Kirk von Ackermann deliberately drove alone with a bad tire - and without a translator - on a journey of over 165 miles through Iraq, with 7 of those miles on an isolated ridge he had previously identified as the most dangerous part of the journey between Tikrit and Kirkuk.
i love spending it with them.
When they get to be bigger larva, they're kinda ugly/scary looking. They're brownish gray in color, have these long, skinny arms, big googly eyes and what looks like a pincher on their tail. They're certainly not anything with which I'd like to do battle.
One blood-soaked hand emerged from the holocaust cloak and pulled back the hood. Stolik found himself, eye-to-eye, with the smiling face of Marcus Dantrich. Stolik tried to scream, but something was choking off his speech. He clawed his throat, but there was nothing there. He was suffocating, but his body refused to breathe. The world began to dim.
She did all the research and planning and found this charming and lovely art studio right in the neighborhood (their's, not mine), Simply Jane Studio.
I don’t usually post on economic issues, but I wanted to say a few things regarding the recent brouhaha regarding higher-than-usual gasoline prices in the United States. The issue has become heavy political fodder due to this being a presidential election year, and there have been a number of dubious claims made on the matter. So, to help sort fact from fiction on this issue, I would like to reference the following well-written article from Paul Brandus at The Week.
From Smelvis:
Although a lot of these companies have become more professional and adept at delivering products in large volumes, their ability to scale up an organization that can work collaboratively has not kept pace. Their rigorous, linear processes for bringing new products to market ensure rapid commercialization but create too many hand-offs where insights are lost and trade-offs for efficiency are promoted.
So the Father is God, the Son is God: and the Holy Spirit is God.
Level 3: MP Cost: 20, Duration: 78 seconds, Defense: +15%, Abnormal Status Resistance: +9%, Elemental Resistance: +9%.
God will share His glory with no man. If you are not passionately pursuing the glory of God, He is not hanging out with you because He won’t share His glory. The reason He has saved you, the reason He elected you, the reason you are a child of God is to make you part of the community of people called the church, which exists for His glory alone.
My friend Andi from Jane of All Crafts took me thrifting a while back. She introduced me to the most awesomely awesome store for furniture finds! My first time there, we found this
I decided that Lotus Blossom needed a Red, Black and White color scheme. I found this purse at my local craft store which is black and white, so I altered it to fit this gorgeous image!
1/2 medium onion, diced
Mother's Day was bomb, and ahem...it's a good thing the girls are holding up my bootay! Because ya know, this could have been pretty much awkward. Srsly.
3/6 offspring with neurological disabilities and then risking even one more pregnancy let alone implanting 6 more embryos? What more evidence is needed?
*Brewshed, Bury St Edmunds (2011)
Dorie calls this a "family cake" which sounds cozy and comforting, and just a bit rustic. And that's a perfect description for the cake, which I served to friends as well as family. I kept asking my tasters, "this isn't as good as some of the other apple cakes, right?" and the response kept being "maybe not, but this is really good" and then they cut another piece. I had to hide a piece to photograph the next morning, and even then, I was only able to get a quick snap before the cake became breakfast.
Thank you for visiting my garden today and I wish you happy end-of-the-year holidays and a healthy and happy New Year. May your garden prosper in 2012.
Aside from gaining massive amounts of storage and organization, this really quick project also forced me to toss out items that were no longer good and condense some other items, which also really helped create space and order. Gotta heart it!
Grandson, giving in, while crossing his eyes in disgust: "I had a boring sandwich!''
I used a technique that Tim Holtz showed on his 12 Tags of Christmas this year, crumpled up kraft glassine, glued it to Ranger manilla CS, cut it with the Tag and Bookplates die and then went over it with alcohol ink and gold mixitive. It looks really shinny under the light here but really is darker and more subdued IRL. I stamped it with Ranger Archival Jet Black in using a sentiment from TH's Stuff to Say set and the golf ball and tee from the old old SU set On the Green. The old time golfer is from the same set.
Pete moved as quickly and quietly as he could while keeping an eye on the group of strangers. By the time he had reached the back door of his house, the intruders were only a few dozen yards away. They had stopped at the edge of the trees before an open stretch of ground that provided no cover or concealment.
And the pressure diminishes
My heart is torn at the moment between whether today was a blessing or not. Sometimes ignorance is bliss yet knowledge is power. I sound like a commercial or something weird, don't I?
I think Theresa asked about the new lifestyle Furry Husband and I are working on...
we…at fabulous finds consignment boutique…decided to have a “pick your item” sale…at least that is one of the names that we are calling it…
Ohhhhh no. It has been so long since I posted. Radiation has kept me very busy. Going 5 days a week, Monday-Friday, leaves little time for fun hobbies (i.e blogging). It all ends Thursday May 3rd. Once my body recovers from the radiation burns my life should get back to normal.
There are three little leafy pale green shoots poking up from a cup of dirt on my desk. They are sunflowers and they’re reaching toward the ceiling, where the fluorescent lighting in my office has been tricking them into believing it is sunlight. They stretch and grow a little more every day and I can’t describe the joy I feel every morning when I come into work and see their tender little heads are taller than the evening before. Man, if this is how I feel about plants, I’m going to end up being one crazy mother.
Marche clumsily interprets this,
Serve with salsa, sour cream or guacamole.
Doing some work on optimising the site tonight, in particular looking how to best set it up for that great term SEO (Search Engine Optimization for the un-initiated!). It seems to be a bit of a black art, although I’ve picked up a couple of kindle books that look interesting. The two I’ve gone for are ‘Pimp up my web site’ and ‘WordPress SEO’ – have skim-read a few chapters so far, but looks like a lot to take in!
Not much happening on this rainy Tuesday morning. That land on Meadowcroft, asking $5 million and reported under contract a few weeks ago, was reported sold today for $5.1 million, showing that there is still a market for exceptional land in great locations.
Or finding better words
On my third cup of coffee I let the dogs in to avoid the smell of wet dog too early in the morning. LDS conference weekend means rain in Utah. My dog came in looking guilty, carrying something in her mouth heading for her beloved kennel to hide. Twenty minutes later she joins me upstairs and drops an egg in my hand. WTH? How did she not break it?!?!
I’ve heard it said a lot that the only way to transmute bad feelings is to feel them. I don’t think I’ve ever fully grasped that. But I think it’s about working with what SARK’s talking about: That middle point where life is what it is.
Interns will not be used for personal errands; political fundraising calls; passing out flyers, coupons, or movie passes; retail sales; or tasks that require little skill or have no relation to communication industry practices.
I Love You So – Bo Diddley
Now – The delay of Isaac’s birth was intended both to necessitate and to nurture the faith of Abraham and Sarah. God was not trying to torture and frustrate Abraham and Sarah. If God delays a miracle in any way, it only means He wants to develop our spiritual walk. God was not only providing a son, he was creating a “Father of many nations.” Creating a son was easy. Developing a Father of Nations was the difficult part.
In our world, the interests of audiences come first and those of performers second, followed by the legitimate need of our venues to profit from having our shows.
We seem to find lots of old Golden Books, Dr,Suess and Scholastic ones.
JEEP - Just Enough Engine Power
Period 1: For Friday’s class, read through chapter 38 of Huck Finn. Identify key elements with sticky notes.
...but, who knows, maybe they do have a back room full of 20 interpreters just waiting to speak to someone. After all, it is America, and America is awesome like that! :)
It's bolstering your heart, preparing for the worst, and hoping, in the tiniest place in your heart, for the best. Because if you don't, and a babe in arms isn't waiting, you know you could lose yourself.
I just happen to have a new, awesome, guitar. A completely unexpected gift from one of the Kairos musicians.
Ric Crouch
Petro put on an embarrassed look as he said, ‘There’s not much more than playful stuff.’
It didn’t take long before they reached the bristling mass of leaves. Kriffle hurriedly reached out, grabbing the first one he could find.
One reason that Christians tend to move toward those on the boundaries, tend to feel responsibility for the hungry and the dispossessed is because we worship the sort of God who has moved toward us while we were famished and out on the boundaries. God looks upon us all, even us fortunate ones, as the hungry and dispossessed who need saving. This is just the sort of God who commands, “when you give a banquet, invite the poor, the crippled, the lame, and the blind. And you will be blessed” (Luke 14:13-14). Here is a God who, for some reason known only to the Trinity, loves to work the margins inhabited by the poor, the orphaned, and the widowed; the alien and sojourner; the dead and the good as dead in the ditch. It is of the nature of this God not only to invite the poor and dispossessed but also to be poor and dispossessed, to come to the margins, thus making the marginalized the center of his realm. “Truly I tell you, just as you did it unto the least of these . . . you did it unto me” (Matt 25:40).
2 cups sour cream (trust me)
1 medium onion, quartered
Pattern Paper is from WeRMemoryKeepers "Tiffany" stack
It can be for any occasion that is NEW - new baby, new house, new car, new year, USE something NEW.....the options are endless!!! SO, lets see what you come up with this week!
What does this mean, that the sun does not shine on New Year and there is no hay, except that already stacked? It means that we best reckon with our follies and our sins, however many the number. Unlike our resolutions, they are real and impinge on our souls. If we do not deal with them, our good resolutions will make little difference and will only translate into further follies and sins. Thus, if the New Year is a fiction and a fancy and does not exist at all, it does not follow that the same can be said of our sins and follies, whatever their number might be.
Let it sit for 5 min or up to an hour – it will continue to grow. Then knead/stretch/shape it on a floured surface – mix it up with round, rectangle and square pizzas – I sure do.
Now, since we stopped walking and the temperature was dropping fast, it became very cold very fast. Even though the temperature was probably not below zero we were freezing (well, at least I was). It was getting dark fast also. After a good dinner we waited till the canteen in Phantom Ranch opens and went there. The canteen, which is used as the dining hall for the guests at the ranch, wasn’t very large. It had tables, lots of games and books (some of a very dubious nature), and shop to buy stuff like cheap wine, coffee, and candy. We played some games and Rienk and I had some wine. I have admit that that cheap wine wasn’t so bad. I don’t really remember the games well because I was passing out after two days of little sleep.
Here’s the hawk photo that I promised earlier.
If I were to wait until election day next Tuesday, I’d be doing so at a local church.
A spokesman for Mr Livingstone later confirmed that the medicals were carried out by a private firm, saying: ‘Like many people he has an annual check-up from an external provider – if he ever needs to see a doctor for anything it is with his local GP, or with other NHS services.’
The film's visual emphasis is confirmed right from its extraordinary opening sequence, in which it takes nearly ten minutes for anyone to say a word. Instead, Rollin simply delivers one mysterious, outrageous set piece after another. Cult scientists in red hoods strip a girl wearing a similar hood and inject her with color-coded chemicals that drip into beakers around the lab. The bright chemicals look like dyes prepared for Easter eggs more than scientific solutions, but no matter. The pacing is slow, almost narcotized, and Rollin cuts between steady, silent closeups: the red-hooded men, their eyes peering out through thin, ragged slits in their cloth hoods, the beakers and scientific equipment around the room, the girl's eyes peering out from behind her own hood. In the next scene, a girl (Caroline Cartier) in a gauzy orange dress, naked beneath the thin, translucent material, runs through the darkness, pursued by men in animal masks. This sequence is evocative and beautiful and creepy, the girl and her pursuers casting elongated shadows on the blank walls of the buildings, Rollin making excellent use of wide expanses of negative space with the girl trapped between these monstrous shadow-creatures. The deliberate pacing only adds to the creepiness of it all, with Rollin frequently cutting in inscrutable closeups of the men in their gaudy, sinister masks.
Surprises? Probably the biggest one was the aforementioned Wristcutters, which charmed me enough to land on my bests list. I also quite liked In Bruges, despite my general aversion to Colin Farrell. Year of the Dog also took an actor I don’t care for – Molly Shannon – and created a character for her that was both sweet and quite melancholy. The Signal and JCVD both turned genre on its head, and though neither was entirely successful, they were two of the more memorable films of the year.
If you are new to thinker keys (like me) here is a great informational piece by the thinker key creator: http://www.tonyryan.com.au/blog/wp-content/uploads/Thinkers_Keys_Version1.pdf
Tonight we are welcoming the new Commander's wife and other spouses of the new command team. I'm not sure what the Army protocol is for an incoming Commander's wife (I even looked it up in the Army etiquette book to see if it had any helpful hints - it didn't), but I wanted to take a small gift.
Yes, he is very active. I know this burns a massive amount of calories. But I will not discourage his activity because I know it is vital for airway clearance.
I added some stitching to the corners for definition
We decided to leave the town and head north of Royan to the beach at Conche de Gilet. Further along the coast is the Marias, low lying and criss-crossed with ditches, the cultivation of oysters using the flooded beds or 'claires' has been a source of seafood for centuries.
Anyway, City of Thieves is a very good book and a very good sequel to Castle of Shadows. (It has an equally gorgeous cover, which doesn't reproduce adequately, with gold foil and shiny black birds in full flight against the darkening blue sky.)
The district court interpreted the patent using the corrected "osmolality" term, finding that the certificate of correction was proper as a matter of law. The CAFC disagreed.
Mustard Potato Salad
Started: June 2011
On the road again...we went as far as Kingman...it was late, we were tired and hungry...it was time to stop. We ended up at McDonald's where everyone but me ate (I rarely do fast foods and wasn't up to it)...there was a sort of creepy guy there that tried to strike up a conversation with me...started asking if my baldness and cane use was due to chemo therapy or radiation...when I just automatically answered, Mel gave me a kick under the table. We moved outside to eat dessert and sit in fresh air and he followed us. With dessert done we wanted to head back to the RV which we had parked near a Semi and were planning to spend the night in on the generator's power, after all we had a baseball bat, a golf club, and my cane to protect us! So, we headed out to the far parking lot and our home on wheels and the kind of creepy guy turned creepy! He moved over two tables so that he could see where we were going! Now the four of us were totally convinced to hurry and get inside and lock the door, which we did. As I was closing the curtains I got that creepy feeling you get when one is staring at you and looked up and realized that Mr. Creepy was following our movements...gosh it was scarey! Mel promised not to leave the trailer to restart the generator without the baseball bat, it had been shutting itself off for some reason and we desperately needed the a/c to sleep. She ended up going out three or four times during the night and once one of the truckers let her know that he was behind her so he didn't get bashed with the bat...it wasn't a restful night, but we did manage to get a few hours sleep. Friday morning greeted us with that hung over feeling from lack of sleep...to be continued.
A new photo-shopped version of Brian Paddick’s election poster is doing the rounds but whoever produced it clearly didn’t check their facts. A more likely scenario is that it’s a deliberate attempt to unfairly smear the Lib Dem candidate in the eyes of the black community.
Life is nothing but a house of cards.
One of the most exciting new things Gracie did this time was.... drum roll please... she went potty at Disneyland! She never does, she holds it all day long. No matter how much juice I give her, I don't know how she does it, but she is a strong willed child. She does not like public toilets, they are big and scary. I always take her to the Baby Center on Main Street where they have little miniature flush toilets for young children, but she won't even go on those. I really prepped her for our trip and told her repeatedly for a couple of days that Disneyland is a Magical Place, even the toilets are magic: Nobody falls in! Ever! They are magic like that! She totally bought it. She went potty on a big toilet with an automatic flusher (scary!) not once, but twice during the day! I always bring along an extra outfit for her in case she wets herself in all the Disney excitement with her full bladder, but she's never had an accident. We always stay all day long too.
And wipe that smile from your face!
And most of all: Why did she want to be lost?
That’s ten man deep my friend!
Quartet for Strings #1 "Theme & Variations" (1939)
Kaiser Patterned papers
Recipe for Salad Bar Vegetable Stir Fry:
Especially if making a banner for your local group, barony, principality, guild, kingdom, your own coat of arms,... is already on your list, please join this challenge to add more banners and therefore also more colors to the next events :) - http://dragonsembroiderers.blogspot.com/2011/01/for-your-information-duartes-raglan.html
Democracy? Popular flocking.
New Jersey Devils @ Florida Panthers, 5:30 pm NHL Network/Series Tied 2-2
And what is it?
For some insurance company to live present-day they need to get them to be bringing down their costs every month and changing their costs every single day. Just about every American needs to ensure they’ve already the very best vehicle insurance available so you should definitely search for more cost-effective quotes today.
Automatic Bid: Southwestern Athletic Conference Champions
Find out why Vash is worth so much dead!A great weird-west steampunk manga (graphic novel from Japan). It has that perfect blend of silly and serious that the Japanese do so well.
At 12, she knows.
1) I am PMS-ING LIKE A BEYOTCHHHH!!!! It's truly AMAZING how this week before the arrival of good 'ol FLO I am able to eat quantities the likes of competition eaters!! haHA. No, okay, not that much! But in general, I eat small amounts. Restriction or not, ever since my band it's just normal for me now to eat really small quantities - but ALL OF A SUDDEN weeks like this there's no holds barred!!!!
Day Seven:
To my shock I read in today’s intelligencer that an acquaintance of mine has been imprisoned in Newgate pending swinging for theft, embezzlement and the cunning extraction of money from several flatulent former South Sea Bubble investors. NOTE: Methinks I’d better break this one out lest it lead to Dancing the Tyburn Jig. NOTE: Go to Seven Dials and purchase plans of Newgate Prison…
Actress, producer, writer, BD 3/25/1934
But on the whole, Midnight was great. RTD may well have been watching the Horror of Fang Rock when writing – the claustrophobic atmosphere is every bit as good, and its well-realised without going OTT with the effects.
for whatever you've done
We went and saw the "Christmas Spectacular" show at Radio city Music Hall- it was WONDERFUL and those Rockettes have the best high kicking legs!
Edited by:
Robyn offers a wonderful variety of digital stamps and digital papers, designed to meet the needs of all digital paper crafting addicts for every occasion. The Squirrel and The Fox DT were given some wonderful images to work with for the challenge, where they have been used I will detail them, so if you want to purchase them you can simply click on the badge to the right and visit the store.
We must learn to process long term. Which for us in Jesus means maturity in him, together becoming like him. We’ll make mistakes along the way as to the best decisions to be made in life. That is inevitable, and we should try to learn from that and do better.
Unselfishness is one of your main characteristics. It allows you to teach both old and young everything you’ve learned, with the hope that it’ll provide value—shedding light on their path in life. Always sympathetic and understanding, you find it easy to counsel the troubled without ever being critical.
It doesn’t happen.
What hair styles have you tried out lately? link us up so we can see!
wild onion snows, Lady Spring?
Further, they track the cap rates over time. Note the gap between offered cap rates and where they finally trade.
For the crust, I used some butter cookie dough I had made a few weeks ago and blind baked it in a fluted quiche pan because I wanted it to be deep enough to accommodate whole strawberries standing on end. The filling was Tartine's recipe for "lemon cream" - which they put in small tart shells at the bakery. It's creamy, rich and slightly tart - unless you're the one who makes it you'd never guess how much butter is in it. And cream. Especially once you whip a whole pint and pile it on top...
I’ve come out of my shell and I’ve become more objective. I know beautiful moments when I see them and appreciate them all that I can. But in the silence of a great moment underappreciated, I don’t fret. I take my reaction for what it is, consider the context, and move on. I’ve always been good at letting people love me. I trust easily. And I definitely know how to love others. But loving and accepting myself? I think that was only skin deep before I came here.
Risks to Wildlife – Rodenticides pose significant risks to non-target wildlife including birds, such as hawks and owls, and mammals, including raccoons, squirrels, skunks, deer, coyotes, foxes, mountain lions, and bobcats. Rodenticides applied as bait products pose risks to wildlife from primary exposure (direct consumption of rodenticide bait) and secondary exposure (predators or scavengers consuming prey with rodenticides present in body tissues). Several reported incidents have involved Federally listed threatened and endangered species, for example the San Joaquin kit fox and Northern spotted owl, in addition to the Bald eagle, which is protected under the Bald and Golden Eagle Act.
Here is a direct quote from one of the emails I received from our member about what went on at the high school. After being asked why all the black kids, Mexican kids and white kids grouped together in the lunch room, they hesitated to answer.
This picture was taken moments before the kiss picture on my blog.
I looked at my letters. Backward book titles swam before my eyes; then, a sudden moment of clarity.
Good Monday
- 12/25/1941: Hong Kong surrendered
Back then, I think we were only selling to a handful of places. Now we have our bottles at all the co-ops, all the New Seasons Markets, most all of the bottle shops and specialty beer bars, and on Tuesday I will be making the first delivery to Zupans on Burnside. Back then, we didn't want to make too big of a deal about the reusable bottle idea, because we didn't know if it would work out; now it is a major part of the brewery work schedule.
Doris screwed up her ugly old face in thought.
Ya'll are some of the nicest, most sharing & caring people I've ever "known," and I hope our friendships continue. I'm wishing you all good blessings and wonderful "dreams come true," in 2012!
Titanic (1997)
Just come on out little E. I promise you're really going to enjoy it out here. You have no idea how very loved you are, by so many people.
Televised testimony
Finished reading Haruki Murakami’s “1Q84”. I have to say that overall I enjoyed it, because I inevitably enjoy any of Murakami’s writing. However, I must also admit that this was an incredibly frustrating book, and if I must compare to his other books, this is probably my second least favorite of anything of his I’ve read. I haven’t been this frustrated with one of his books since “South of the Border, West of the Sun”.
I like her because she always looks like she's having the time of her life on stage, in her videos, in interviews, basically during anything that has to do with her music. Seeing that kind of passion is inspiring, I think, especially since we all know that life isn't ever that much fun, and pursuing creative endeavors is especially scary. I find it enjoyable to watch someone who's having that much fun, and is so positive. (Not that I wouldn't have fun being Taylor Swift!)
Thanks to either my legendary puppy eyes, or my giant karma account I got to see records without any ID or vetting of any kind… and proceeded to my search.
These lower levels of hormones, combined with some pro-inflammatory compounds and the free radicals, which are known to damage the cells, can also promote the wasting of muscle tissue which affects muscle fibers. Severe dieting, illness and/or extended bed rest also accelerates muscle loss.
ONE, he’s awoken/
I will get that fixed
Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Spritz with a bit of oil. Add the turkey patties. Cook, for six minutes per side, until nicely browned and the juices run clear. Remove to a plate and keep warm.
"Maa, you pway Wii wit me?"
So my tip to you: before you go, check out their menu online, and have an idea of what the selections are. Plan lightly and not overwhelm yourself. OR, skip lunch or skip dinner, and you can fully appreciate this meal. As it should, since the Brits have tea around 3 or 4 in the afternoon, so that they can have dinner at 9pm. Either way, play accordingly.
Once a month Stiles, Geist, and assistant brewer Dave Fleming sit down with several classic examples of a style of beer for research and development. They’ve tasted everything from abbey ales to Bavarian weizens to Irish stouts. You’d never know it from their beers, though, which all bear the same distinct flavor profile.
Gravity Objects explain a great deal. Again, here is The Law: Whenever you get three things – A massive Gravity Object, another less massive collection of mass, and a space of relatively little mass that separates the two – you are likely to see a whirlpool-type geometry that leads to a movement of the lighter mass to the Gravity Object – a “Gravitational Mass Displacement”.
You can't save the world by writing about it and then hoping other people will do it for you.
I had an epiphany the other day while holding my two week old son. It occurred to me suddenly that I might not live long enough to see my son turn the same age I am now, which is 40. I suppose this kind of thought crosses everyone's mind when they're forty. Reflecting on one's life is what you do at forty, right? I came to the conclusion that I've got one overriding regret now.
Our wedding will be in the beautiful city of Long Beach this summer and we couldn't be happier!!
Wherein to sow the wheat.
‘Yeahhh well its all your fault that got me here!’ i shouted to no one in particular. The guy on the motorcycle next to me gave me a quizzical look and gingerly moved sideways.
Whilst watching this scene I thought about what is it, about the seaside, which draws thousands of people, of all ages, to it? Fortunately for me, living in the UK, I’m never very far from the sea. It’s about 70 miles from my home to my nearest beach so I have the opportunity to visit, on a regular basis, and have done all my life. So that deals with the ability and convenience of travel but it doesn’t explain the desire to go. After all, I could do other things with my time. Whilst I realise that we are an island nation, steeped in the tradition of the sea;and of its wonderful history, but we also have a great tradition of mining for coal, lead and tin. Mining has been carried out in this country for centuries but I have no desire, on a sunny day, to visit a mine. If I did, I’m certain that there would be very few others in the queue.
Loki escapes and brings his alien army to earth and all of the Avengers battle a whole army of aliens and sea monsters who can fly. Loki tries to hypnotise Iron Man but he can’t because Iron man has a robotic heart.
The Finder, like the Casino, is rated as a 2/3, though both Gio and Romeo seem to be finding it more difficult than the Casino. The difficulty is increased to a 3 if extra cups are placed in the channels to prevent the treat cup from sliding. The extra cup must be removed before the treat cup can be displaced to reveal the treats.
Her favourite meal is spaghetti bolognese, and she'll eat almost anything, as long as it's not spicy.
The first demo in 2004,the promo-cd in 2006 and our m-cd "Expanding the Massacre" in 2007 by Reverb Records, also liveshows all over Greece took place all those years and the most important was as a support act for VADER in Thessaloniki.
To make a setting exciting you must discover its inherent conflict and then use that conflict in your story. Make it relevant. Make it live and breathe. Make it so vital that if the story were set anywhere else, then the plot would fail.
Yesterday’s Warm Up is Today’s Workout:
ARC obtained from the publisher for review
Anyway enough of the chat
Scrumptious!!!
yellow and orange leafs.
I once met a woman, who grew up with my father. And as we all know we don’t care much about the important things when were younger, but we do grow to notice them and wonder and of course want to know about them. What I didn’t know then that I do now, is that she is an amazing person. Not because what happened to her, or who she is or even who she is with me but all of it and not even the latter.
Skipping Stones Designs - Heartsong 2
The forum was organised by the writing school Akademi Pak Sako in the wake of at least 10 reporters and photographers claiming assault during the rally last Saturday and was broadcast live through the online radio channel Radio Bangsar Utama.
3) Ventana Wilderness, where the southernmost redwoods are, remains outstanding. I decided to play a game and see if there were flowers of every color of the rainbow on the exposed parts of the trail, and "won" in the first mile (plus some nice big white-purple daturas and some pink I don't even know, but the shore was purty.) In this dry winter, it's drawn crowds like I've never seen, particarly on Pine Ridge Trail on the way to Sykes Hot Springs. This is partly owing to morons like me who go around shouting how awesome Ventana is. But once you go there you really can't help it.
All this took place in the Federal’s large, high ceilinged second floor – a space alternately recalling a Greenwich Village jazz club of the ’60s and a timeless French cellar bistro. Although the brick walls and exposed beams tended to muddy low tones somewhat, it was a problem that sound reinforcement can resolve. Otherwise, the room is an amiable audio location.
Song of the Day: "Passerby" (All Points Bulletin Live version) by Dispatch
Yeah. OK. Nice try, "Stillon". I've only known him for five minutes by this time, but even I know that he's not gay. And I also know that he's not taking this gal anywhere, much less back to her own apartment.
Just wanted to say that even tho I don't have the prerequisite hour it usually takes me to write a 'for real' blog post I did want to take a few minutes to tell you that things are looking up. I feel better than I have in a long time, thanks to some determined therapy, a slight change in diet and the addition of some all-natural supplements (ie I'm devouring animal glands and so forth. Honest. Ground up, freeze-dried, powdered-and-put-in-a-capsule animal glands. Among other things. Healthy!) The funny thing is, it's actually working. A few days ago An Incident occurred that as little as two weeks ago would have had me crash-and-burning, in a serious depression spiral downward. The moment came, I knew it was going to happen, I started to crash, I clenched for it and...
I was just setting about the task of patting the dust and dirt from my pants legs when it came again. The same sudden, sharp thump that we had heard two days prior. My first thought was that Jane must have heard something moving up there before the thump sounded, because when I looked at her, her head was already turned upwards and her eyes were fixed on the attic entrance directly above us. My eyes followed her stare and I looked up, but there was nothing discernible in the darkness beyond the threshold. This time it was Jane's turn to speak first, and she began to ask me if I'd heard it too but her words broke off when another thud, this time more jarring than the first, almost violent in its force, sent a fistful of dust shooting from the rafters. The horrible, sickening shuffling sound came next, and the image that entered my mind then was that of someone, or something, dragging itself across the floor almost directly over our heads, approaching the attic entry. This time there was no resistance, no arguments to be put up against turning tail and leaving that place behind us for good. In an instant the two of us were stumbling through the dark toward the front entrance and within five seconds we were back out into the cool predawn air. But in the cage of memory, instants can sometimes stretch the length of an eternity, and impressions can sometimes last a lifetime--for as we passed through the doorway of the old farmhouse for the last time, we heard the voice again, this time much closer, coming from atop the attic stairs where we had stood only seconds ago, this time much clearer-- raspy, nearly gravelly, calling after us. And the words it said were "David... I saw you!"
This may be one of the most boring posts ever, but please keep reading...... I have a little business to mention.... but first: a little make-believe conversation between me and YOU!
My husband was working in northeastern Italy during my parents’ visit last week, so we chose to go down to Italy to meet him there, since my parents had never been to Italy before. I decided we had to go to Venice if we were going to be in the region, not only for my parents’ sake, but also to see if my 23-year old views were correct. I figured I have grown as a traveler since then, so I would see the city in a new way.
The fact is that I do not trust rodents to do anything, let alone predict the weather. Phil predicted six more weeks of winter this morning. Today it was 63 degrees. Clearly he is, yet again, incorrect.
For the next hour and a half, we started laughing about how insane we are when we're on four hours of sleep in 36 hours and cranky as hell. We realized that these were going to be pretty good stories to tell one day, and all was well. We even had the most delicious hamburger ever from Carl's Jr's which we don't have in Shreveport. It was a very happy ride home.
The video quality is not the greatest because I had to compress it so much.
THOMAS McCLORGAN
Accompanying her on the voyage are her brothers, Alvis and Dormod. Their father is memorialized as the greatest fighter. His children, hoping to continue his legacy, embark upon a journey of their own. Off to conquer the Saxons, the warriors had to first win the battle with the sea. The crossing estimated to take five days, has been extended due to the violent weather. Alfhid directs the rowers of the Viking ship. Her voice booms over the crashing waves, commanding attention and gains her respect as a great warrior leader. She is demanding of her crew, especially her brothers. However Alfhid is just in every order. Her muscular physique reflects her strong character. The Saxons are awaiting a grueling battle with Alfhid and her brothers as their adversaries.
Posted by Justin "The Claw" at 2:32 AM 0 comments
Pink Opal Pigment (MAC)
Palestine, in fact, was a name imposed on Israel. As J.D. Longstreet pointed out, “In the second century A.D., after crushing the last Jewish revolt, the Romans first applied the name “Palaestina” to Judea. Judea was the southern portion of what we now call the West Bank. It was an attempt, by the Romans, to isolate Jewish identification from the land of Israel.”
Temp got up to 89 today, low should be around 70 tonight. Thought we were going to get a little rain, NOT! So we’re still going to be watering. We won’t water the garden tomorrow or Saturday, we’ll till between the rows Sunday and then water everything again.
If you move to another country, you can buy about 5 ebooks using your U.S. address. But then you will get the following message:
Loren, a gorgeous cat-eyed brunette, had some striking gemstone and sterling pieces, which host Colleen Lopez showed off nicely.
13. See You
So what was the big deal about? Why couldn't Edward marry her? Well, Wallis Warfield Simpson was not married when the Prince of Wales made her acquaintance, but she’d already been married and divorced once already. Divorce was still a taboo; divorced subjects including members of the Queen’s own family for years were not accepted at court. Although there was nothing constitutionally to stop the King from marrying her apart from that whole Defender of the Faith thing as head of the Church of England, Edward also knew that marrying Wallis would topple the government. Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin had already made clear his views on the marriage. He refused to even countenance a morganatic marriage, whereby the King could marry Wallis, but she wouldn't be Queen.
I also have a friend PA that’ll get to hangout with. After moving me in, my family and I are going to a wedding in Lancaster, PA which is where he lives. After the wedding he’ll be taking me back to NYC and hanging out in the city. That’ll be interesting. I’m excited but as usual a little anxious. We weren’t friends very long face-to-face before he moved away. The last month of which was pretty shitty. So despite the fact that we’re very electronically connected I’m always afraid hanging out is going to be a trainwreck. It wasn’t when I saw him this winter, so this is probably another one of my irrational fears but … eh. It’s there.
1. We get the information in the mail.
Relationships rule
I bought a real nice camera with zoom.
and joins them with hand-threaded screws.
So here I am, bumping along through my semi-adult life, when I have a minor crisis and decide I absolutely must change my hair color. I went to a real honest to god hair stylist around Christmas, and did the ultimate: I gave her permission to dye my hair any color she chose. Seriously. I gave her free reign, and I walked out an hour later as a ginger. Like legit red hair. The argument could be made that it was auburn, but let's keep it real. The hair was red. Happy holidays, everyone. I do love Christmas.
Active lines wіll ensure that updates аrе received аnd communication wіth оthеr online participants іѕ guaranteed. A keyboard and mouse iѕ recommended. The mouse wіth scroll wheel is recommended fоr the ultra setting аlong with thе multiple buttons feature.
Clippy/pin backings for the fabric flowers
The blurring years go by,
The Talmud gives the account about him (as does Josephus) that he was the Kohen HaGadol, when Alexander the Great conquered the ME. When Alexander came to Jerusalem, Shimon HaTzaddiq dressed in his priestly robes, and went out to greet Alexander the Great. On seeing Shimon HaTzaddiq, Alexander the Great went off from his chariot and approached Shimon HaTzaddiq, bowing when he reached him. When criticized for doing that, Alexander the Great explained that he had dreamt about Shimon HaTzaddiq, declaring that he, Alexander the Great, would be victorious.
“Nate, don’t,” Charlie said from behind. “You don’t have to. I’ll just tell…” But Nate ignored her. He was too far gone.
Loreal Paris Super Liner in Silver Black
No, Seattle is not the beautiful city it was when Betty was alive. Neither is San Francisco, no place is. Every city I go to in this land seems to always have construction road blocks and cranes, etc. and over-development, and more traffic, even in this economy. People will always keep building into the voids, and here in America everyone loves the freedom a personal car gives.
WARNING: contains glue sniffing, BMX, having a right laugh, Old Spice, Robocop, Carltonian spazmos, your mum, some of the best hip-hop ever put to wax and Goose Fair.
Background: In our case, David is not personally responsible for hiring his own direct support staff. We work with a provider. The provider hires the staff, assigns the staff, there can be good matches and bad matches. And, of course, there is staff turnover. When you’re talking 24×7 supervision, that’s a lot of people. David and I made out holiday cards for 12 different individuals just for his residential care. There are individuals who come and fill in shifts. Temps. And then there are day program staff. I do not know who is with my brother at any given moment. I mean I don’t know which person is with my brother and often if I did know who, I wouldn’t know who they are. That is the frightening reality.
It was perfect.
Geoffrey Paterson (conductor)
Hanging onto the edge till it’s over
and my cloak was just as heavy on my back
Head chef and Merivale golden child Dan Hong travelled to Mexico and LA with Justin Hemmes earlier this year, undertaking some heavy edible research from street stalls and taco trucks before heading back to Sydney. The resulting El Loco menu is surprisingly thorough, offering a broad selection of proteins. Even vegetarians have been catered for, with queso de soya tofu tacos on the board.
The iconic mountain is a sight to behold. I can think of nothing better to capture the feeling of what it’s like to behold this magnificent peak than to share with you some photos of the mountain and short excerpts from the book. I hope that they will give you a glimpse of the majesty that radiates from Mount Kilimanjaro and put you on the mountain.
The original kitchen was from the 70s and was very, very typical Swedish for the time. Pine! Pine! Some more Pine! On the ceiling, too!
4. The Walter Reed Hospital Room, where they don’t let you in.
“Christian and I pitched an idea to PBS regarding all the places in Rhode Island that are rumored to be haunted. They liked the idea and so we did a pilot episode of Haunted RI, which they want to make into a series.”
In honor of OnoD’s birthday, I’ve uploaded and translated scans from the April issue of Sylph, which contains photos and a summary of HiroC’s seitansai in Okinawa. I can’t wait to listen to DGS tomorrow and find out what craziness Kamiya has cooked up for Ono’s birthday.
Of course, we aren't exactly looking at that end in either of these, are we?
the birdies is...
Having left the Labour Party, I then decided to go about the continuation of my career both in the arts and education. While in the secondary education system of London, working on short-term contracts in failing schools, I was brought into schools across London as a trouble-fixer prior to OFSTED inspections, in such areas as Greenwich, Lewisham, Bexleyheath, Newham, Neasden and Tower Hamlets amongst others.
＜Star Struck＞来自美国的爱情电影主题，说是那女孩发明星梦，自然被＂星＂和＂梦＂困扰而折腾的死去活来！片子很老土，所以看的人也不多！
Gorgeous laminated luggage tags, my flight details, a book with all the itinerary details in and a card to leave at home. That's so Spark knows where I am! As incentive trip achievers we get to take a plus one on this trip with us and as Hubby is staying home to look after Commander Chaos and Major Mayhem I am taking my lovely down line Tracy.
BTW do not throw away the vanilla bean shells. Keep them with sugar. You will have fragrant vanilla sugar for your next baking project.
If that's not enough FUN, we have more!! We thought it would be fun for our first challenge and to help introduce our new team members we'd have a blog hop!! Here's the hopping order! Be sure to stop by and leave some love and see all the Bugaboo inspiration as Bugaboo also generously gave the Flutter By Team digi's to play with~
of Allah, you will gain glory,
Harrington belongs to a rival party the National Liberal Party (Third Way) which stood against the BNP as recently as 2007. Harrington is probably another state op and turned when he had to be escorted into his university lectures by police. Civil Liberty is what Stormfront call a "Stronghold", an organisation designed to make inroads into the public. Its s leader Kevin Scott has just published an article supporting an IRA murderer which does great damage to British nationalism. Harrington also supports the IRA and a photograph of him paying respects at a memorial exists.
I wanted a nap, but before I took one, I wanted to get the cookies out of the way. SO, I made some Oatmeal chocolate cookies. I didn't have chocolate chips, so I just put some cocoa powder in the dough. It was pretty tasty. And we even had some extras to munch on here. I know, not so good for ANY of our diets.
Real finish their championship-winning campaign at the Bernabeu next weekend against Mallorca needing a win to set a new Liga record of 100 points in a single season, while Granada visit Madrid to face Rayo Vallecano in a direct scrap for survival.
Here's what I shared this week with you:
I have tomorrow off too. No, I won't be participating in the Black Friday madness. I work Saturday, then have Sunday and Monday off. Maybe, I can actually get some spinning done during that time.
Fortunately, last week, when I was on vacation from the office, it was wonderful dry, breezy weather. Great for sleeping and getting some things done around the house. I was petsitting the whole time, so I commuted back and forth until the Fourth! Then Jim and I had a big cookout with lots of friends and relatives over-we gathered under the willows and cherry trees in the back yard and hung out all afternoon and half the evening, eating, drinking, storytelling and goofing off.
But at least there’s some improvement going on in our home. Since Bedis now has a real job, we were able to make our first big purchases last week. We had to pay some older bills first, but now we have a shiny new dish washer in our kitchen that I absolutely love! I don’t think someone has ever been this happy about a dish washer? But i mean, the dishes actually come out of there clean. Super clean. (I have never seen such sparkly glasses in my life.) The dish washer is quiet. No loud whistling sound when it is running. And it doesn’t smell like something is burning when it is running. (Seriously. I can’t believe I actually still used the old one even though something was close to burning in there. Not good. I guess I’d rather burn the house down than doing dishes by hand?) I was kinda hoping for a magic dish washer that would also unload itself, because I am a terrible slacker when it comes to that. But no such luck. Guess I’ll have to do that myself until we can get a little house robot. The robot should also be able to make beds in the morning, and fold laundry. Because I never do those things as well. Man, I’m such a great housewife.
With captivating lyricism, the much garlanded poet, Niyi Osundare, distilled the history and augury of each month into an evocative poem on the human condition in Nigeria and world-wide. The novelist, Teju Cole, made words sing and sigh and hum and dance in his enchanting column, “Words Follow Me.” He commanded them, and how they did his bidding!
And I washed her body and edged her stiffening limbs
17 Tips To Double Your Productivity In 14 Days
If you’re curious and have used the net to penetrate the veil of secrecy Kansans spread by silence, well and good. For them like me – try Great Bend, Ks. There are folks there that do the local guide thing with verve, vim and for a price.
I’ve been through the freak-out-fetal-position phase, the bargaining with God phase, the study & die on the inside phase, feeling like I’m should get kicked off a cliff phase, and now I’m enjoying the I-just-don’t-care phase. I’ve studied, attended every class, and took as many notes as I could so I shall let fate decide how things go. Plus worst case scenario is I don’t do well and have to retake the class. Not like it’ll tank my whole college career or make me end up with a guy named Bubba who is missing his front teeth all because he couldn’t pass a college law class either…
It’s like this: Be a save driver. If you follow that one rule, you’ll use turn signals properly, watch where you’re driving, stay a safe distance between cars, hang up the cell phone, stay within the lines, stop at traffic lights, stop at stop signs, and stay within the speed limit. But in our legalistic society, we can’t have that one rule. We have to have a hundred individual rules because we can’t rightfully interpret the one simple rule.
2 teaspoons finely chopped shallots
“Special suction magic brings their flesh to my mouth in the blink of an eye,” explained Swain.
Easy Come, Easy Go
1 missed
But none so fair as little Alice in all the land they say,
I have a few pics today to show you what has been going on in the world of Annie this week...
This will provide for the continued financing of the military
Me: Um, a few months ago? So we can talk to them?
Here's how it will work:
Nick and I both read the book and walked away feeling informed and very confident in our decision.
For me, I think perhaps a threat from within would’ve provided more intrigue because we’ve done the “invasion by outsiders” thing with Bishop and to be honest it was done to death. Magnus appears to be Bishop with a new name.
Well let me tell you something nothing could have been further from the truth. If I had known then what I know now, I would have run away. Being a deacon’s wife aint what’s it cracked up to be. The only thing I can imagine worse is being a preacher’s wife.
I wrote a short blog about Colorado College’s unique Block Plan prior to my visit to their campus last week because they are one of only two colleges in the U.S. who utilize such a format for their academic programs. But what really stood out to me after spending some time on their campus wasn’t just the uniqueness of their classroom experience – it was the uniqueness of their student body.
And how cute is that packaging???? I love the post card :) So clever! But the real reason we are here, is because of her SUPER adorable mustache onesie. I fell in love the second I saw it. I absolutely love the shape of the mustache, but my favorite part is the textured brown fabric gives it a more dimensional look as opposed to just your boring brown cotton.
Morning everyone...Hope you are all well. Well time certainly does fly lol the Kitties are now 3 weeks old and are all starting to walk...couldn't resist posting these photos my partner Tony took this morning of them.
The human eye works by some 40 different parts functioning together. If just one of these is not present, the eye will serve no purpose. Each of these 40 parts has its own individual complex structure. For instance, the retina, at the back of the eye, is made up of 11 strata (above right), each of which has a different function. The theory of evolution is unable to account for the development of such a complex organ.
It is clear the benefits system is broken and it is up to California fix it. But let's consider: If the system is dysfunctional then someone, somewhere is getting filthy rich off of it being so. Is it the small percentage of taxes from cigarette and alcohol sales that allow such purchases to go under the radar? That is extra cash that the State would not receive otherwise. Is their no info-dump of purchases or audits of EBT accounts being performed even randomly?
The blinds are down, the locks are changed,
HAPPY 7TH BIRTHDAY, MATTHEW ISAIAH. We PRAY that there are MANY MANY MANY more. WE LOVE YOU and are so BLESSED and HAPPY that GOD has been so amazing to us that he has bless us with YOU in our lives. You are such a JOY to us and we are sooooooo PROUD OF YOU!!!! WE LOVE YOU, MATTHEW ISAIAH WITH ALL OUR HEART!!!! GOD BLESS YOU ALWAYS!!!
BLITZER: Let’s move on, let’s move on.
And here are a few neat things I saw but didn't buy. Just look at all these wonderful old cabinets for everything from spices to thread. That small black one beside the toy piano (another fun collectible of mine) actually was designed to hold dental supplies.
Best moment of the week: Finding out about our son, of course!
As with all short stories, these have at least one major character and a full plot with beginning , middle, and end. There is a conflict and some sort of obstacle for the protagonist to overcome. The story can be action-packed or quietly introspective, but one thing all of them have in common is their length. A micro-fiction is short.
Thats Right
26 Mohawk sold for $7.5 in 2008, asked $7.850 this past year, has slashed its price to $5.995 and still has no takers,
The leaders made the
I walked around Saint-Germain where—success!—I found a great bathing suit for my rendez-vous with Melody on the Cote d’Azur this weekend. Then I daydreamed in front of the windows of a few select patisseries (I’m telling you, I’m going to keep shopping for bathing suits because it seems to be the only thing that convinces me I don’t need to sample another warm buttery croissant or raspberry gateau).
Still, it was awesome! I can't recommend mud runs enough. This was my second and it's a blast every time. This one was a 5K with 11 obstacles that culminated in an army crawl through a mud pit. Go find one in your area!
LCD, Plasma and LED Screens – What’s the Difference?
In the afternoon, when inserted, go on spending and make a campfire with twigs and pine cones to be more spectacular fire, where every drink a glass of Horincă, desire to come for fun and play around the fire, young and old.
Whatever. My head hurts now. After being chased by various things, they make it back to the castle in Oriana (the kingdom, not the girl) (though if she had a castle in her that'd be cool. I mean weird. Totally weird.) and sneak in but Uncle Duke is waiting for them. He wants the secrets of the kingdom and stuff but Oriana is all, “no, bitch.” So Uncle Duke threatens the rest of the Escapees and Oriana is all, “Fiiiiiine. Bitch.”
Myra: What do you sell anyway?
Parents...I implore you. Make some time for yourselves. Don't forget to take care of you. We all need a break from the dependency. A moment to breathe. And think. You can go shopping, take a drive, go to a coffee shop and read your favorite book. You could take a blanket and lay out in a local park with your iPod and some sunshine for company. Spending money is not the key.
As soon as I feel ready to share my product, I will. Music is an awkward topic. It’s very elitist. I have no problem sharing my favourite films but there is definitely some judgement at work when one shares music with another. “Oh, I’ve heard of them. They suck.” “Oh, they’re so mainstream.” Damn, hipsters. But this is a zone of fandom. If you like something, you should be able to unashamedly declare that passion because it is a reflection of yourself. Your unapologetically, bold, open self.
I realised the other day that it's been quite a while since I subbed a short short story, the BTL rewrite has been dominating my thoughts for a month or so. Well I put a stop to that lack of productivity today and have subbed two stories. One was a brand new one and the other was one that has been "reworked" as it were. That brings me up to 13 stories out there but at least two of them have been with That's Life for nigh on six months so there's not much longer for them. They do still have their if you've not heard in six months you've been unsuccessful policy don't they?
Grease and line a 10 inch by 15 inch baking dish with parchment paper
On February 12th Hubby and I will be celebrating our 34th Wedding Anniversary! I saw the verse on Sue's blog and knew I has to use it for this card! Thanks Sue!!!You can find Sue's fabulous blog here.
SS: It’s a possibility, but now we want to concentrate on our own project and find our place.
I love this quote "Cleaning the house while your kid's are still growing, is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing." So true!!
And above is what happens when you think a Vining or indeterminate plant is a roma when you plant it.......Lots of huge branches with fruit everywhere lying on the ground....It took me a long time to tie this one up.
Let the show begin! When the sun sets behind the horizon, the desert city of Las Vegas turns into a sparkling sea of glittering lights. Standing ovations for spectacular shows, seductive showgirls, exciting pin-up costumes – open the red curtain for the new Limited Edition “Welcome to Las Vegas” by CATRICE. A hint of burlesque, pure glamour and great divas – with this breathtaking make-up, every woman is sure to be the highlight of the night. In November 2011, expressive eye make-up in dramatic dark shades and an elegant shimmer on your lips, nails and face open the door to a world full of indulgence, elegance and brilliance – this city is sure to transform us all. Welcome to Las Vegas!
Seven men returned to a police station to answer bail on Thursday and had their bail extended for a further eight weeks.
When a royal summons from her brother arrives, Emma knows it’s time to embrace her duties as the princess of a small European kingdom, and marry the man her brother has chosen for her…a stranger she has never met. Instead she does what any self-respecting princess would do—she runs away. All she wants is one week in London. One week to experience everything life has to offer, before she is locked away in a loveless marriage forever…
Electroweb
As she started to pay more attention, I worked on walk/halt transitions and changes of rein on circles.
like, surrrriously.
Wait a minute…arrow??
Now the garage is filling up with jars of gherkins, chutneys, sauces, relish and pickles. I love the creative thing, though, and feeling virtuous is so affirming.
Example ConnectionString is
There are a couple of girls in Activity Days that drive me crazy. The more I've learned about them and the kind of home they come from, the more I can see why they act the way they do. This is what I try to remember when I find patience wearing thin. I think sometimes the people who are the hardest for us to love are the ones that need it most. Especially children.
Well, you see, he was going down the street naked when out of nowhere another naked man came dashing around the corner, handed him the purse, and ran off.
It was so much fun designing a toy. I am sure many many kids would love to design their own toys. It was so easy to just play around with Happy Toy Machine's Plush Builder. I personally must have been on there for a couple hours designing a plush toy for my little one. I wasn't on there for so long because it was difficult. I was on there for so long because it was fun!
Scholarship applications are due by May 31, 2009, and scholarship recipients
Darwin's research and writing process is presented in a way that makes sense to the non-scientist.
Image: iPhoto, Photoshop, MS Picture Manager, Keynote
It is getting warmer out and I of course had nothing to wear. Everything from last spring is too big and most of it has found its way into the consignment shop. So my dear husband gave me some mad money to get some things for spring. I think he got tired of me complaining about only having two pairs of pants and no tops that I like that are weather appropriate. I got some great outfits and it is always more fun to shop when you are looking for SMALLER sizes! I could have used some shorts but I am not ready to brave shorts yet. My thighs are still pretty big and lumpy. I would rather have a gut than huge legs (is that weird?). I did find a great dress for an upcoming wedding too. Anyhow here are some pictures of my finds. I wish I could have gotten better pics but I am still stuck using my cell. Canon’s customer service still sucks. Over $300 for a camera that randomly stops working in 3 months. Ugh. I’d like to take my camera and shove it up their butt!
The speakers address crises and new challenges facing young people today
If the DMV is notorious for being slow, and crowded, one would think they would have more employees working the stations.
I find myself drifting a bit at the moment in many things. I feel unsettled. I don't feel centred, grounded or with a purpose. I feel I'm "going through the motions" on many things. There is a passage in one of the stories in the book Alcoholics Anonymous (version 3 I think) that talks about living life on life's terms, accepting what is and not what I want it to be - I need to dismiss these restless thoughts and focus on living my life today in the best way I can.
Surprisingly we caught up with Rita quite a bit way, almost at the Indian Garden. I didn’t expect her to do that well. We were at the Indian Garden by lunch time. Right on schedule.
As you can also see, my room was made up of extra pieces of furniture from where ever I could get. The center cabinet was bought a few years ago at Home Depot for $135.00 and I told my husband, that if it doesn't fit in this cabinet then I don't need it. Well I guess I was wrong, I out grew that cabinet in a few months lol. My husband also wanted my Son to have his dresser back, UH OH is what I said. So off I went onto the Internet to see if I can find another cabinet like my big white one. And I scored again. Home Depot still carries it for almost the same price.
In Herefordshire (another beautiful rural county) I met lots of people. Some good, some bad; some respectable, some not so. And I got up to many things, some worthwhile and many downright ridiculous. And I did find myself.
No worries or cares
Other authors: Arsen Darnay, Will Stanton, John Collier, Joan D.Vinge, Anthony Boucher, Gerald Jones, Arthur C. Clarke, Sharon Webb, Paul J.Nahin, Al Sarrantonio, Barry N. Malzberg, Murray Leinster, L.Sprague de Camp and John W. Campbell, Jr.
Cruel, powerful, rich, man with insatiable libidos, mistresses, ex-wife's, rape, murder..this story has it all!
There's also a different type of art. Strongly iconoclastic, it channels most of its strength through violence, an eventual destruction of all past reason, 'artistic norm' and audience expectation. Often this music is abrasive and extreme, it likens in its assault the psychosexual charges of sado-masochism. It aims to destroy boundaries. Appreciators of this type of art endlessly try to negotiate what this music means to them and its seeming resistance to pacification. This type of art means the audience harm. It means to strike at their core and watch how the organism mutates to cope with the reminder of mortality. The purpose of the subculture around this type of art is one of understanding, applying of meaning and eventual pacification. When someone says "oh yeah, I love listening to noise music" what they're saying is "I am fascinated by how this music startles and shocks me, and I'm trying to wrestle some meaning out of this by owning these feelings and fashioning an identity out of my weakness".
I hate to think of the day when Roxy is no longer in my life.. even though she's only three. She's my bebe!
Treasure
“The debate is over,” said study co-author Alexandra Morton, a biologist with the Raincoast Research Society. “This paper brings our understanding of farm-origin sea lice and Pacific wild salmon to the point where we know there is a clear severe impact.”
Congress used the law to shutdown operations at the FTC in 1980. “The first agency to ever shut down for a lapse in appropriations was the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). The FTC shutdown for one day in 1980 because Congress refused to pass a full-year appropriation for the agency until it had authorizing legislation.” (149)
Why Attend
I had such a blast with Alisha and Brian on their scouting trip. They are a very sweet couple and we had so much fun checking out locations and vendors together. We went to see the J.W. Marriott Ihilani Resort & Spa, Lanikuhonua and The Kahala Hotel & Resort, all of which have amazing grounds and views of the ocean.
The bill is a pittance and we have enough leftovers for another dinner it seems. It is packaged up for us neatly in a tower of takeaway containers encased in plastic bags. Peeking at the top is a mound of seven more loaves of complimentary Iraqi bread. Our quiet host nods at us with a shy and thoughtful smile and we nod back with happy grateful faces.
“No gimmicks.”
She is trying to become pescetarian.
Author: Riccardo Sciaudone (Grimaldi e Associati)
Ooi, who called for a press conference at the DAP headquarters here, showed reporters a newspaper cutting from Chinese daily, GuangMing, showing a photo of Ooi and Razali in front of the police station.
This almost sounds like Mika having an LSD moment in a recording studio. Brilliant. I’d always wondered what that might sound like, now you too can hear it without breaking the law and slipping something in his drink. This was a sizeable continental hit, but didn’t do the business in the UK.
At other times this man has said how great he thinks the Koran and Islam are despite the fact that he has probably never studied or even read the Koran. (A politician like him simply wouldn’t have time to.) But this fakery doesn’t matter to Islamists. The infidel’s praise of Islam and the Koran is victory enough for Islam; even if in fact they knew or suspected that Straw secretly despises the Koran or has lied about reading it (as Tony Blair once did).
I lingered around the race site and had a few cups of isotonic drinks and Milo before heading home for a hearty and well-deserved breakfast of fried arrowhead chips and assam laksa. Despite the tough course, I’d enjoyed the race very much.
If this is the best convincing there is, Mexico will have two new nuclear generating stations underway in the not too distant future.
This situation is not optimal, however, as faithful priests begin to enter the communities which have been led astray often for years at a time, this is going to be the experience. My experience as a police officer taught me a lot. The world is full of "no" people. There will always be those people who simply refuse to accept authority. They are typically the loudest and they typically push the hardest. That is until, they realize you are not going to back down. Certainly, this is not the way in which the Bishop would have wanted things to work out. In fact, the letter is a plea for the faithful to change course. None of us and especially the Bishop want to see anyone leave the Church, however, the Church must be a beacon of truth. Remaining in that truth the free will of those who do not prefer it, must be allowed to choose whether they will remain and give her obedience, or reject her and become apostates. Nevertheless, he is bound by his office and his love for Christ to defend and teach the faith, regardless, of how it may make the faithful feel. Please pray for our Bishop, he is a courageous and holy man, who seeks to bring those who have strayed back into the fold.
Universal suffrage on a common voters roll in a united, democratic and non-racial South Africa is the only way to peace and racial harmony.
Last night I successfully killed about an hour and a half on Pinterest! Pinterest once again sucked me in! What started out as gathering my weekly recipes, turned into about 2 hours of random searches on Pinterest! I found way to many mouth watering recipes, one to many DIY for my apartment, and about a million outfit ideas that I just need to recreate!
The spring flowers are the most beautiful in my opinion.
Some experts claim that we have a hand in creating our luck, good or bad. A recent study by Richard Wiseman, Professor of Psychology at the University of Hertfordshire in the UK, demonstrated that simply believing that one is lucky can create positive outcomes. Wiseman studied two groups of people: one group whose members considered themselves to be “lucky” and another group whose members considered themselves to be “unlucky”.
Kenny set the recorder on the tabletop and pressed the red button. He introduced himself and stated the date, time and location. Then, he looked over at the suspect. “State your name.”
1. Delegate - This is where you tell the kids, "You WILL clean up your rooms, vacuum the family room, and set the table, or I will lose it and run away from home, leaving you to eat nothing but Fruit Loops and Kool-Aid fish for the rest of your lives.
how will it go through?
My heart is full, but the words are forming as I type.
"Have you got on the scale lately."
So for my recent birthday I received a new toy, a TomTom GPS. I love these things! Immediately of course I set out to exploit the device and see what else I could do with it. Boys will be boys… Turns out, I can’t really modify it so much right now, which is a bummer! I’ve yet to find a place that can walk me through installing a text to speech engine to have it read books to me on long drives, but I can get by just the way it is.
ah, how i LOVE the handmade community! your enthusiasm was inspiring! the events were created in the hopes of celebrating handmade, and what a celebration you all helped to create!
Your devoted fan,
1) The email recepient list is too long
“Regardless of the outcome of this referendum, the people deserve to know the truth about our funding situation, something which the Government has so far denied us.
Moore also offered advice to other publishers who may consider creating a CMR for the first time.
Other clues: Language and Genetics
All of these memories are mine, I hope memory hasn't twisted too severe. I'm sure the people reading this know of the occasions and the beer I'm speaking about. To them, I raise my glass. All of the shared times, the good beers and the bad ones, to the hangovers and all the greasy breakfasts shared.
He So reminded me of Alcir, so angry and discouraged, his young
‘Trigger!’ She drops down at his side and buries her head in his thick fur.
Hmm...I'm not sure I have enough links in this post yet so here's one more for good measure: I Am Nancy because, duh, I'm super excited for this documentary and it totally fits in with my previous topic since the creative team locked picture and have started that torturous process: festival submission!
1 cursed
Early in my world-o-blogging I said, “Taking the quantum leap of loving your words to handing them to someone to read (aka judge) is scary stuff. It is akin to baring your breasts to the world and wondering if the world is going to scoff.”
“These often harrowing accounts should cause every member of NHS staff who reads this report to pause and ask themselves if any of their patients could suffer in the same way.
It was still in our attic.
From here you can use Reiki to help resolve Squares, oppositions, and so on and so forth, bringing an end to strife in ones life, it’s as easy as thinking “I WANT MORE”.
"This special day will give supporters as well as Euro election campaigner’s space to come together and outline to the people of Wales just why the BNP and what it stands for is a threat to people like me and you."
Rachel pressed pause and turned around to face Jessica.
because of
In much of the western world, but especially the UK, the natural qualities of women are viewed as the result of male oppression, and in their place are subsituted harmful parodies of femininity, based upon ludicrous ideas of the supremacy of material gain, and an over-emphasis of physical attributes. The attack on the feminine is rife throughout the Judaised west, as is evident in the media portrayal of women as whores or workaholics. The natural role of a woman as mother and carer is mocked as a male construct, whereas in fact these traits are the fullest expressions of feminine beauty.
and atrocities
Day 14: A Picture You Love
It ain't like that!
the gym (for Pretty Little Bare Feet's gymnastics - I exercise at home alone! LOL),
I just got home from Alt Design Summit. I feel so inspired! I will be sharing some of the fabulous people I met and things I learned over the next week.
So to start at the beginning...through the Cook Eat Share Website, one of the contributors, John Spottiswood put up a recipe for Potato Pancakes.
... the incredibly cute puppy is a signed up member of Al Qaeda, and is evidence of the canine extremism crisis sweeping our nation... there have been calls for state government to outlaw canine terrorism, before too late... evidence of 'evil dog' training camps in the Victorian countryside... etc etc
As they board the plane, I find out that while they are all in marching band together, they are in town for a robotics competition (height of the high school social ladder right there). I am happy to escape them and settle into my window seat, when one of the students sits in the aisle seat. An older woman approaches our row and points out that she has the middle seat (separating me and the high school boy), but she's happy to take the aisle if he wants to sit with his "friend", meaning me! Yes, she thought I, a mid-20s career woman, was with the high school kiddos. The student and I look at each other, and then I say "Um, I don't know him." She then gets embarrassed and apologizes, saying "Sorry, I thought you were with that group--well, we'll all know each other by the end of this flight!" Cue me putting my headphones in and sleep mask on. Best nap ever.
I am clearing things out and preparing for the dreaded carpet steam cleaning I do before the holidays. One of my least favorite things but with dogs I hate all the hair. So steam cleaning helps to freshen the air around here as well as the carpets. Even though I vacuum it can still linger of puppy around here. Some sprays help but not long lasting. So steam cleaning is the only cure. LOL
Anna’s visit with Santa
Boot Color (used Patons Astra Dark Tan)
The last baby of the recent boom is due in just a few weeks.
Me, ignoring the fact he hadn’t specified a particular book: “Are there? Total, or different words?”
My first though was to use the playing card, along with a playing card to create a card!!
AGAIN!
“Interesting.” I said. “would you break-up with someone if I told you to? Even if you felt I was wrong?” trying to gauge just how much power I had without knowing it.
I am a liar. Yeah. I admit, sometimes. But I ended up speaking the truth because I suck at lying. It was super obvious when I lie, so yeah.
It is expected the move will be welcomed by businesses and industrial interests in the mid-west, who believe that independence from the DAA is in the best interests of the future viability of Shannon Airport.
The interviews are restricted (more or less) to discussions about the artist’s craft, how a movie was made rather than what marriage was broken up on the set. I enjoy the articles on how a movie was filmed even as I understand how much they are commercials for the movie. I like reading about what the new Coldplay album sounds like even though I know they're only giving this interview just to sell more records.
The best thing you can do is – write, write, and write some more! Need some incentive? Try this – Write or Die – clever!
Well, actually, all over the region!
OK I hear you say, this isn’t brain surgery, why are you telling me this? Take a look around your home. There may be paintings done by the kids but what else is there? My son was playing being a pirate one day and asked if I had any treasure. Of course I have, I told him but he was very surprised that it did not contain any jewellery rather my Weight Watchers card which showed how much weight I had lost, his milk teeth, an old playing card that I got on an excellent night out. None of these treasures has any intrinsic value, but they are priceless too.
Amidst the laughter, my brother took over, and headed for a little outcrop, and attempted to hurl the rest into the gale... He also got liberally coated.
Have we been misinformed, are there some instances where you are actually warmer naked? I have observed the same thing in Sydney a beautiful Winter day that sees us head for the beach and people rugged up with scarves and coats. Have they got the calendar mixed up with the weather forecast?
This dish was my mum's favourite vegetable dish for visiting relatives and friends. To her this dish is special and should be served to guests.I have added Brussels sprout to the dish. You can add your own favourite vegetables.
Of course, here in craft starved Southern Ireland I have been completely unable to find any wooden boxes or even plain boxes. I found a supplier online but they don't post here..typical!
‘Nothing like going anywhere, whether it is to Singapore or China,’ he said. ‘It is easy to sit here and read things that may have a particular political point of view, written from a certain perspective and find it persuasive.
Easy question, what do you do outside of work?
Give us a listen and let us know what you think.
And I can keep it as a treasure, whenever things go wrong!
The purchaser of a licence for a program is entitled, as a rule, to observe, study or test its functioning so as to determine the ideas and principles which underlie that program
Of course back in 2010, it was Ed Vaizey that was harping on about it, but now Cameron has taken up the cause in order to appease the “conservative” ninnies of the UK. But guess what’s happened since 2010?
I could say that my talents lend more from my parents who are both advertisers and managers. And perhaps, there is some teacher blood in my family since two of my aunts are teachers, and my great grandfather was once the Minister for Public Instruction. I never made much of this legacy, but history has its way.
once deceived
"That's okay," I said. I didn't want to get into trouble for impersonating a relative. "I need to go. Pressed for time. Thank you."
Lastly, no dual wielding! 343 had problems making dual wielding balanced to the other weapons. They had it at first in halo 4, because they like it. However, they want it to be as balanced as possible. In halo Reach the pistol is a pretty strong weapon and definately not weak. So, you have to think about it, two powerful pistols againsts like a DMR? In order to make it balanced they would have to make the pistol very weak. So, I am kinda disapointed but it makes a lot of sense why they could not add it into halo 4.
and B. their vinyl is cheap.
“There, did you see it! Did you see IT!!!” I cried excitedly to Anne, as we left the shop. “Now That was The Look! A good one too. Did you see it?”
It was when I found a lady who run a business renting wall space to crafters, that I began to make some pretty good money. Those who make and sell crafts are well aware that the hard part of crafting is setting the prices of your finished projects. In addition to covering the expense of your materials, you have to figure how much your time is worth.
What is the strangest thing you have ever seen? I once lived in a house that I thought was haunted. Flickering lights, banging noises, and strange voices. I have a suspicion that it may have been one of my brothers playing a prank, but at the time, I was scared silly. Nevertheless, it left me with the idea that anything is possible.
Brand new ones run from $3 to 20. This one from the container store is $7.99
In general, I like the fact that the MoMA is offering alternative views of history for us to examine and evaluate; we'd be bored by the same old anointing of champions. But if you're looking for Ansel Adams, Edward Weston, Irving Penn, or many other household names, this show will both sorely disappoint you and perhaps open your eyes to some new perspectives. While its overarching scholarly theme gets stretched thin in places, the exhibit does provide a coherent outline of the development of avant-garde ideas in photography and their ongoing and continued relevance to the evolution of the medium. The story peters out a bit toward the end, but that may have more to do with the ever changing definitions of what is in and outside the mainstream and the atomisation of trends, than with any lack of pushing the edges of the artistic envelope.
While Joe and Ellen are at the game, Tommy and Michael get drunk. Tommy says, if another male lion threatens to take away a lion's mate, he tears him apart. When Ellen and Joe return from the game, Tommy tells them that he wants to knock Joe out.
‘No, it’s still your day off’.
The murder made world headlines, and four South Africans have been arrested, one (the taxidriver) sentenced to 18 years in prison. Dewani was allowed to return to Britain, but the SA Police subsequently charged him with being the mastermind. He says he is being used as a scapegoat to protect South Africa's tourism industry.
PIYO: I don’t think so, putar. He is trim and fit and his wife Carla admires his physique. Moreover he did make it clear that it was only on account on Tibet that he might, possibly, boycott the games.
As always, if you believe these rules may apply to you then it is preferable to seek financial advice to discuss your particular situation in detail, especially as the new rules will, in theory, affect how you are declaring certain income and assets on your current tax returns.
A small aside. Sitting in the gunroom after stalking, the stalker told how he’d once admired a guest’s elderly rifle. ‘Still in perfect condition,’ the stalker remarked. ‘Where did you get it?’
And they were more than ready for the camera! They just ATE.IT.UP!~ There were a few times I just could not help but giggle when they busted into their best America's Next Top Model poses with no shame! We also grabbed a few headshots for little Miss L. And let me tell you, the entertainment industry would be a better place with more personalities like little Miss L!
The book tells the story of how Dr Rhineheart a respected therapist becomes bored of his of life after suffering with writers block on a whim one night chose to leave the choices he makes & personalities he should play in this life up to the roll of a dice.
Ah, it was lovely on my walk this morning. Plus 3, cloudy skies, but you could see them clearing nicely with a blush of pink in the west. Maybe today I’ll brave a pair of capri’s — or, a skirt. Decisions, decisions.
“Let’s give it a day,” Hood was contemplative. “Load up. Leave under cover of darkness. Travel at night, lights out. Take the back roads.”
We have a bit of a landmark challenge this week. This is Kaboodle Doodles 100th Challenge! We want to thank all of you so much for playing along with us and making it so much fun each week. It wouldn't be the same without you and we look forward to seeing more of all of you in the weeks and months to come. THANK YOU!
( no pets were harmed during the taking of this photo. .. lol she never puts chews on the lids or rings so we don't worry about her swallowing them).
Thank you so much for dropping by!
Anyway, the postman brought me a lovely treat this week, a copy of Janet Gover’s new book The Farmer Wants a Wife. Especially lovely, as although it was on my ‘to buy’ list, I actually won the book in a competition run by Nell Dixon on her blog to celebrate the launch of her new LBD book, ‘Animal Instincts’. I love LBD books (and if you’re not familiar with LBD, then all I can say is ‘where have you been!?’) I’m really enjoying Janet’s novel, so many thanks to both Nell and Janet for the treat.
…After 30 minutes of walking through the “off the grid” West Village…
There have been many moments in my life where beer was involved that I look back and think "Why on earth did I do that?". It would not be wise to share most of those moments on the internet for all to see, but will confess to a guilty beer pleasure I discovered the time I took my family on vacation to San Diego last year.
that for the first time in weeks, I am really alone.
We haven't fallen that far have we?
Tandoor Indian Cuisine – And this one is the wildcard in the Lincoln Indian food equation. Tandoor is located out at 33rd and Old Cheney, a 15 minute drive from the downtown area so it’s easy to forget about. That said, several good friends of mine swear they’re the best in Lincoln. This is a more typical suburan Indian restaurant, so the atmosphere isn’t quite on par with either of the downtown restaurants, but, again, the food is good and casual can be really nice sometimes.
I originally bought this to put on top of the tree but the boys didn't want to stray from tradition. That was a win for me because I love my star and this allowed me to feature it here. One day on a whim I threw a piece of styrofoam into this pot, stuck in the star and filled with reindeer moss. Perfect!
If you are interested please send a CV and covering letter stating your experience and suitability for the job to scrap365@traplet.com. Potentially suitable candidates will be asked to come into the offices for interview and to complete a practical test.
Your labour will return with the warmth of spring.
some of the time....then it's starts going nuts, it has no clue who I am...what????
Dear Parents of the adorable albeit rather annoying toddler at the department store:
Net Neutrality that lets an ISP block bittorrent is not neutrality in any form.
Lessons from Social Entrepreneurs: How to Add Value to Your Organization and Career conference, April 21 10-3:30 PM
Beyond that, sausage is convenience food. You can buy them one at a time. You can freeze them and break them out (or break off a link) to add flavor to dinner. My new find was the chorizo, Mexican and Argentine, at Family Market in Columbia. Those make great tacos or omelets.
I’m not a sound bite,
"Coming Into Los Angeles" by Arlo Guthrie
Then all of these bits n bobs!! Lots of crocheted flowers and butterflies, ami eyes, nose and some stitch markers,lots of buttons and bells and two really sweet ladybug pegs! Beautiful ribbons (the picture does not do them justice, it came out too fuzzy, but they are gorgeous).And then Hello Kitty Goodness! The Hello Kitty in the bag is so sweet!
~ I wold be totally lost without my friends! with limited family they are the family I can choose.
Then there is the influence of American eating habits creeping into Korean food in America. Vegetables are the backbone of Korean cuisine, as Korea has more than 1,000 edible vegetables and herbs. Korea also has a huge variety of seasonal fish, thanks to the fact that it is surrounded by the ocean on three sides. To keep those vegetables and fish for a long period of time, Koreans have developed a number of pickling and fermentation methods that add a great deal of complexity to those ingredients. (Kimchi is the prime example of this.) In a typical Korean meal, vast majority of the food served will be vegetables or fish, and a lot of them are pickled and/or fermented. But in America, Korean BBQ is the de facto representative of Korean cuisine. Nary a fermented side dish (which invariably takes much more effort to make) can be found. In a disturbing trend, the newer, more "hip" Korean restaurants are doing away with the last vestige of vegetables in Korean BBQ by getting rid of the lettuce wraps that would always accompany the meat.
Summer brings with it many beautiful things if one looks beyond the terrible heat waves.
I miss you. I remember with fondness my teenage years when I could sleep well past 10am. I was the child who had to be woken up most Christmas mornings because I knew deep down that the presents would still be there at 9am. Much to the chagrine of my brother and parents. Move into my college days. Allnighters studying, late night talks with the roomies, and what were my favorite post midnight memories? John and I would spend half the night on the phone. I went to Union and we had these things called curfews. So, after curfew we would end our nights out 'on the phone.' These phones were attached to cords. Yes, pre-cellphone conversations. We would talk about life, future, our pasts, there was nothing that was off limits. I could still find you sleep. An afternoon nap after classes. Sleeping late on Saturday mornings. We were still very good friends back then.
By Elizabeth Shugg
~buy in bulk, and when on sale: compare prices, but depending on the sale, you will pay much less for it if you buy in a liter or two liter bottle or in cans.
June 26 Columbus, OH @ Lifestyle Communities Pavilion
"A truly remarkable book, profound and deeply moving! This first person account of a lifelong seeker’s apprenticeship with Shun Yuan, a gentle Western-born Adept of the Tao and Taiji martial arts, enthralls the reader both as a teaching story and an introduction to as remarkable a man as any hero out of fiction. In the end, one is left with a sublime sense of inevitability and peace. An amazing achievement!"
We are millions upon millions of voices
We've just barely started researching.
1. Over The Wall
4. Sick of My Shadow
Actually, when I think about it there are way more than 3 things which frustrate me in this way. Lots of stories about bonuses payed to bankers who have brought about the credit crunch, and many other things all add to my frustation.
when it comes to overall perfection
I picked Troy because he was the better athlete, while they picked him because he was "cuter". Whatever.
It is targeted to achieve 45 conference events in 2012 with an economic impact of RM17.6bil.
COMMENT: Now that is imaginative and creative. Just like God. So may God bless Father Dy and his work. Mind you an All Souls service presided over by a priest called "Dy" is a bit halloweenish, don't you think?
The framework I have established here has now reached that point. Thus, I will make the observation hinted at already i.e., all de-Islamization measures undertaken under Options 2 and 3 could also be considered to fall under Option 1. If two thousand unfortunate Muslims were to be killed in Birmingham, would that not induce many others to consider booking flights back to Islamabad, Dhaka, or Mogadishu? If this is the case, then how can Option 1 and Option 3 be considered discrete, separate alternatives?
There are many awful jobs, cleaning pig pens or cold-call sales for instance, but high on the list must be leading weekly orientation sessions. Repeating the same information every time, answering the same insipid questions, forcing a smile every damn week when some self-amused joker cracks wise at the start of Q&A by asking, "When do we get paid?" Ha, ha, ha! Ha, ha, ha...ha. Sigh. Someone jam a pair of forceps in my brainstem and stir vigorously. That's what I'd say if I had the job.
Because few others in your society have the knowledge you do, reactions of the masses to forthcoming profound truths, reforms and the introduction of other members of the universal family will be confusion, denial and varying degrees of fear. Your calming influence will be greatly needed, and as we often have stated, you are well prepared not only to deal with whatever you encounter, but to help all who are willing to accept it. It is not necessary to know the missions you chose in soul contracts — when occasions are presented, you will see that your spiritual strength, wisdom and experiences in multiple lifetimes will be at your fingertips.
We are a month into the new financial year and after the rush to the last year-end a more strategic and considered view of the NHS’ needs for BI is emerging, with the other two drivers (in addition to EPR) being the austerity versus productivity debate and the ability to implement strategic responses to the failures (not failure per se) of the national programme. Last year CIOs were thinking about this and building business cases – this year is the time to begin execution.
She looked up from her book when she heard me entering. Her face turned red with fury. She was staring piercingly into my eyes and all the feelings I felt earlier immediately faded. Reality sank in and I felt intimidated.
The different parts of a homemade firearm can easily be concealed in various places, making it difficult for the average policeman to identify the device, or a part thereof, as being a “firearm”.
07. You Are the Sunshine of My Life - Stevie Wonder / 2:50
So long everybody...
There. I can't make it more plain than that. In a world where Percy Jackson And The Lightning Thief gets a sequel, I think this is one instance where people (and studios) learned their lesson and stopped at Installment #1 of their franchise.
Another thing that is getting to me is I really can’t decide if I should keep Lucky. I’ve never given a pet away and am actually totally anti giving your pets away. But I just can’t stand this cat. I’ve slept at my parent’s the last few nights (and had to go there at about midnight one night) cause Lucky meows so much and I’ve been exhausted! Kitty is the same old cat she’s always been now that she’s back at my mom and dad’s and away from Lucky. Lucky also will not stop biting me ALL the time (literally, he bites my legs repeatedly while I get ready in the morning and make lunch). He’s scratching the paint off the doors. I spent another $60 taking Kitty to another vet appointment cause her eye still hasn’t healed from Lucky clawing it (accidentally, but still). I just want my loving Kitty back, who sits in my lap and never meows and never bites and never runs away when I pet her. And I want SILENCE in this house and I don’t want to be bit 100 times a morning! I have tried to ignore him (for two months). I’ve just started spraying him with water two weeks ago with no improvement. I’ve now started hitting him because seriously, I can’t fucking stand the cat anymore. And he’s ruining my favorite cat ever, Kitty! I either need to declaw him (for $350, so he stops ruining my apartment and stops clawing Kitty) or get rid of him (after spending $400 now on vet bills for Kitty for incurred costs, plus the $100 it cost to adopt him). I’m really stuck between the two. With how he bites though, he could never be around a baby. He does it lovingly and playfully, but he does it out of the blue and it’d be dangerous to a baby. So what will I do when I have kids? I’d take him back to the humane society because honestly, I couldn’t give another person this horrible cat. He drives me fucking insane. And I have NO clue what to do right now, even after racking my brain for the entire week about it.
-Rapid aging. *Keep in mind with the radiation from Japan spreading around the world, many are rapidly ageing…. but i mean.. extreme rapid ageing.
Rod Aitchison of the City of Hamilton's traffic engineering department said there is no advance left turn signal in any direction at Governor's Road and Ogilvie. He said pedestrians are also permitted to cross on a green light, while traffic can turn left through their path.
- a photo session from Amber Engfer Photography
What is the occasion?
I am very positive that there will certainly be a next one, so start thinking about what you would like to share with us. I will keep you all updated.
The Holy Spirit is a very attractive thing. When a young woman’s (or anyone’s) identity and confidence–not arrogance–rests in her Creator, it’s a very attractive thing. When the Spirit seals us (Ephesians 1:13) at the moment of salvation, we become new creatures who begin to bear the fruit of that which now defines us: the Holy Spirit. The spirit of death that reigned in us now remains dead and we are now governed by the love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, and self control that lies in the person and character of the Holy Spirit.
beautiful ribbons and a seed pod with beads
"He didn't!" I collected my materials and muttered my way to the door.
An article based on whether or not the wristwatch is dying out due to the advances in electronics like the mobile phone and MP3 player. Also what major manufacturers like Casio are doing to combat the increasing percentage of young people who do not need or want a watch.
Since I am no longer much of a consumer of contemporary pop music, and have never been a consumer of European pop music to any large extent, Popkomm doesn't have much to do with me other than the fact that the executives of SXSW in Austin, for whom I do occasional work, come to town. Since these guys are old friends of mine, it's an excuse to hang out with them, hear their stories, and have a couple of very good meals.
Aghast, I tried to explain to the young lad that I was only joking, that he should return to his seat and dress himself immediately, that walking around in a place of learning in just a pair of boxer shorts was not appropriate behaviour, and that I was very cross with him.
This is my version of a drink I like (Chambord Sour) in a cupcake. It is a mixture of lemon, blackberries and Chambord. However, if you are worried about an alcohol taste (as my husband was), there really is none. And I think if you took out the Chambord and left everything else the same, it would still be a very yummy cupcake.
The pictures I’m posting here gives you a sense of what it looks like, and I was looking forward to being able to hold it and write in it, but what I wasn’t expecting was the smell. It smells fantastic – a sort of “old library” scent of dusty books and leather.
Focus will be on ramping up stores opened last year and increasing the share of private labels. Further efforts are on to work towards growing Hypercity profitably and expects the same to breakeven at PAT level only by FY15.
05 - Canción del Quenero (3:47)
Adapted from a recipe Peanut Butter Love Haze by Robin Kimble.
Are there any other Icelandic artists you respect and admire?Elvar J. Guðmundsson, bass: Ólafur Arnolds. He's getting big in Germany and all over the world.
We finally find Jonah and Stiletta walking up to the cave (Let's see, twelve miles at three miles an hour is four hours, but they are injured so let's say six hours later). They rig up a torch and head into the cave and quickly find the pool of clean water. However, they also find...
Customers CAN, and in most cases DO, come armed with a LOT of knowledge before they enter the showroom floor.
my Anthropic principle,
