Which could actually also be seen as a compliment. It was really well written.
~ Keziah Ridgeway
“The only impact RGGI has made so far is they have raised energy prices and created a slush fund for each member state,” Arnold explained. And according to his letter, “the fact that global warming isn’t even real” won’t prevent the “climate change scam” from spreading to other states. And he’s right — it’s already happening.
Given that I’m one broke lady at the moment, buying a whole bunch of shit for the front garden didn’t really seem like a viable option. But there was candy, oh yes, there was candy. I didn’t take pics of the kids that came to the door in their various outfits (soooo cute!) because that would definitely have been considered weird here, but I participated, and loved the ritual of it. They knock. You open. They say “Trick or treeeeeeeeat!”. You hold out your bowl of candy. Then the most difficult part of the ritual takes place: choosing! This piece…no, no…*this* one…but I like that one too…ermmmmm… Why? Another rule: kids are only meant to take one piece of candy per house. And the kids are actually very good about it! I was blown away! No little fists reaching in and grabbing as much as they could; just a look, moment of internal conflict, resolution, selection. Following by Mom or Dad adding from the back: what do you say? “Thank yoooooou!” It’s really kinda cool. Apparently, some people, if they are going to another house to hand out candy with friends, will just leave a big tub of candy on their porch with a sign that says: Please only take one. Seriously! Yet another reason why this would never work in SA!!!! It might not always be that honest (see the advert below) but it’s still a damn side more “decent” than what would happen at home, methinks…
but no big deal if it is on the inside as nest will hide it.)
Do whatever feels good to you, what I am going to do is post 5 things I am grateful for every Wednesday leading up to Thanksgiving. It's a fun tradition I hope you will share with me! So here I go:
I want to share with you some Crazy Quilted tags I created
Here’s how that interaction went:
Jonas is a hand washer but he also believes that touching things again can neutralise things:
1 1/2 c. milk
The police, Mdluli and Lazarus did not respond to any requests for comment.
Matt.
Exactly one year after Tom Solomon meets Violet Barnes, he surprises her with a ring. By all accounts, Tom and Violet are destined for their happily ever after. However, this engaged couple just keep getting tripped up on the long walk down the aisle.
Serious question, what in god’s name is so interesting about The Hunger Games? I mean, all it is really is a bunch of kids killing other kids. It has the exact same concept that the Japanese movie, Battle Royal, has. The movie itself is lacking in gory deaths and it just has to contain the friggin romance. Didn’t we get enough of that crap in the Twilight series?
Take Initiative. Research:
“Affirmative, sir,” Tanner stood and held his hands out to the fire. “Have a good night.”
And then this little girl beckoned me to listen up. Ahhhh.... now THAT I like! One of my little authentic cow sign labels save the day.
201 Marden Hill Thelonious (Ashley Beedle Mix)
Fortunately, I had trip cancellation insurance, so I can take the money and buy another tour sometime in the yet-to-be determined future. In the meantime, I'll put the China novel on the back burner and get to work on the other novel I'm writing. The first chapter will be a bear. But after that, it'll be a hoot.
When will we look at ourselves and say my demise is by my design.
But if things have changed — e.g., one of you used to party too much, causing rows, but now has calmed down — then you have a chance of it working.
Here's the trailer I made for the book. I filmed it (well, all except the underwater scene!) around the Farne Islands in waters full of seals...
I will give DC one piece of praise: he was a fine game show host. Game show hosts can be brilliant (witness John Daly) or witty (Steve Allen) or just utterly charming (Garry Moore, Allen Ludden, Bill Cullen), but they don’t really need to be. Dick Clark was a great choice to host the COMPLETE ripoff of
It was a traumatic event but I was able to move on with little to none complications && now at the age of 21 I have been diagnosed with Hypertension High Blood Pressure just this passed weekend.
1 ball pizza dough (love Trader Joe’s for this)
Date: Monday, February 6th, 2012
To prepare for the visit they might hastily try to persuade the child to produce some 'work' and in so doing, the child's curiosity and natural love of learning - such a fragile thing - can be lost. When the visitor announces their return in three, six or twelve months, this invariably feels like a threat that if something specific is not produced or achieved before the next visit, the provision will be 'failed' - even if those words are not explicit. In this way, the control of the child's learning passes from the child himself to the Local Authority liaison person and the parents have inadvertently failed in their inherent duty to protect the child's intrinsic motivation, because that is what is at stake.
By the time we arrived back home any unwanted thoughts had disappeared into the fresh air (Bruce said if it didn't involve food it wasn't really worth talking about) and I'm back to "normal". . .albeit aided and abetted this evening by a glass of chammy- purely medicinal of course!
Smart phone
Watching her sleep under the sheen of early morning light, he can't remember what happened the night before. He can see the faint outline her body makes under the sheets; shadows fall dark in the concave of her waist, sunlight splashes against the curve of her hip. She is curled towards him, her head tucked under his chin. Lying together on his mattress, he tries to remember her name.
Whipped Orange Cream
I lunge forward.
Taylor, appointed by the ESDC at the end of November after a 203-day wait, got high marks for his accessibility--CBN co-chair Candace Carponter said he always answered the phone. But several among the 60 or so people at St. Cyril's Belarusian Cathedral on Atlantic Avenue found him not-so-reassuring when he repeated the ESDC stance on issues of security and traffic.
But I don’t hate you, I pity you.. I pity myself
“Her acting, if closely scrutinized, was seen to have been studied; yet it always seemed spontaneous; her handsome, ingenuous, winning countenance informed it with sympathy, while her voice – copious, tender, and wonderfully musical – filled it with emotion, speaking always from the heart.”
It always involved the acronym GOYA — Get Off Your Ass! — as in, yes you actually have to leave the newsroom and the building.
A morning email from a friend in Idaho talks of watching the debates and I think about the level of incivility that has invaded politics, and I feel sad that these people are all auditioning for a “leadership” role. What is the real world and what is the dream? Sometimes it seems so backward. So I hold close to the whisper of a feeling, attached to the last thought of the dream and the first thought of the day: “remember the fidelity of kindness.”
a ribbon between us,
This offer is only open until the 14th September, so get in there before Eid!
BubTar started tennis lessons this month. The school district offers a program where elementary kids go to the local high schools and learn a little tennis from the coaches and students, probably with the hope they will want to join the program when they get to high school. Oliver! was at this campus and BubTar's student instructor was in the play with him AND remembered him. He loved that. He isn't a very sporty kid, but so far, he likes tennis.
Stuff that coerces and forces Americans to do what the State tells them to do based on crank "science" or just plain in your face nannyism (fascism, totalitarianism, socialism, Obamunism, etc.) be it "green" energy, government bailouts (takeovers) or Obama"care" to name just a few.
You’ll join the high fliers who soar to high heights.
STEP AWAY FORM THE CHOCOLATE MOUSSE - NOW!!!!!!!
promulgation of eternal passion. That is just being in love, which any
He wouldn't tell me what we were doing.
- the “Clean Blue Industry Standard” CBIS – to help provide beach operators with the information and guidance to effectively manage the beaches of Asia – Pacific.
I was in a salsa-filled pool, resting on top of a giant piece of corn tortilla, sipping my weight in horchata. You guessed it: I was ready to head to Mexico.
When I still had PC I got used to have 2 monitors, so that's why there's an extra one plugged in my Macbook.
The show begins with a pre-show tape before “Raving And Drooling” with the Irving Berlin tune whistle. It’s not too audible on this show but on the tape for the next show in Seattle, it’s very clear and can be heard on Dark Side Last Tour (Highland HL571/572). Pink Floyd deliver a very slow and tentative rendition of the song. “You Gotta Be Crazy” fares a bit better. It has more liveliness to it an the dream-scape created by the guitar melody works well in both recordings.
you ever saw what there was to see
- “Current pace” function is useless. It appears to be the least reliable out of all of the pace functions (you can choose between current, lap, or entire run). Again, not a huge deal, and not one of my motivating factors to buy the watch.
So I was talking to my dear father about Custard Creams. You know, those biscuits? The ones that taste neither like custard or cream? Yeah, we discussed those.
Beyond that, not much is known about Gibbes, who was born into wealth in Charleston but died in relative obscurity in Pendleton. Les McCall, executive director of the Pendleton Historic Foundation, said researchers never located an obituary for her, and her burial was not included among the St. Paul’s churchyard records.
Sharon Doubiago: Author of South America Mi Hija, nominated twice for National Book Award and was named the Best Book of the Year by the LA Weekly; The Book of Seeing which was named one of The Ten Best Books of 1988 by The Bloomsbury Review, received Gloria Steinem’s Woman Writer Award, and The Woman Writer Genius Award from The Kentucky Foundation for Women, plus more.
I can unleash bitter torment or beckon peace to heal,
“Central America’s entire Pacific coastline is suffering from a chronic kidney disease that is wasting away our people, especially those in agriculture, and delivering a blow to our national budgets,” El Salvador’s health minister, Dr. María Isabel Rodríguez, explained during an internationl WHO conference held last February in Mexico City.
Preeti Jhangiani (born 18 August 1980 in Bangalore, Karnataka) is an Indian actress and model. She is fluent in Kannada, Sindhi, Hindi, English. She studied in Jai Hind College, Mumbai where her older sister Deepa studied as well. Her mother is the vice-principal of the junior college section of Jai Hind College.
“I’m prepared to spend this money, but I’m also prepared to eliminate other expenditures,” said Councillor Sam Merulla.
This look is inspired by the May issue of Lucky: “a crisp white cotton shirt is a simple and unexpected counterpoint to an elegant, frilly skirt. To really play up your waist, add a wide leather belt.”
Putting my ideas on paper was much easier for me to categorize all the types of foods we stash in our fridge. And that way I didn't have to wrap myself in blankets while I stand in awe in front of our open fridge....
by Miriam
On second thought, I think I’ll pass on the omelet, I think I’ll have the blueberry pancakes instead.
ever do, but my DIL asked for a wall hanging and that began
1 empty
Where has the time gone?
When you’re in love
*shudders* Other people might find sections like that a little ridiculous, but for me it brought out all those nightmares you have as a child. Adding in real passages of terror, where the unseen killer commits his murders, just increases the fear factor for me. I had to have the light on last night after reading this into the wee small hours. And I had to keep checking to convince myself that the snow hadn't started to fall.
It was already animated and runs with 54 episodes (latest). On the other hand the manga already climbs up to 230 chapters however english translation for this manga is a bit slow that in only covers up to chaoter 190 being the latest chapter translated.
Amen, and amen.
after meal, the driver officially drove us to Beijing.
It is estimated that 6 million people die each year of trauma, 400,000 of them in hospitals. But, a study published earlier this month in BMC Emergency Medicine estimated that wider use of tranexamic acid could save up to 128,000 of those people a year, including 4,000 in the U.S. alone.
..or at least Tumbledown.
So, to take these in turn: the continuity of it inequality is hidden from us by a constant blather directed at us about lottery winners, achievement, self-improvement, success, rags to riches stories and the like. A martian could be forgiven for thinking that our society is like a saucepan full of boiling peas, with the peas on the bottom racing to the top and the peas on the top racing to the bottom, all in some kind of joyous bubbly circulation. The metaphor couldn't be more wrong. Much more accurate would be something like a moussaka with its thick creamy crusty layer on top and a huge chunk of spiced minced lamb underneath.
Dear Lisa:
The story follows Homer’s poetic version of ‘The Fall of Troy’ (the Illiad), but for the semblance of detail Fone has created a fictional chronicler, Dionysos of Tenedos. It is a clever device that effectively fills-in the gaps in Homer’s overview.
I know this, but I will forget it each and every time. This . . . this wilderness is my refining, the giving up of my will for His, my life for His, my ways for His.
It had taken over a year since she had woken for the priests to be sure that Shamundi would not simply pass away in her sleep from the injuries. A year Brulee had spent close to her sister, hoping that she would wake so they could share some words, a year she spent helping with the reconstruction with all her mind’s focus on the healing of her sister, a healing she could not perform. How powerless she felt because of it.
Carly and Sam are fishing. In Carly’s coffee table.
I can remember never wanting to attend church because I never felt "good enough."
It took me some time to work out what to do for this SAL. I thought about doing them as ornaments, then as christmas cards, or even little cushions... but nothing really grabbed me as the ideal "vehicle" to show the lovely designs off until the IKEA Christmas catalogue dropped into the post box.
I put together this kit for about $11.00. Got everything cheap because I bought in bulk. I've made about 80 of them, not to sell but to give away to students I teach at college (highest grade gets a kit), and to friends, family and such. I've had formal survival training, as I was in the Air Force and flew in planes for a living. Good instructor's, those Air Force survival dudes. They let us make our own kits before going out into the wild and mine was quite successful. I'm a Cody Lundin disciple (if you buy his books from his website, he'll sign them!) and believe a small kit like this one will keep your ass alive.
Mrs. Obama is today expected to unveil a new food access commitment involving farmers markets and local sourcing from the Walgreens corporation, when she speaks at 2:45 PM at a Walgreens store located at 11 East 75th Street in Chicago. The store is one of the prototype food desert revamps, and now offers healthy foods alongside its pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, and paper products.
Call it my little attempt to shift things (minds, paradigms, prejudices, antiquated beliefs) so stories, understanding, compassion and cooperation start going both ways as well.
- Meek Mill’s debut album Dreams & Nightmares, August 28th.
Even more telling is a comment from Nurettin Veren, Gulen’s right hand man for 35 years, who said: “These schools are like shop windows. Recruitment and Islamization are carried out through night classes.
If you deliver late, there will be less time for everyone else to work on your book, so there's a good chance it will be a worse book. Those people aren't messing with your book for the hell of it - their job is to improve it. Yes, it can be improved.
So I will eat many meals to nourish me.
And amazingly, as terrified as I still am, and sad for the loss of the life I thought I had, the bounce has started.
That word. Yes. The "F" Word.
Gordon Harries on Red Harvest
There's an interesting post here about the production of cover artwork for Faber's reissues of famous poetry collections. Interesting mainly because Faber's covers have come in for some criticism in recent years (some people love the minimalist tendency, others loathe it) – but these are just fabulous. I covet the books even though I already own other editions.
I’ve had the borscht here before – despite being fresh and delicious, I’ve noted a couple of times that instead of being hot, it’s more like lukewarm. What you want to get is the pierogi – they’re definitely different from the dumplings that my Russian grandmother so lovingly makes, but they’re still delicious. They come in 3 varieties: beef&chicken, mushroom&saurkraut or cheese&potato. I can personally vouch that all of these are the height of deliciousness; they’re hot, juicy and full of flavour.
Common working class demands should issue forth from independent class struggle organizations to guide the working class into taking actions that lead to class power!
I know that I wouldn’t send a daughter of mine to a school like GHS. It was far too pressured. I would consider a girls’ school that wasn’t so hell-bent on fantastic exam results though. If I could afford it I would definitely s like to send my children to private schools because I believe, perhaps controversially given that I’ll be finishing my PGCE this year – that the independent sector is still far superior to comprehensive education. Of course, if I lived in an area where there were grammar schools I’d try to get them in there.
You know when an idea seems really good at the time? Those really well thought through ideas, like that sudden urge to try and climb a tree on the way home from the pub. Or a take away from a place that you just know you shouldn’t touch with a barge pole. How can an idea seem so good at the time of inception and be so shambolic after you’ve carried it out?
of metal
I'm back in business with new Lewis bags. Although it's not the only option we have around the house for crushing ice, gripping the handle of that enormous maul and bringing its head down on a bag of ice remains my favorite.
While you are waiting, mix the sauce ingredients together and set aside.
Even social networking giant "Facebook" is putting in place a new way for members to send an alert that another member has threatened suicide on their website. CLICK HERE to visit the "Suicide" help page on Facebook.
The sun erupted Tuesday evening, and the most noticeable effects should arrive here between 1 a.m. and 5 a.m. EST Thursday, according to forecasters at the space weather center. The effects could linger through Friday morning.
* 1 cup grated Colby
Laken Orender was born today! He came in at a stunning 6lbs. 11oz. Alicia and Laken are doing great. Liam got to hold Laken and kept saying, "He's growing!" Patrick said that Laken looks just like Liam when he was born. He's destined to be adorable.
Bell Peppers, 2 pcs, cut into small pieces
To participate simply leave a comment on their facebook page - Strident publishing saying why you'd like the book... The contest will end next Friday 27th August when they will choose 3 winners at random.
This hesitancy to divulge makes total sense. The number in your checking account or on your credit card bill is personal. Plus, because people rarely talk about this there is also the nagging fear of whether your numbers match up with what everyone else has. And god forbid they don't. What does that mean? I know I can get anxious just thinking that maybe everyone else on the planet is saving gajillions more dollars than me or that my credit card balance is exponentially larger. Yikes. Makes me nervous just to think about. Given this money shroud of secrecy and all of the feelings wrapped up in what each number means, it can be HARD to talk money with your significant other. Damn hard.
ASIAN VEGETABLES
I’ve just had a job interview!
Sat, 10:03pm: Merde. Ghana scored.
The clay shrine is decorated with an elaborate façade, including two guardian lions, two pillars, a main door, beams of the roof, folded textile and three birds standing on the roof. Two of these elements are described in Solomon’s Temple: the two pillars (Yachin and Boaz) and the textile (Parochet).
The workshop was held at the Bozeman Public Library, a new building -- very green, very gorgeous, full of art and natural lighting, a snowy spring day in Montana. (Yes, I said SNOW!)
HOUSTON, July 27, 2011 – Saint Arnold Brewing Company (www.saintarnold.com), the oldest craft brewery in Texas, today reported record first half production of more than 17,000 barrels of beer. The Houston brewery is due to expand production in the second half of 2011 with the addition of four 240-barrel fermenters to keep pace with increasing demand throughout Texas and Louisiana.
“Sleepy Time Down South”
De Pauw, E.; Wu, W.
Below, it isn’t dark.
“Sun Xu has become the unwitting scapegoat for the government’s pro-foreigner education policies. Singaporeans are baying for his blood now not because they have anything personal against him, but that they are extremely unhappy with the current policy of giving scholarships to foreigners, many of whom are actually pretty well to do.”
I seriously can't stand spending money on utilities so I have a running game that I play with myself where I try to get my water, gas and electric bills down lower and lower each month! I take shorter showers and hold off until I have a full load of laundry in order to keep the water bill down. I wear a sweatshirt and socks and put another blanket on my bed rather than turn on the heater to keep the gas bill low. I wash in cold water, line dry my laundry, use the ceiling fans instead of the air conditioner, AND, as my dad used to tell us when we were little kids...I 'turn the lights off in rooms that I'm not using!' (He used to say, "Who do you think I am, Mr Edison?")
Beautiful, isn’t it?
After finals, however, we should be back with a summer's worth of free time to fill the internet with a wealth of words. Susan will be going home . . . and I?
I took about ten minutes and several false starts to convince myself I wasn’t going to leap to my death.
I made Bunny Wreaths that are the first thing you see when you walk off the elevator in to the department....
She needs to cuddle. I know this is true because if we are too slow about noticing when she's ready for a cuddle, she will climb on shoulders, laps, keyboards, books, or faces until someone does their damned job, thank you very much. It's usually not too hard to get someone to cooperate. She prefers cuddling on her favorite blanket, so this blanket is usually adorning one or the other of us. (This last might become more problematic in August.)
Kate Bush is an English original. In 1978, when her debut single
“What I should have done much sooner. You’ve hardly eaten or slept in days. This has got to stop.”
Dear Bob
I took it one step further and stamped some botanical designs on some of my muslin strips and I love the results! This little lamp will go in my craft room (closet) ... perfect size for that little space.
Set The Controls For The Heart Of The Sun (previously unreleased on DVD/BluRay)
Creamy Cajun Horsey Vegetable
Complications- Atul Gawande (s)
Says the Lord's Prayer, and then tickles Simone’s chin…
I put both hands on the railing, and felt the cool steel under my fingers. I pushed my palms down and wrapped my fingers tightly. Then I pulled up with all my might.
If multiculturalism means to cherish individual ethnic cultures then it is we who are the true multiculturalists, not the brain dead, fascist, automatons at the UAF who do not understand that cultures only survive if that which makes them different is protected. To love the multitudes of different world cultures is to love them for what they are and for the things which make them unique from each other. Not for us the grim and bleak homogenisation which the thought police at “Searchlight” seek to impose, for that can only destroy the cultural differences which adorn our planet, not enrich them.
To do something he'd always wanted to do.
GDP: The one measure where blue states outperformed was in gross domestic product growth, clocking an average 2.5% increase from 2009 to 2010 vs. red states’ 2.2%. State GDP figures for 2011 won’t come out until June.
After changing into swimming trunks and exiting that room you saw what we called the big pool with depths ranging from around three feet at the shallow end to nine at the deep end where there were two diving boards. One just a few feet above the water and a second high dive for bolder swimmers.
And to top it off
It is not only your mission to be M.A.D. but it is as the Universe has so designed us to be. To constantly be manifesting an abundant destiny is to truly live the life that we are all capable of doing, but so few have decided they can not have for whatever reason.
David Cairns wrote about La Kermesse héroïque recently for his "Forgotten" column, and I don't have much to add to his account of the film's extraordinary shifts in tone. It's an odd film that only becomes odder when watched with the knowledge of France's subsequent Occupation, although Feyder and screenwriter Charles Spaak, both Belgian, surely weren't attempting anything along the lines of prophetic commentary on their host country. The film opens on the eve of a carnival that's quickly adapted to welcome the Spanish army, which is passing through the region. The women of the town give themselves over fully to the notion that the carnival marks the overthrow, if only for a night, of bourgeois convention. What's subversive is not so much the idea of sacrifice in the service of long-term good but rather that such sacrifice might be welcome and pleasurable given the restrictions of life in this rather dull town ruled by a rather pathetic collection of men. Indeed, the women's sacrifice might not be that great a sacrifice at all...
I felt the characters weren’t as well developed as they could have been. Teresa is an extremely important character yet she is just so flat. Thomas was a bit of a disappointment as well and his character really doesn’t develop until almost the end of the book. On the other hand certain secondary characters were so deeply created that they at times had a larger impact on me than the main character.
Menu: VolumeManager/Disk
It is never: WE HAVE MET THE PROBLEM AND IT IS US!! We are not committed to setting clear simple rules for our ideology (whatever the ideology is); establishing a tribe of members who all commit to the rules, and to making fully informed consensual agreements to abide by the rules.
Or a mathematical genius and borderline autistic girl who can see all the angles and save that extra special Luke Skywalker figurine from the forces of chaos and darkness all by herself, thanks very much!
Suddenly, he wakes up,
I'm wondering how likely I would be to get a cease and desist, or worse, if I wrote a book which only referenced the characters and events depicted in the Mars books 1-4. Is there a precedent for this, with estates or companies trade marking the property in such a way that no new works can be created. Or, since the titles I would be referencing are in the public domain here in the states - am I pretty safe if I keep any sales within our borders?"Readers will instantly spot that this is a trade mark issue, to the extent that the use of characters whose names and possibly likenesses are protected as trade marks may -- or may not -- be a trade mark use if used in the title or narrative of a book. There is also that old favourite question about whether there is such a thing as copyright in a fictional character per se or in the manner in which that character is depicted. Readers' comments are welcomed, as ever.
That’s right, walking boots.
For now I am looking forward to seeing my new city, meeting new people, and cool, crisp autumn days. We’ve had multiple days of 90+ (F)/30+ (C) here in Budapest, and it’s awful. I can’t wait for the weather to cool down.
As simple as it might sound to create a notebook containing all of my husband’s spreadsheets, I want to be able to add information each season and be able to find that information in later seasons. Yeah, it still sounds simple until you want to look back at the notes of a particular crop and how you treated a specific problem or how often you applied compost tea the season you had a bumper crop, and you can’t remember which season or year it happened. A chronological journal just wouldn’t work for me.
MI-02 Peter Hoekstra WA-02 Rick Larsen
If you’re wondering why the presidential candidates have been relatively quiet on this front, consider President Obama’s speech earlier this week to a group of college students as he explained the legalities of a rising interest rate if Congress fails in its efforts to pass the extension. Instead of telling these kids that a solution is being worked out by their elected leaders, he instead encourages them to “speak out against rising interest rates”. And what is the preferred vehicle for speaking out? Twitter. He even suggested a hashtag: #dontdoublemyrate.
28. Somebody Touched Me
My cracks remind me of God’s grace.
This is how the Master teaches us:
Let me, not debate now at this hour of celebrations,
Illinois – Whiskey Sour by J.A. Konrath
Yay....Happy FRIDAY! Do you have any plans for this weekend? We are very busy this weekend.... my cousin gets married, can't wait to see the beautiful Princess! Then on Sunday hubby and I are going to another showcase of homes show to get more ideas for our home! Our preliminary drawings are with the architect...I'm so excited we are getting one step closer to our home...yay!!!
Their poetry
A: You are a British politician, right?
The words are simple, not flowery. They are heartfelt, not insincere. They are true, not counterfeit.
The remainder of the cherries were frozen in quart bags. They also make great desserts. Clarissa cooked up a great cobbler last week with them. They have a really nice sourness and also a spicy cinnamon-like flavor.
As mentioned previously, the clouds from the departing storm system really made this an awesome time to visit Bryce Canyon. Because we see clouds so often, we may take them for granted most of the time. If we do actually think about them, oftentimes our thoughts will relate to impending weather. I’d like to propose that clouds can, and should, take on a more profound meaning, serving as a call to action and a reminder of a promise made. Clouds are mentioned numerous times throughout the Bible, sometimes literally and other-times metaphorically. Three of these instances I’d like to briefly call to mind.
All I want to be
I’ve cried more than enough tears.
The film is well directed by Ophuls and excellently photographed by Burnett Guffey. The location work adds to the realism and the interiors of the big open-plan house seem, paradoxically, to heighten the sense of domestic claustrophobia. It’s almost impossible to hold a private conversation anywhere as family members bustle in and out, cheerfully oblivious to the treachery that threatens them all.
Last night we visited the new baby. It was not as painful as I had anticipated. Obviously I loved her the second I held her and I did not want to let her go, which I didn't, apart from letting Hubby have a quick hold. I thought I dealt with it really well...
It is the final realization that those developmental delays
The Ivors also honour individuals with awards recognising their contribution to British music. These awards are in the gift of BASCA, approved by The Ivors Committee.
Better leave you with some ‘Velvet’ as it is the theme of the post. The Big Pink song is better, but I think Alex Winston needs to be heard more than them or KoL.
TABATA!
Out of frying pan and into the fire, McGarnagle was discovered by a trio of armored Cuthbertian priests inside the chapel tower. up above another priest rang the bell to warn the city of the fire. Assuming he was the source of the mayhem, the priests raised their maces and closed in. McGarnagle had had enough and dashed toward a stained glass window depicting Cuthbert and crashed through it to make his escape through a garden. The cries of desecrator were faintly heard as he ran toward the nearest alley. Behind him in the confusion, Two-Bit had entered the same tower and rushed up the circular stairs toward the bell tower. Attempting to set fires as he went along the vicious Ginth finally reached the top and pushed an unwary bell-ringer down to his death on the chapel floor below. Standing on the ledge at the top of this turret he surveyed the city from the smoldering garrison and leapt into the night....
Taxis are those groups likely to go straight to Hell if God were suddenly to appear in Accra (and you believed in Him ofcourse!) to do an inspection of the country: they're mostly impatient; indiscriminate about the fares they charge, and even when the regulator has given them a rate; and often possess very mercurial tempers.
So my husband and I were having a bit of a tiff. Well, he was upset with me for something, and I was upset with him for being upset with me and not answering my calls, etc. These things happen, and I generally respond badly. He DOES NOT TALK if he is upset. He wants to wait until he calms down to discuss things or to move on and forget it (as in this case it was the best option). I, on the other hand, often sit and fume while he is calming down. Then, when he is ready to talk, I explode, making the whole thing start from the beginning.
Thankfully, I can answer "I haven't" to many of the questions the publisher asks concerning ourselves and Lilly. Yet, many do ask these questions, wondering for answers. Let me just say, you aren't going to find these answers in a fictional book...even one that is based on 'some' real-life events.
When she showed up at the base, I came into the meeting so she wouldn’t be so uncomfortable only having men in the room. She sat quietly, with her shoulders slumped. When she spoke, it was with a deep sadness as if she really expected nothing from anyone. She had no family of her own, her husband’s family didn’t care, and to get help from the government, she would have to have “connections” to the local elite, which she didn’t have and couldn’t buy. Nor did she really expect anything from us. The only reason she’d come was because some local police had heard her story and been moved.
Let us set our lives about One Thing: knowing God. What He likes, what He doesn’t like, what He thinks about, what He values, what He thinks of you. And be transformed.
Jeter's 10.64 put her ahead of none other than one Marion Jones. And aside from Flo's 10.49, only times of 10.61 and 10.62 by FloJo herself in 1988 are better than Jeter's super dash! And given the long held belief by many that it was far too windy in Indy to produce a reading of +0.0 at any point during the first two days of the Trials that year, this run may have been a couple centimeters away from being the best 100 ever run!
Here is where I finally realized that there was a period of time where no on in the world knew where my child was and what he was doing.
The Smiley family has made a video and the U.S. Navy made it public through Twitter:
After juggling the demands of her career and the stress of caring for her ailing mother, Tori Anderson doesn’t have time for relationships—but that doesn’t mean she doesn’t want to feel like a woman. When Brit offers a no-strings attached fling, it sounds like exactly what she needs. But what will she do when Brit decides he won’t take “one night stand” for an answer? When Tori uncovers his lies, will he lose his chance with her forever?
The national organization is threatening to shut down the entire troop if the offending patch isn't removed from the Border Patrol's uniforms, and they want the patrol renamed.
I've loved Gramercy wines since our last trip to Walla Walla. This visit found them in their brand new tasting room, the old location of Amavi. The space is super casual and comfy with HUGE leather couches, a friendly dog and of course amazing wines from Greg. Everyone loved the Tempernillo, the Syrahs, the Grenache, the Cabs. It's tough deciding what to buy (or rather what not to buy) at Gramercy.
Honey is the only natural sweetener that requires no additional refining or processing. It contains small amounts of vitamins such as B2 and B6 and also many minerals including calcium, magnesium, selenium and zinc. It also helps with any tendency towards hypoglycemia which may contribute towards insomnia and mood swings.
I am so touchy at the moment. I can't seem to take perfectly normal comments and laugh them off as usual. I snap or bite back and can't control myself. I don't do it to people I don't know but those I love most in the world and I have no idea why.
A 3000 page document of evidence from South Africa was submitted. I would like to challenge the likes of Neels Jackson to go and read that document before swinging wild allegations around about an “evil system”.
Hollyoaks
However, the official scoping document from the Empire State Development Corporation, ATLANTIC YARDS ARENA AND REDEVELOPMENT PROJECT DRAFT SCOPE OF ANALYSIS FOR AN ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT, makes the layout clear: A reconfigured and upgraded yard... would be built below street grade on the eastern end of the existing Rail Yards footprint...
Just let me forget it, please.
Also: the L/R channels are reversed due to a re-wiring 'glitch'...& which nobody mentioned whilst there was the 'opportunity'...Ha Ha..
Vela has scored 11 goals this season, including five in the last five games. Chicharito has 12 goals*. *Caveat: counting all goals with team, not just league play.
Are there actually people out there that still believe what main stream scientists have to say?
She was shocked and disappointed when she exclaimed, "What? I thought you were a brave woman who could handle living in Iowa!"
So I was looking forward to meeting Father Newman and participating in the Mass at his parish. But: Mass at 7 am! A bit early for a vacation; but I thought, getting up that early--after a late night--"this will be my penance."
What suggestions do you have on improving relations among those working in media and tourism?
The Rezillos: Rosalyn
I think he's learned his lesson on this one. And will say, " I don't want to talk about it..." and yet I think he decided to share his lesson learned with his class today, in Show & Tell, at preschool. We'll see!
So, here's the question:
1 knitting
By the way, the main contractor building or updating these camps is Halliburton. Yes, Dick Cheney’s Halliburton. The one that has made more money off the Iraq war than any other corporation and moved their headquarters from Houston to Dubai last year.
Osman, Colin (1996) The Studios of A. & G. Taylor, the Largest Photographers in the World, Supplement to The PhotoHistorian, No. 111, March 1996.
The more we learn, the more we know what we don't know.
Updated to say : apologies for my poor commenting in the past couple of weeks... I will strive to do better!
On the flip side, I neglected to do any sort of research for the first draft of The Gray Regions – and you can tell. It’s almost laughable. Of course, I was much younger when it started, and I could barely put a solid plot together, much less make it believable. Now, though, I have no excuse. And so, wielding the power of the internet in my right hand and a shiny library card in my left, I have been frantically compiling notes in preparation for the big Second Draft. I have spent hours digging through speculative articles, reading too-long forum thread arguments about what is and is not physically possible, and bugging the heck out of friends and writing buddies for opinions on what I can get away with.
Every twat riding a horse on a road.
1oz Gin
Elba: “Really Who? “
For any emergency of pollution to the agricultural environment, it shall be tackled according to the plan on the emergencies of pollution to the agricultural environment.
Dunedin’s plan to develop and launch a new brand for the city has sparked a strong city-wide response, and the search is now on to find the “essence” of the Dunedin experience to promote the city to the rest of the world.
How To Make Butter & Buttermilk
And we haven't forgotten Ed Balls was part of the government that got us in this mess in the first place.
It is commonly held that Paul preached the same message as did Peter and the other of the twelve apostles. I can’t believe that for several reasons, not the least of which is the fact that Jesus Christ had to give Paul a special revelation, here referred to as his testimony concerning Him.
Be merciful to me, O God, be merciful to me!
That’s why we’re asking you, when you go into the schools, to work closely with our food service professionals to support the work that they do every day, in and out, long hours. They’re looking forward to getting
PO Kris: Mas pretty s’ya. Aha-ha-ha.
Although, I have found love, which, I guess is something that is very worth while.
Michelle Coyle-Eulau, 38, Garden City, N.Y.
I am sure as a woman at some point you have had men whistling, calling all you all kinds of names like ‘hello gorgeous’, ‘hey baby’ (not the insults) do you find this offensive? Or harmless? After you have spent hours at a hair dresses, bought a new outfit, would you feel more comfortable en route to your destination, if not even one soul glanced at you?
Some of the typical improvements qualified applicants may receive in this program include the following: insulation – attic, floor, and wall; window sealing; weather-stripping; maintenance of HVAC; hot water tank check-up; thermostat settings; lighting efficiency; and sealing the exterior siding.
How else can we explain the fact that BN only needs seven more MPs to cross over to regain its two-thirds majority?
So, I always have him on my mind when I run this race, and I also think of all of the friends, family, and coworkers who have battled this horrible disease; many of whom are no longer with us. If you can find it in your heart to donate something...anything, it would be appreciated. I don't think there are any of us who haven't been touched by this killer, either physically or emotionally.
The random access memory storage space for the normal hardware settings would be 1 gigabyte оf space. The ultra settings would be double the normal hardware settings and bе two gigabytes.To process the data quickly еnough fоr the normal gaming experience the Central Processing Unit speed wоuld be аt thе minimum оne thousand, sіx hundred megahertz. For thе ultra settings it should be abоve оne thousand еіght hundred megahertz.
Planned Parenthood, by contrast, at least mentions the possible side effects, such as “infection,” “blood-clotting,” “injury to the cervix or other organs,” and “an incomplete abortion.” Gee, it doesn't seem to be such a walk in the park now, does it? This might have some repercussions! As for the psychological issues, Maria counsels that it:
Pessimism of the intellect, optimism of the will? Not any more: because optimism is now a political tonality indissociable from the promises of consumption. ‘Future’ exists only in the stock-exchange plural. Hope is no longer given us for the sake of the hopeless: it has mutated into an endless political and economic Micawberism.
Despite the meaning of my name "Peace on Earth", and the fact that I am almost always barefoot, I am not a hippie. I can definitely be classified as weird, and have been labeled as 'granola', but my days of long armpit hair and marijuana smoking are not just long gone – they never were (although the same cannot be said about my parents).
Library Science
Chabrol is, in his usual stoical, subtle way, examining the fault lines and secrets of this ideal family. Even if the title didn't telegraph much of the film's plot up front, it would be obvious early on that something is amiss here: the family seems somehow too happy, everything too smooth and frictionless, their smiles too sweet and their chatter too banal. A bedroom scene reveals the sexless detachment between the couple, a disjunction between the smoldering sensuality of Hélène and the staid, lazy comfort of Charles, who seems to be taking his wife for granted, slipping easily into middle-aged boredom. As he himself admits, he's set in his ways, unwilling to change, not interested in exercising to get rid of his middle-aged paunch, a sign of his complacency. Chabrol pans from Charles lying in bed in pajamas, the covers pulled up over him, across the room to Hélène, framed by a doorway, doing her nails in a very short nightie, her long legs curled up and extended sensually, a very provocative and sexy image. Back across the room, Charles gets out of bed and turns on a record of pleasant classical music, then gets back under the covers. When Hélène joins him, she doesn't get under the sheets but stretches her body out on the bed, in a pose that all too obviously offers sex, though Charles, tightly repressed beneath the covers, barely seems interested. In this rigorously composed sequence, Chabrol has laid out, through body language and his clinically precise camera movements, the essential dysfunction of this marriage, which is superficially happy, all smiles and sunny days, but totally devoid of passion.
On Life in Marx
“Is there any candle in the house?” a male voice came from the depths of oblivion. “No, but my cell phone has a LED flash light”, I said. “Great, pass it on I want to go pee. “ I handed him the android with a warning not to flush it in the pot and with that my mind threw a loaf of bread and a pound of tea in an old sack and jumped over the back fence taking the old memory trail into the woods of bygone days. It was a voluntary endeavor as walking with the ghosts of yesteryear in not everybody’s idea of spending the evening.
alert to respond to whatever he wills.
When to use: Whenever anyone makes fun of a particularly agrarian or isolated university.
Anne and Walt Robb
Now, for my family's sake we should all hope that I am faster with the packing than the writing. Unfortunately I'm starting to wonder. I'm hoping I'll at least have some stories figured out by the time winter is over. If I don't they'll wait patiently for me to come back to them. So will my jar of change.
Another book that will give you confidence, this time confidence that Christianity is reasonable and not silly or incoherent. Will also give you confidence to talk with your friends and family who may be intellectually antagonistic to Christianity.
The snotty bitch will turn ugly and try to take your date down a peg or two. She may even try to fuck you or at least win your flirtations right in front of your date. And then your date will grab and squeeze your hand and tell you not to be alone with her because she’s stolen two boyfriends already.
The Book of Knowledge
Note: If you will be making this by hand, you need to alter the steps a little bit.
One of the more thought-provoking books I’ve read in a long time, Room addresses certain issues that most of us take for granted.
We are always updating each other, whether man or machine… Ping!
It's even better from the side, I'll try and get a picture tomorrow. It's worn with a full corset and caged petticoat that looks kind of this. The dress sticks out at least 12 inches from my body.
1 fourth
¼ tsp kosher salt
Let's talk leftovers... or as I like to call them, "Strategically Planned Meals"- makes me sound smarter, right? (Just say yes.)
Alice meets up with the caterpillar and asks him which way she should go, he says well where do you want to be and she replied that she did not really know to which he responded in that typical fashion of someone with many many legs, that it did not matter which way she went in that case.
The money was visible.
In John Wiley & Sons Inc. v. Kirtsaeng, 09-4896 (2d Cir. August 15, 2011), the Second Circuit decided a case of first impression, with a powerful dissent from Judge J. Garvan Murtha of Vermont.
Melissa Gilbert went to the hospital and had a mild concussion. Not sure when she hit her head, but they said it was a combination of whiplash and a concussion. Maks hurt his arm, and he said it took away from the pain in his ankles and knees. Melissa isn't here tonight and is resting. Good idea.
In a last ditch attempt to get my blog to work, I am trying to blog from Flickr. If this shows up in the Dashboard then I am back in business!
If something makes me really angry, or happy, or sad... I'll probably blog about it (or post elsewhere, or at least write in a private journal)
When the buzzer went, I removed the dish from the oven, took off the lid and placed it back in the oven for a further 35 minutes.
I’m also the kind of nerd who is always thinking about blogging and how things outside the blogging universe may actually relate to this new frontier that is blogging.
While I tried to limit it to two, I just could not decide between these ones. Believe it or not, despite the gorgeousness we are surrounded with for the most part, none of us here are particularly girly, but every one of us fell totally in love with this pink pearlised cake. For the wow factor, the prize definitely goes to Kim Veverka's invite inspired flamingo cake which looked unbelievable against the multicoloured backdrop of the Sydney Opera House foyer.
(or, in my case, a knot).
ND is set out to win more votes than any other party, with between 20-25 per cent of Greeks planning to vote for it. Many expect ND leader Antonis Samaras to become Greece’s next prime minister.
Anyone reading this blog regularly will have worked out that I’m not a great fan of the present government. But scarcely a day goes by when the principal opposition party gives us another reason for not voting for them.
I recently had to say goodbye to some friends at college who I won’t be seeing next semester. In particular, four Korean girls who were exchange students to Belhaven. They really became amazing friends and I know that I’ll miss them so much next semester… it really won’t be the same without my ‘unnies’. I really hope to go to Korea next semester and see them again.
If you haven't already, please head over to boxingsocialist.com and surf around the site, post content, and make a profile page. The goal is to develop the "Facebook of Boxing" where pro fighters and fans are able to interact with one another.
I am also really grateful to Jody Ehler for helping out as my assistant. Seriously. I could not have done this. Nuh-uh. No way. She was also really good at sticking my head back on my shoulders and did everything except remind me to eat my vegetables. (yuck, veggies). Although the food WAS really good!
consciousness states as a mind chart
The next post will highlight the X-degenerate region – it is much more interesting than what was conveyed in this post. After that we will focus on the ampliconic region and those huge palindromes and how it questions the idea of a non-recombining Y. Don’t worry; the best stuff is yet to come!
She Do the Taboo by Jason Eklund
Dixie cups - Iko iko
Talking about shortcomings, I did a doozy on Saturday morning. Someone ignored the threat of frost and did not put my car away. I have a standing appointment at 8 every Saturday morning. When I looked out my back door, all I could see was my frost laden car windows. When you live alone you soon learn that the problem is yours to solve so I quickly decided to just go out and start the car and it would melt by the time I had to go. Sounds simple enough, doesn’t it? Everything went well as I started the car, turn on the button to defrost the rear window, turned on the heater fan and went back into the house, feeling quite proud of myself. I was ready to go a little early but decided that early is better than late so went out knowing that all was under control. Imagine my startled demeanor when I noticed that the back window was cleared but the rest of the windows were still icy. Everything turned to panic as I found the car was locked and I had not seen my second set of car keys since I came home from church on Good Friday afternoon.
Each company is chosen against its peers in the same industries because each industry operates under different circumstances, Brigham said.
Everybody opined
Joel Sternfeld (1 chromogenic print, 1979/1987)
Still, mustn't grumble; the film is beautifully shot and edited, and the background is nicely sketched in, with hovering gunships and flights of jets giving the impression of some huge, secret and probably doomed military operation going on just beyond the edges of the story, and signs everywhere which look like the Mexican equivalent of those wartime 'Keep Calm and Carry On' posters that trendhounds nowadays find so hugely ironic. There are a couple of very well done monster encounters, and slightly too many scenes which build up a huge amount of tension and then fizzle out in some sort of false alarm. There is also a very good journey up a river clearly twinned with one in Apocalypse Now.
I also reread Neuromancer by William Gibson. It’s hard to believe that it’s been almost 30 years since that book was published. Gibson knew all about the web before there even was a web. It’s a bit of a challenging read, particularly if you’re not techy, but a fun one, nevertheless.
Am I doing something wrong? Is this normal?
scar between their bodies,
laundry can wait... like, forever if necessary...
Majestic... soaring...gliding wings
I like quick sewing so this won’t take so long. Especially since I still have a pretty regular “wad” rhythm I seem to have hit. Three wads to one wearable.
Today I came to a realization that I’m sure many will relate to- The Allowance we give ourselves. Whether it’s emotional or monetary, we generally reward ourselves last.
In my professional opinion, Bud Light Platinum is not worth it. If you’re grabbing a light beer, stick with a good one, don’t bother with this one.
Two very long years, many tears, a lot of sweat, and a crazy abundance of hard work later, I lost over 130 pounds and found myself ready for college and still “never dated/never been kissed.” I was in the prime position… right?
That said, it is just wonderful being on holidays with my very favourite people in the world.
Which reminds me ... many fiber and weaving guilds maintain local libraries of their own, with books that may never appear in your public library. Some guilds cover quite large areas: NwRSA has a lending library by mail for members in its large area, and Complex Weavers similarly has a members' library-by-mail. And, my local weaving buddies have bookshelves with books and magazines back to the 70s -- so there are many fine resources open to me.
At a recent antique show, I scored a slightly beat up and thoroughly awesome copy of The Kingdom of Nature; An Illustrated History of the Animal World by Mrs. Frank Leslie and copyrighted in 1888. The preface advertises a content of almost 1,000 illustrations. Many of them are just amazing in a distinctly late 19th century way. Here are a few samples to start with. A
I have designed 2 daily journals with your well being in mind to guide you toward all that you are. Get yours here Journal Power .
Tonner Doll Company recently announced that they would be producing a line of dolls based on the popular book and movie ‘Hunger Games’. If you are at all familiar with Tonner made dolls, you know the high quality items they are. Like the other entertainment based lines, each doll will be sculpted in the actors likeness, in this case Jennifer Lawrence (as Katniss), Josh Hutcherson (as Peeta), and Liam Hemsworth (as Gale).
When they finally, finally, finally called the name for my case, there was silence. The lawyers glanced around, but nobody came forward. Because apparently the fat fuckface DIDN'T EVEN SHOW UP. But wait! There's more! Not only did he skip his court date, he's planning on pleading NOT GUILTY to a crime that was caught. On motherfucking camera!
Johnson was also upset because according to the parole officer’s report McBride expressed the opinion that community service that includes manual labour is humiliating.
I am truly grateful for all that my family, friends-new & old, co-workers, clients, and strangers in foreign lands have done for over the years. Thanks to you, whoever you may be, that reads my random blogs. (It is still difficult for me to comprehend that someone actually reads the things that I post. How cool is that?)
Now it’s time to blame Congress. The same folks who are now running Congress gave us weak regulation, insurance companies jacking up people’s premiums with impunity, mortgage lenders tricking families into buying homes they couldn’t afford, an irresponsible financial sector that nearly destroyed our entire economy. I’ve tried to stop all this, but Congress refuses to pass my jobs bill. (Applause.)
The pages reveal how even though the two families are on different sides of the globe, living in different societies and different climates and in worlds under different forms of development, the way they care for each other, and the loving relationships within the family - families are still essentially the same. We are the Mirror of each other.
Why is it that short weeks always feel longer than normal weeks? I know we had Monday off, but this week seems to have lasted a lifetime!
and we will call upon Thy name
Those who are following along in my AB class know I use gesso as a covering for AB pages as well as a glue. Here I did both! I was very lucky to find the right magazine image for the spread.
I would do this but, I am not weird. I am nice, normal and nice normal people don't have passion."
thanks for listening!
Romney is running on ‘freedom’, ‘liberty’ and cut taxes so the ‘job creators’ will start investing in the economy……..
“Nobody talks about how wonderful it feels to digest Haagen-Dazs Ice cream. Nobody talks about the brilliance of swallowing peanut butter. And nobody talks about pooping out brown rice. Why? Because that’s not the point of eating.
We bid you farewell with the Creator’s loving embrace.
I confess that I wish more people used the word swell, because I think it is...well...really swell.
The jail population has fallen 31 percent since 2008, to 8,573 inmates. The jail has a capacity of 9,434, but has at times held more than 12,000. Garcia hopes the expense of contracts with far-flung jails - totaling $31 million in the last two years - has ceased for the foreseeable future.
William had a dirty panty fetish. When he would go on calls that offered him the opportunity to go into people’s homes, and he would excuse himself to go to the bathroom. If there was a hamper in the bathroom, he would look through the dirty clothing for panties to steal. He accumulated a vast amount of women’s dirty underwear. They were like trophies to him. He hoped to have one pair of panties from every domestic call he went on. Strange how people find themselves collecting stuff. When he came across a rather large and nasty pair, he would use them as payback for the Mayor’s actions. Every chance he got, he would place a pair strategically over the Mayor’s steering wheel, in his blazer. No one ever caught him doing this, but everyone knew that only William was crazy enough to do such a thing.
Talk about customer service!
I drilled in 3" in so I could put a 2 1/2" screw into the hole and screw it in to the 2X4
and i'm throwing this one in for good measure, so if you guess the name of this RETIRED digi, i will send you an extra little something! (if you can't get this one, you'll still be entered to win by getting the first 3 correct!)
Why is wilderness travel so damn dull in-game?
In our modern times many people take (sometimes) too much care of their bodies, health etc. Diets all around make young and older women crazy and many men and women tend to have the perfect body. While I used to do sports for few years I could eat whatever I wanted and still I lost some ponds until I remained on a weight I still have today (although I don’t do sports anymore, unfortunately). So in this case my conclusion would be: eat good and properly and do the sports! Burning the useless calories is the best way to get rid of them without you passing on special food. Many people I know are not proper partners to have them going out with you to dinner, they would either take vegetarian or something low fat and you would feel really bad for your proper steak with dozens of calories (but still so much taste!). So, no, I will definitely never be vegetarian. Pasta is good, too, but I am not so used to it. It is even worse than meat ;-) But still within next days we will have some pasta with white wine and afterwards good coffee with almond cookies. I’ve got a huge basket full of Italian products which I must test and also try. This is really good life for a student! I shall really start to think of sports again…
I’ll let you guys know how we do tomorrow…………
Gracie and Jack’s momma!
Do you think people who give away their music for free are in any way going to bring down the monetary value the music has when it comes to licensing rights?
Anyway, that's the update....no LOVE and the memberships run out at the end of the month and I'm done.....
I can only conclude that it is all Billy the Blue Power Ranger's fault.
Bristol just announced that her new boyfriend will be moving in with her as a run up to a “trial marriage”. Sweet! And for those still dumb enough to believe that Bristol and her new boy toy will be practicing “abstinence” while sharing a box of cornflakes, think again.
Council voted yesterday to ask staff for a report detailing “options and alternatives to free up funds” to put towards improving the city’s infrastructure. Councillors will debate that plan on Jan. 21.
5. What’s the worst thing about being an expat in New York City?
Here are just a few pics from this season:
Perhaps more entertaining is Witt’s article on Coney Island redevelopment, which admiringly describes the condo+timeshare+entertainment complex proposed by Thor Equities’ Joe Sitt, then acknowledges that the plan “does have its critics."
After the oscillators, you'll find a mixer section which controls the level of each oscillator. Often here you'll find an option to add 'noise' which is basically an unpitched rushing or rumbling sound. (You can find white noise etc, I'm still looking for the "brown sound").
Culpable and guilty of libel!
But am able to share this local order that was delivered.
What do you think? This shirt is a whole lot more colorful than the black-and-white check or even a white shirt, which is what I have always worn with this suit. But what do I wear on my legs and on my feet? I'm going to have to walk a bit, so that rules out most heels (I feel wobbly in heels). I like black tights, but would that be too wintry? Decisions. Decisions.
I feel horrible when things are like this. I want to back down and admit that everything is my fault and go back to the way things were... but it never really works out that way. I try to back down and there he is.. being a jerk again.
Language of Love Text Collection – 24 Stamps
Stir into the butter mixture, mix well then add the nuts
I had 3 inspiration sources.
For those times that you think it is not possible to be creative or hard to get motivated, take to heart some of the considerations from the ideas of Gary Gonzales, in the Leadership Journal, as he writes about Real Ministry in a Complex World. Now I know his subject matter is not an art focus. But, when talking about creativity we can gain some insight to his words and thoughts about the creative process as a whole. He writes about your “creativity quotient” and how to raise the bar in creativity. He believes that a few good habits can improve the quality of your ideas.
To die may be an awfully big adventure but hey, there’s lots of mileage in living too. All you need is a filter to spit out the negative.
Finally, proof that even the iron age residents were concerned about what their hair looked like in wall paintings.
A Four Loko sponsored after party was held to showcase the new range of drinks and to share branded giveaways to excited fans on a very “loko” Halloween night.
Now for the clandestine part. In Cambridge, obviously being a university town, we wanted to see the different colleges and churches and libraries. Now, if you were a student and knew the back entrances, you wouldn’t have to pay for entrance fees and you would be allowed into areas that weren’t for the general public, tourists included. Rhea’s friend, Paul, is an excellent tour guide. He knew all the back ways which he says are actually prettier that the front entrances of the colleges anyway. In order for us to get into some of these back ways, we had to pretent to be a student and that meant keeping the camera away and trying not to look like a tourist. It also helps if you walk like you know where you’re going and – this is the most important – look like you’re deep in thought and maybe a bit sullen. LOL, student life! Being in Cambridge is making me feel like wanting to go back to school. Oh my goodness! Today, we went to the Sedgwick Museum of Earth Sciences! I don’t even have the words to describe how giddy I was inside the museum!
These young men were very careful not to lose face amongst their peers. When asked if they had read my book some said no, but later in the discussion one asked about a particular relationship in the story which showed that he had read it, despite his previous negative.
You work hard on your channel and your videos, so we’re doing the same on making channels look their best on YouTube. That’s why in December, we launched an updated look and new templates for channels, as well as features across the site to keep you better connected with the channels you enjoy.
I know I'm a sporadic blogger but sometimes the thought has crossed my mind that I only bought something because it would be something to show on my blog. And I wonder how many other bloggers are thinking in the same way.
500g beef mince (I used prime but regular’s fine too, also I can’t see any problem with using lamb or chicken or pork mince)
And finally, I made this sweet little gift basket to be filled with goodies for a friend. I hope you enjoyed this morning's eye candy and don't forget to leave comments along the way to be entered to win a
We took a shuttle to the South Kaibab trailhead. There were surprisingly many people in the park and on the bus. All seem to be battling cold (with some very interesting effects). There weren’t many backpackers, but that was expected.
Those who talk about inequality are trying to create a link that is not there, but that does not mean they are short on solutions. The answer to equality is, of course, redistribution, which must by necessity be overseen by the state.
"Yea, where did Chris go?"
Snapshots of the heart is just that, an everyday moment kit perfect for those photo's of our loved ones or the ones we love best because we have snapped them from behind our lens's.
10. Hip To Hoo / Doo Doo A Do Do / Trouble Your Money (Shaken & Stirred 1985 Outtake Robert Plant)
I am really looking forward to seeing your wonderful creations for this week's challenge. However, I am going on a short crafting cruise (woo hoo!!) with Create and Craft for a few days and won't be around until Tuesday but promise I shall comment on my allocated entries when I get back. Oh and don't forget to take a look at the rest of the DT's gorgeous work.
The wedding plans continue. We'll be making a trip to Oklahoma in July. I'm sure that the ladies will fill my time with all the "stuff" that they have to do to make this wedding come off.
MiCasa was developed in partnership with local poor families, aid organizations and local industry to get families out of tents and into homes of their own. Bolstered by the executive, real estate, and social venture experience of his father, the vision of a gifted architect (Fernando Castro), and the skills of a brilliant Caltech mechanical engineer (Robert Metcalf), Cesar is ready to roll. The team has developed a pilot development in Barranquito to build simple, steel-reinforced homes of adobe brick for 70 families; the second project will be 500 homes on land already purchased outside Chincha.
Meeting Mr D has solidified my recent decision to place relationships and family as my first priority in life. It was (and admittedly, still is) a very difficult thing for me to consider – leaving an organisation that I’ve belonged to for almost a decade, to find a job that I can do from home.
Apologies to anyone who has had problems commenting or reading my blog. I'm afraid it's due to ongoing problems with Blogger. I am looking for an alternative set-up which should improve things but it will probably take me a while as I will need to find alternative hosting and rebuild the blog from scratch. Fingers crossed that Blogger actually fix things in the interim.
porque no se donde voy
Here is her little adjoining bathroom.
‘If he and his friends experimented with marijuana, that is completely irrelevant. What does it have to do with killing their son?’
Pasta and rice
Source- cult of Mac, Mac rumors
One of the highlight of traveling to me is food. I love trying restaurants that are popular among local people. Here are some foods we tried during our trip in Kamakura.
Greg leaned towards me. 'Chronic. That's appropriate.'
Practice as much as you can now—you only get less time later in life. If you get married, have kids, et cetera, forget about practicing three hours a day. Don’t procrastinate on practicing.
I thought Mr. Howell was having an affair with Ginger?
Mr. Maharaj said the media could not hold freedom of the press above his individual rights.
” Yeah, not a problem for me. But this is so funny! “So, we meet again”, was supposed to be entry line”, teased the man with weird hair. He was trying to be funny earlier in the hospital too but there he actually was funny. I giggled and replied, ” ‘Twice in a day, are you by any way folowing me?’ I would have said.”
All Craft Your Passion DT members are going to be playing along in the hop with some very special guest designers (that's me!). Each designer along the way is featuring a project that showcases a digital image from at least one of our amazing Blog Hop Sponsors. What’s more exciting is you can participate too by creating a project and linking it up over at Craft Your Passion Challenges for a chance to win one of several prizes. But, there’s a twist. Be sure to visit all the stops and leave a comment (we will be checking). Once you have finished the hop, we would like you to create a HOLIDAY project using at least one digital stamp and enter it with our Linky tool.
The P.S. 139 PA emails that they're hosting a Scholastic Book Fair through Sunday in the school auditorium, entrance on Rugby just off Cortelyou.
It took 24 hours
After lunch we drove through more fascinating red, outback, desert to Marree for a pit stop and then on towards the lake.
It is the opposite of "war", of course. So between 1991 and 2003 Saddam Hussein's subjects must have been experiencing "peace". And all through the 1950s the citizens of the Soviet Union lived in "peace".
I didn’t feel tired with the food intake, but I know I need to be more active.
My eyes nearly popped out while watching a string of models stepping off the LV train with old-fashioned hats, bedecked accessories, over-sized buttons and, of course, some gorgeous Louis Vuitton bags. The icing on the cake was the porters that accompanied each model.
Scritti Politti Absolute UK
Base Cards Needed
Because of their experiences in the USA and in Arab countries, contributors see Zionism and Palestine as central to their identity. For them the issue is not Arab versus Jew, but European colonialism and continuing attacks on themselves and their homelands. For them Israel is also the focal point of US imperialism, aggression, and anti-Moslem hostility. They resent that they are silenced by feminists for expressing their own pain at the actions of Israel and the USA. As they point out, feminists are not immune to the anti-Arab and anti-Muslim beliefs of their nation.
I will raise my throne
Iran: In a rare crackdown on a concentrated area, in what is seen as a tactic to discourage Muslims from attending official churches, authorities have arrested 12 more converts to Christianity living in the country’s third largest city of Isfahan, Among the latest known Christian converts detained in the Isfahan area is a man who was reportedly taken into custody on March 2 while returning home from his work: “Security authorities raided his home and seized him without explanation.”
I've decided as of today that I'm not taking on any more work for this year. I have enough to keep me busy until 15 Dec, which is my last day before we leave for holidays. As a friend pointed out over lunch, what's the point of being self employed if you can't decide when to say 'no' to work?
‘The euro zone has agreed to take a big leap forward in economic integration, but failed to deliver a convincing answer to investors worried about its ability to tackle threatening debt crises in Italy and Spain.
I left the mandoline on the 1/4” setting and began to slice the peeled sweet potato. I layered the slices with smoked Gruyère cheese and a sprinkling of dried thyme and black pepper before topping with another slice of sweet potato. Then I followed the same process to cook the sandwich as I had with the apple cheddar variety. It didn’t take long for me to see that the sweet potato was just as beautiful as the apple had been.
Well, aren’t we just amazed by this revelation – not
This mélange is so diverse that a defense of it becomes the hidden reference in the wonderfully absurd exchanges between Theseus and Hippolyta concerning the music of the hounds in Act IV, Scene 1, lines 102-37, which I shall consider in some detail later. ‘So musical a discord, such sweet thunder” has been widely and correctly taken as this play’s description of itself. Chesterton, who sometimes thought the Dream the greatest of all Shakespeare’s plays, found its ‘superior literary merit’ to be ‘a merit of design.’
On the prep level there is not much reason to take back any early season predictions. Chelsey Sveinsson (TX) dominated the Cowboy Jamboree in OK and while Lukas Verzbicas (IL) has only run once (an early season course record in Lyons, IL) he won the World Duathalon Champs which found him closing the last 2500 meters in 4:11 mile pace! Unreal. According to the Chicago Tribune, Lukas ran ill as well in his defeat of 18 year old Mario Mola, the World Junior Triathalon Champion from Spain.
The ugly and intolerant political rhetoric in this country is making me more sad than it is angry.
The first section was called “Sex Through the Ages,” which might as well have been titled “Human History” because sex, by definition, has kinda sorta been around since forever. The main focus was on the sex industry, porn in particular, so it was more about media and attitudes towards sex than the act itself (which hasn’t changed all that much, really).
And they postulate in the liberal corners - but they do nothing to stop it.
So have a great day…or evening. And give hugs – thankful hugs. Be thankful for whatever tops your list today.
Go on.
As many of you know, I have begun to have many doors open in the area of gospel music. I have determined that this will be my path. And I want to use it to benefit those who most need help.
We should say that this area of your world has always been a very potent area of activity, but the majority of activity that has occurred in these areas has indeed been positive because of the advanced spiritual nature of these areas and because of the energy gates that have always been bringing through energies purer than the energies given to many area of Gaia’s surface in any given, more recent time along your many histories.
Nerd. I know. We've had this discussion before.
Rooney v Kompany
Which means that I am well acquainted with what seems to be the standard focus for any mainstream media story about gay people: The realisation, coming out and bigotry.
Here’s a thought experiment which may be able to punch a whole in typical theodicies on offer by these same orthodox philosophers and apologists. Consider that God can create a world with agents who have free will, and upon creating that world he has exhaustive knowledge about that world including all future contingencies and counter-factuals. God could then employ a process where if world w1 satisfies ~S then the world remains, and if the world does not satisfy ~S then it is immediately annihilated. Make S to be ‘instantiates sin’. Thus, if the world God creates instantiates sin, it is immediately annihilated. Moreover, if it is annihilated then God creates another such world: if w1 is annihilated, then God creates w2. Or: for any wn, if wn is annihilated, then God creates w(n+1). Thus, God creates a world which can potentially actualize the state of affairs in which all free agents freely choose never to sin (which is logically possible), and for every world which does not ‘actually’ satisfy this state of affairs, God annihilates the world and creates a new one. On this argument, it is logically possible (though I’m not sure that it is logically necessary) that there be a world created by God which involves free agents who never sin, and this world is, it would seem, feasible for God to create. Perhaps an infinite set of worlds all created at once, all of which are destroyed if and only if they involve any occasion of sin, would all be destroyed, since a set’s being infinite does not guarantee that it contains all members which it plausibly could contain (for example the set of all odd numbers from 0 to positive infinity is infinite, as is the set of all odd numbers from 0 to positive infinity not including 3). So perhaps it remains infeasible for God to create. Nevertheless, it seems that God could create an infinite set of worlds which is guaranteed to involve the member ‘the world in which all people freely choose to not sin’ (though I am unsure about this).
Also as an actual, practicing adult I should probably be doing my own grocery shopping.
I realize that some discomfort and pain within this process is inevitable because of the extreme bullshit that we have allowed and accepted through many years in participating in this abusive system – where we disregarded completely the physical reality by fucking it as hard as possible to get energy to fuel our mind bubbles – thus I realize that earth, as clearly seen by my physical eyes, is in pain and when I go out of my mind equalizing to the physical I will feel the pain that the earth feels – and I will use this pain as fire to drive me even more harder towards working on the practical solutions – like Equal Money where we can stop the abuse and start healing this physical reality/our bodies that we neglected for so long in the name of energy
I know I will continue to overuse them. But let it be known, I know that I do. I just can't help it. It is like a nail biting or smoking habit, one you know you should give up, but they just give you too much joy.
“It depends on how extensive the renovations are. If you’re just converting one room into an office, then it’s fine, as the future owner won’t need to do much or anything at all to convert it back into an ordinary room.
So far it's been a nice easy stitch...ask me again when I get to the tree, I might be tearing my hair out!
This post continues "A few things wrong about the cosmological argument", a series focusing on lesser wrongs of the cosmological argument.
4) Trainer Led Exercises
‘Above all we have to remember that all power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.’
- Krakow’s historical city center is a UNESCO world heritage site.
The warden brought in the suspect. “Do you want me to keep the cuffs and shackles on him?”
Socks
This was such a well done preview of the final book. Even though technically you don’t have to read the novellas to enjoy the main books in the series. I suggest this one as the perfect background to make the reading of The Iron Knight that much more enjoyable.
face down, cheek pooled cool to ground - looking back I'm glad it wasn't jute
(Wild Honey, by the way, is currently available coupled with the group's Smiley Smile—an album that is also a kind of dumping ground of material from those initial aborted Smile sessions—released the same year. Smiley Smile is a decent-enough album in its own right—and hey, it features their big hit "Good Vibrations"...never a bad thing, in my view.)
Simoun
That was spread in the underground paths, amidst fronds and plants
I had great news from my publisher Rebel Ink Press, this week. The short novellette I wrote for the “Once Upon A Twisted Tale” anthology released last October has been selected to be offered as a stand alone.
Well here I am at the 2nd Australian Unschooling Conference. What an absolutely wonderful privilege! I feel so blessed to be here in this place of inspiration and beauty! I promised last year a summary of what is was about, what I learned, etc, but never got around to doing it. It felt overwhelming to go back through lots of notes and try to put it into a succinct summary. This year, however, I'm flying solo at the conference, so I'm spending my evenings in solitude, after full and exciting days at the conference. My intention is to write a blog post every night, summarising a bit of what happened during the day. So for those of you that would love to have come but couldn't make it, this is hopefully the next best thing!
Suitcase: Failed Experiments And Trashed Aircraft: 02, 10, 14, 15, 16, 17
Thyme tea, rich in volatile oils, minerals, beneficial phenols and flavonoids, is a healthy beverage choice. One of the popular culinary herb plants, thyme is native to Southern Europe and Mediterranean regions.
the then my own favorite and still so close to my heart.
The admittedly vague concept I have for the world is that the cult of Dionysus became the dominant mystery cult in classical Rome instead of Christianity, and the place of maenads and bacchantes in Dionysus' worship has led to a world with the equality of the sexes prerequisite for playing a game with one's wife in which she doesn't want to be treated as a freak. All the nations have classical Roman names like Gallia and Hispania and Pannonia; the Ottoman-like foreign empire a couple of countries over either worships Tammuz or is populated with people named after coffee (I'm not sure). I'm not sure I really need to detail any of that to make the game entertaining.
Is he looking for something? food? a mate?
is the famous (infamous?)
"People should calm down."
Or maybe it's because it's cold out and what warms you up better than a cup of hot cocoa topped with silky, fluffy whipped cream? Or maybe it's because the holidays are this week and people want to serve sweet, yummy, healthy and compassionate desserts to their friends and family.
This unfortunate renovation project was performed on a house that sold for $1.4 million back in 2004 or 5. The builder/buyer spent hundreds of thousands of dollars building a new septic system and then turned his attention to the house itself. He did an okay job but was hampered by the fact that, despite all his effort, he couldn’t build more than a 3 bedroom septic system and, because the house sits on an acre of land in a two-acre zone, he ran into the Bloomer rule and was forbidden to build a real garage – he ended up with a carport sided with open lattice work. He then compounded his error of buying the place to begin with by pricing his creation at $3.625,000, and it sat.
The best part of dinner out was I didn’t have to wash any dishes afterwards!!! Plus the pleasant buzz from the margarita really relaxed me.
The very company that developed Agent Orange produces one of the worlds most popular herbicides, GMO seeds and is trying to patent a gene in a pig. Is that not a sentence that should make everyone sit up and pay attention to what is happening to our food?
7.Cumin Powder : 1/2tsp
I have an intense problem with hypocrisy. It is the one thing that will automatically make me lose all respect for you.
Win It: Thanks to ShaveWell, one lucky reader will win a Fogless ShaveWell Fogless Mirror! If your entry didn't get the winning pick, don;t worry! ShaveWell is going to give a coupon code to everyone who entered, so everyone is a winner!! Thanks so much ShaveWell!!
3) Head to Thenton tower, located northwest of the town of Thenton. At the time of writing this, I do not have a map readily available of Thenton Tower. When I eventually make a maps section, I'll direct you to there, but for now, best advice I can give is walk on the outer edges of the tower to find the correct path upward. You'll eventually find a guy that looks like in picture 3. You'll fnd out this guy has been slacking off and getting high like a jackass. he says he has some serious "thinking" to do, but gives you the cloak of wind to go away. Ta da!
- Same random judging madness as at a traditional slam
like the crowd said
I wish doctors made house calls, I'm really tired of driving the 1/2 hour to Terre Haute.
The entries that are going to come in from now, i will not see on this blog.
As an employee of a news organization, Mr. Cannon is accustomed to receiving a fair share of mail from the disgruntled and the outraged. And he assumed that the letter and its accompanying list, which purported to contain the names, addresses and phone numbers of illegal immigrants, was just another tasteless effort to grab his attention.
Then...in August of 2006 my Mom and all of us got the terrible news that she had breast cancer once again. This after going through two mastectomies and being judged healthy enough to donate a kidney - - - breast cancer again?!?! But it was true, it was wrapped around the nerves and blood vessels...one lone cell that stayed in her body waiting to betray her. But again, prayer kept her safe and led her to amazing physicians who despite being left with 40% of the cancer inside of her body, healed her today to being cancer free again!!!!
And, indeed, I worry about an independent Scotland for the same reason.
by her shrill pals,
That's my Robbie Roo. Pushed out the good-old-fashioned way (if you don't count 22 hours of induction drugs, IV painkillers, and a lovely, lovely epidural) on December 4, 2010. 20 3/4 inches long, 7 lb 14 oz. Not the 10 lb baby that the doctors and I feared at all.
The book then goes on to describe the life of those in the south. The poor conditions and the cultural practices that are legacies of slavery. He talks about the living conditions that the coloured people were forced to endure due to poverty and a lack of education. He describes the family breakdowns that were caused by poverty.
I have seen the topic quite a bit recently in the news .. especially as we approach Mother’s Day. I’ve been asked that particular question by friends recently as well. And, it is a question I have been pondering myself, always have, but more and more as I work to navigate the ever changing waters that are motherhood.
"Human consciousness is evolving, awakening to the discovery of Self. All of us are participants in the evolution of consciousness, the next great leap for humanity. We perceive ourselves to be more than just our physical bodies. We are connected to the universe through nonphysical dimensions and a holographic matrix of timeless information. Life itself is not something physical and death something spiritual. For us, life's experiences have taken on a new significance. We marvel at the wonder of an emerging perception of reality that has been here waiting for us to realize all along."
Price: $20 each or set of four $60
Sources for CAFR info:
House Cured Olives – Nice plate of about 5 varieties of olives with citrus zest.
That wasn't the case and the race took place as planned. Fearing the windchill I'd piled on the layers. By the time I got to the park I was toasty. I figured I'd keep on a few for the race: two pairs of thermal running tights, two long sleeve tops, one singlet, a head band and a fleece lined crochet hat, plus neck gaiter and gloves, of course.
The interesting question was how this adaptation would transfer to other conditions where the arm started in the RIGHT workspace (off to the participants right) where no perturbing force had ever been applied.
The bartender only had time to open his eyes wide with fear before a brilliantly polished gun was pointed at his chest. A matching gun was also pulled out and now pointed at the back of the hunched figure sitting at the bar. The bartender stood absolutely still, it was the hunched figure at the bar that moved. He pushed his half-drunk tankard to the side placing both his hands flat on the bar.
Before 2009, neither Vietnam nor Laos had been recorded as importing lion bones, said Chris Mercer, head of the South African organisation Campaign against Canned Hunting.
Using "neutronic foam", the aliens contain the meltdown. The writer convinces the generals that the aliens aren't hostile and the nukes don't need to be launched, but the aliens clearly have other plans.
Lifted his yellow beak at last
We can all rock out like an 80s glam band.
Nominations will be open until Sunday, April 5th, 2011 at midnight. All books nominated will be screened to check that they are eligible, then passed along to our Round 1 Judges. Round 1 will narrow down the books for brackets, and our Round 2 Judges will get started in early May. If you'd like more explanation about how the judging process works, check out this post.
“The chicken’s story checks out,” said Hermel with a grunt.
I also love a good WILD RICE... technically not a "rice" but a "grass seed" but still delish and healthy and filling. It's pictured above...
With the absence of separating streets, the question is raised whether the space feels public? I feel the answer is mostly yes. And that is largely because of the excellence of the execution. Interestingly, the park is partly carved out of private space which was then made into this public space. That this space now feels public is that much more of an achievement. To pull together enough space to make the very small park work there were negotiations with adjacent owners to have them give up space that would otherwise have been used for private landscaping or other use including things like back-door access.
Oh yeah, and we started Mikael’s dreads. It only took 15 hours.
The same memo reports that Manouchehr Mottaki, who was then Iran’s foreign minister, was sent by Ahmadinejad to “get a direct answer” from Mbeki about South Africa’s alleged promises to sell arms to Iran. Mbeki “would not like to be drawn into the matter,” his spokesman Mukoni Ratshitanga said today by mobile phone.
keeping everything very neutral and serene.
Taxes are finally done, eyes are glazed over, and the wolves are circling.
I am so thankful for these brave souls who were foundational in the establishment of our beloved country. It's something I sometimes take for granted, but I am thankful.
It's called a Graffiti bag and YOU can have what you want printed on it! I selected London, Buckingham Palace and Tower Bridge to honor our recent visit, and when the bag arrived, I was thrilled! It was MORE then I expected! It's got lovely handles, pockets, little metal feet on the bottom.... You should check out their website... They've got some AWESOME products... Just had to show off my new stuff. Don't we all love our stuff? :)
This is the kind of love a grown man feels for a grown woman. Adult love. I mean, not like 'adult bookshop'. Mature love. I mean, not like 'mature' love, like on the websites I've found in my mother's internet history. Special love. I mean, not like 'special' love between a woman and her bulldog...oh, fuck it.
Sometimes we just need to stop and watch the fishes.
Wedding to take place from September 2009 - May 2010 (as long as it is an available date for the vendors)
I miss my grandmother.
I know that it’s wrong
I’m disappointed about Stockholm. Not that I felt that Powell was going to be a game changer in the race, but because we need to see him in the race. I want the event to be more than a head to head among the Big Two. I want to see the final in Daegu as a question mark before the gun for the final goes off. I want to see the 100 meters where it was in the late 90’s – with four or five men taking to the line as EQUALS with the outcome in question. And for THAT to happen we need the best of the best on the track competing against each other on a regular basis. Some need to take their lumps in order to reach the level of the others. Sometimes you have to win in order to lose. And those that fear losing, will. And I think therein lies the career of Powell to date. We will see what story the 2011 Chapter writes.
The hardest part was our broom cupboard. It is a odd width and depth and I was not utilising the space effectively. My solution was to find containers that would fit the whole space but after searching and searching I could not find anything to suit. Which was a good thing as it turned out because after the purging and relocating I actually have unused space in this cupboard.
No regrets for destroying churches and synagogues.
I think of storms as redemptive
While the noodles boiled, I grated up some parmesan cheese and got out my breadcrumbs. I make homemade breadcrumbs by grating up any leftover or stale bread we have on hand, adding it to a jar, and keeping it in the freezer. This way I always have my own homemade breadcrumbs on hand when I need them. (I find the store-bought variety to be too much like sand.)
Recently I realized my collection of vintage tablecloths were not being
Everything around me is foggy,
Interviewee: “I dunno.”
For the bedding, I also went pretty simple. I didn’t go with any particular set, finding them to be too babyish, but rather purchased all the pieces separately.
Carroll then explains the two ways Krauss considers how one gets something from nothing: one way sees time as a fundamental property of the universe, the other as an emergent property—indeed, even an illusory one. (Don’t ask an aging biologist to explain how time can be illusory; that’s above my pay grade.)
Nothing is worse than sitting down for your christmas meal and having someone more intrested in updating there facebook status to ‘enjoying christmas meal’….. just enjoy being in the moment!
Krathong
And my husband is leaving it up to me.
“Hand it over,” the cop says.
I won't give away the ending, but I will say that this book uses a plot device that I've always felt was gimmicky and a no-no for most credible works of fiction. The writerly advice I've always heard is to avoid this device, but it's blatantly used here. It's probably what makes the story work, but it's also what makes the story shallower than it could have been.
I'm thankful that I see my mom several times a week, talk to her a dozen times a day, and have her (and my father) care for my children when I'm at work. I'm thankful I have an equally amazing grandmother (and grandfather) who also take care of my children, my house, and me, every week. I'm thankful I have a mother-in-law (and father-in-law) who cook amazing food for my children, take them to and from school, and look after them, when I'm working my 9-to-5 shift, Monday to Friday.
The yellow cardstock is from DCWV and I used the scalloped die from Lifestyle crafts to cut it. Blue grosgrain ribbon that matches the blue polka dots used to hide the seam!
(a cushion/pillow, a vase, painting, or flowers).
Winning number is #20
‘‘(A) shall only be shared in accordance with any restrictions placed on the sharing of such information by the protected entity or self protected entity authorizing such sharing, including appropriate anonymization or minimization of such information;
WE KNOW EXACTLY WHO SPENT THE MONEY
Be different from the world. Thank God for what you go through. Out of your mess will come a message to bless others.
Ducking down behind the cars on the opposite side of the road, I led the way. Like that we crept along until we were right opposite the old house. I raised myself just enough to be able to see. “All the lights are out. I don't think he's in.” I reported back “Shall we go across and have a look?” At my brothers nod we both came out of hiding and crossed the road.
Remember when Ibbitson wrote this about Harper and others in relation to electoral fraud in the last federal election?
20. Meet more blogger friends: I feel like I've met so many awesome people through my blog this year. I hope this continues for many, many years to come!
Though the title of this post says Arthur Devereux, I’m going to begin with Elmer Ellsworth. Ellsworth, as you may know, was one of the very first casualties of the Civil War. Friends with the Lincoln family, and a special favorite of President Lincoln’s sons, Willie and Tad, Ellsworth took it upon himself to destroy an obvious threat to the morale of the Union–a Confederate flag flying high in nearby Alexandria. We know the outcome–young Ellsworth was shot and killed, then held in state at the rotunda in the Capitol and instantly became a martyr and symbol of the cause of Union boys signing up left and right.
”The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with himself, God, I thank thee that I am not as other men are, extortioners, unjust, adulterers, or even as this publican.” (Luke 18:11).
Welcome to Killarney
REQUEST: There are many people out there who now know what I have been up to this year. People are beginning to send me links, ideas for apps, articles about the iPad – LOVE IT! There is nothing better than having more ears and eyes out there than my own. Life becomes so busy that sometimes my time is limited and I can’t do the searching and mucking around that allows me to find the gems that are waiting out there to be found. If you, in your cyber travels, find anything you might think would be useful – please don’t hesitate to send it along. I am by no means an expert. I am a teacher trying to find her way through a year of having iPads in the classroom. Any and all links, suggestions, articles, and apps would be of great use to me. AND, thank you to those who already send me things. It is greatly appreciated.
2010 Snowy Morning (6th), Arbor Supreme (UR 15th); The Midnight Club (6th), Dooney’s Gate (Fell 6th), Arbor Supreme (Fell 28th)
“He refuses to appear anywhere with John Howard.”
Slice each sausage in half. You can use Italian sausage or any type of flavored sausage.
“How many, victims,” Jerf asked, having obviously picked something up from the Grand Master that Rayloth missed.
Last week was Restaurant Week in Amsterdam, for €25 you can try a 3 course menu at one of Amsterdam's finer restaurants that you might not usually be able to splurge on. We were a little lazy with organising so we only got to try two restaurants, we will definitely try and reserve in advance next year.
Emily ran corporate public relations firms in New York and Dallas for clients CBS, Scholastic, Frito-Lay, Morgan Stanley and others, and was Director of International Business and Acting Commissioner to the United Nations and Consular Corps for New York City. She co-authored the book Living with the End in Mind, published by Crown Books and featured on The Oprah Winfrey Show numerous times. She has written for BlogHer and MomsRising and several books and anthologies. Emily lives in Larchmont, NY, with her husband, two girls and their hyper-active dog.
read and understand! :))
"Protected has equal parts romance and thriller. This fast paced novel has a little something for everyone!" -Lani Woodland, author of Intrinsical
I bought my very first copy of Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland while doing graduate work in India. Renowned for its mysticism and unusual happenings, India seemed like an appropriate place to enter into the intriguing world of Charles Lutwidge Dodgson, best known by the pseudonym Lewis Carroll.
For more detailed analysis, I shall split this by 1v1 matchup. (Also, any numerical values below are based on the beta as of 3/22/10. Specific statistics are likely to change in the future.)
Here they are at 4 hours, they looked nice but I felt they could go longer:
I found this card while having a sort out and realised I hadn't taken any pictures so out came my camera and voila ( that's such a strange word VOILA mmmnn ) I've used the fantastic new papers from Whimsy with this card I just love the papers Michelle s making at the moment they are sooooo cute.
He would usually gulp down his food and wait for me at the door but when it is time to go down, he would make a great fuss and has to be persuaded to wear his harness. If I decide that it was too much trouble, then he would come close to me and look pretty sad or come right up close and stare me down.
Seeing the continued success of Pokémon and Magic: The Gathering, toy giant Hasbro bought Wizards of the Coast in September 1999, for about US$325 million.
I had to go into the school this am and talk to Z-Toad's teacher. It will be 80 here today and I told the kids not to bring their jackets because the school's policy is that they wear out to recess whatever they were sent to school in. Completely stupid. Wouldn't want anyone to exercise reason or common sense.
Crooklyn Dub Consortium
I decided to rest near the retaining wall to catch my breath and I encouraged my partner to walk ahead of me to the store. After a short rest, I decided to climb up the steps. I thought I was doing okay until I got to the top. I stepped on the dirt that had some ice under it and I fell on my knees and my stomach.
of tired-of-trying losers,
This is a question only Susan can answer.
I don’t dial those three numbers lightly. The lines are limited and every response team is precious, from EMT’s to the SDPD.
2 squinted
How stupid is it not to use coal when the U.S. is the Saudi Arabia of coal?
Be a bunch of sweeties,
Dear followers, when I was browsing through my old pictures, I found this, it’s a two handed rod that I built and fished around for a while but then I sold it and I regret now.
Be Careful
The Other People Exist All Parody Issue, containing the best of Kurt's ad and cartoon parodies, was published in 2009 with the idea that Kurt would sneak it onto the shelves of area bookstores. Kurt chickened out at the very first store he entered, leaving him with six copies of this rare issue. Recently, he gifted a copy to blogger VE as a thank you for this year's commenting payola, and VE had this to say about the issue:
Director: Joss Whedon (certificate 12A, 142minutes)
Next week is Stone Week here in the Show-Me state. There are set to be events all over to welcome Stone to Missouri. The statewide details are here. Sycamore and Uprise Bar are set to host two events on Saturday, April 23rd. You can find the full list at Stone's site. Details for Columbia's events are below.
they all agreed;
Penny L is 48 and lives in Dorset in the U.K.
Frances
The layering could be more straight, and I probably should have a thicker pistachio mousse, but overall, the cake was delicious! Just like any other Hidemi Sugino desserts, even though it has a lot of components, it is so light. I didn't get to taste more than a spoonful but it was enough to convince me that Mr. Sugino is a genius in the pastry world, even the pickiest eater of all time (read:M), said that he would eat the whole thing if he was given the whole individual cake, that itself making all the effort worth it.
Melissa Mark-Viverito
My heart is broken!
Here is what the boy has been up to:
Many sensible people commented on my post yesterday as to why the “Switcheroo” plan would be a non-starter. This was for various different reasons such as UEFA sanctions, Registration requirements, SPL licences, insurance for players, TUPE regulations, HMRC pursuit etc etc.
Still, when you look at the research with children in poverty (especially Eric Jensen's book) you will note that one of the best models is exactly what we did 20 years ago...Enrichment. I happen to teach at a school like most of America that has about 30% low socio economic students mixed with 60% middle class and about 10% upper middle class. What we have found is that ALL students benefit from an Enrichment model.
Rounding out the album, “Silent Night” takes a more traditional approach, largely a capella with a multi-tracked multitude of Smiths capturing the haunting quality of such a twilight.
When had things been good? What point in time was I so eager to return to, where I hadn’t been wracked by guilt or nervousness? By the time I got over my fear of getting caught, I’d run away from home and cut ties with my dad. Then, before I could come to terms with that, I’d found out about Dinah, which had affected me more than anything else. I’d terrorized hostages, maimed a supervillain, hurt superheroes, but it was Dinah that left me lying awake at night, feeling helpless, feeling like I was the scum of the earth.
Street called Straight.
“It (academic qualification) is an important asset that helps to improve my performance in this company,” Ang says.
The paper is from My Mind's Eye, the little roses and hat pin are from Wild Orchid Crafts and the tag with the sentiment is from Magnolia (Dream Tag). The big tag I used as a background, I believe is from 7 Gypsies, but I'm not sure. Sorry :(
nowhere closer
I bought a new paper pad Desert Blooms by Trimcraft and must say I love it, the papers are fab quality and the glittered ones are gorgeous. I cut the glittered flowers and leaves out and raised them up for a little definition
And, I liked the Maps. They were really helpful, and I discovered some things that I hadn’t thought of before.
DJ KU (Dynasty, Tampa)
We are unacceptable; He is excellent..........and He calls us to be like Him."
We are renters. Our home came with a very awkward space for storing linens and such. We decided that building a linen closet would be worth the money to not have to look at all of our "stuff" anymore.
No matter what type of fish or seafood you choose, SparkPeople Dietitian Becky Hand offers these top 5 tips for adults* to enjoy healthy fish:
That’s enough said or written as the case may be.
Someone, or something, or somewhat sent me the MCR issue of Rolling Stone. (It's not really about the band, it's more about Gerard Way and his weight loss which BTW he is cute pudgy or thin) BUT I WAS SO HAPPY! But mildly creeped out. BUT SO HAPPY!
Bake for 30 - 35 minutes. Let cool completely before slicing.
I was feeling pretty good about my so-far sugar free day until I happened to glance at the ingredients in the chicken broth. As I was using the Whole Foods Store Brand Organic Chicken Broth, I had not thought to check its ingredient list first. I was really surprised to see "evaporated cane juice" as one of the ingredients towards the end of the list. Sugar!! Drat!!
Once you have bought something, you will find the same item being sold
I am OFFICIALLY A TEAM BEACHBODY COACH!!!
Let all the spices set into the chicken for several minutes.
What is so fair as a day in May? When the sun shines from a blue sky on the tender green emerging everywhere. When young spring flowers elbow forward with a single message, “Look at me!”, whether boldly or shyly, depending on their temperament. When this old world once again renews itself, all fresh and glowing.
Where clouds can’t hinder
According to Watson, the time had come for Barbadians to ask themselves how far they were prepared to take development and “do we want to concretise this island from North Point to South Point?”
them occasionally during baking. For the dip. I used 1/2 cup marshmallow ice cream
Then I stopped by to see a friend who lives in Long Beach. We walked his dog, grabbed a bite to eat (it ended up all over my hands and clothes--but was so good) and looked at vacation pictures. And it just keeps on going--next week a girlfriend from college (who I haven't seen in years) is coming up with her girls and we're going to the Observatory. And I have plans to see Eat Pray Love and probably Winter's Bone with another couple friends. Lots of fun going on here. But not a lot of picture taking. Sorry about that!
cup of water, carrot and radish. Cover and continue to cook for about 1o
Sudanese officials said that South Sudan’s fighters have exercised deliberate sabotage and set fire on the oil infrastructure in Heglig.
dated January 3, 1943
Then it was Asafa Powell's turn. Like Fraser, Powell had been beaten twice this year by Mike Rodgers (US) this year's break through sprinter. Powell, like Fraser, blitzed the start, and ran free and clear of the field winning in a romp in 10.07. Compatriot Steve Mullings was 2nd in 10.29 with Rodgers a far back third in 10.30.
Glinn tells Lloyd the EES will do it on two conditions: a hundred-and-fifty million maneuverability clause and a dead man’s switch. He hires Captain Britton to command the freighter who is having custody issues due to a previous intoxication on the job.
For years now, leading environmentalists have been bemoaning how much ground is being lost year after year, and how little the environmental movement has been able to do even to slow that down. They are quite correct in that assessment, of course. It’s standard these days to insist that this simply shows the power differential between the corporate interests that profit from environmental destruction and the citizen groups that are trying to fight them. That argument seems convincing, too, so long as you do what most people these days are taught to do, and ignore the lessons of history.
Don't forget ... if you're sporting either a Shabby Tea Room blinkie, Tea Time Terrific Top Three badge, Winner badge or Guest Designer badge, contact me via e-mail to be added to the Shabby Girlfriends Page!
To all my Chinese friends, have a great New Year ahead!
NEXT UP: The Bride of Frankenstein (1935)
The daisy is a button with the back cut off on top of some pretty blue satin ribbon.
Favorite New TV Comedy
As you can see, other members of the dispossessed have been in and sprayed the walls with their secret messages. A stray dog wanders in from time to time, but never stays. A tramp poked his head in the door the other day and asked me if I needed anything. He could spare some change, he said, for a cup of tea. I said, thank you, but once I get the stove
spring colours!
Differences:
- my health
Step 3: You're ready to apply the wallpaper to the wall. I started the installation from the center of the wall and worked my way out to the edge. Depending on the space and pattern of your wallpaper, you may want to start in the center of the wall or at the wall edge. Make sure the wallpaper is plumb by using a level.
2. Paradigms of Human Memory: I know a few people who straight up did not like this episode. I’m the exact opposite. I loved the idea of a clip show of clips we haven’t seen, so I would have been onboard no matter what. But the clips were so consistently funny, with the highlight being Troy’s “I’ve seen enough movies to know that popping the back of a raft makes it go faster.” It presents the group as absurdly dysfunctional without making the empty threat of “will the group break up?!” Loved this one.
In one fell swoop the council have made Brighton seafront the least attractive place in the country to park.
U.S. President Barack Obama bows to Tampa Mayor Pam Iorio at MacDill Air Force Base on Thursday, Jan. 28, 2010 in Tampa, Fla.
to bend my elbows to wash my hair,
15So, looking down from your holy place in heaven, send your blessing on your people Israel and on the land which you have given us, as you said in your oath to our fathers, a land flowing with milk and honey.
The thing is, I do get the need for a lyrical and actual intimacy in modern worship. The point of a lot of Western Protestant Christian acts of worship is to celebrate and bring the congregation closer to the living God who made them. What I sometimes find difficult is the language which we choose to do it, and the article makes the point effectively that the line can be crossed in spectacular fashion.
Wes Solether
Water when I turn on the faucet.
It is certainly true that the Church relies, in large part, upon the support of the faithful. And, indeed, it is even one of the Seven Precepts of the Church that the faithful must "contribute to the support of the Church". But does it follow that the priests and religious exploit the faithful or "live on" the faithful as a parasite does?
Available: Western states, through the summer
She became the President of the Residents, a type of liaison between the owners and the patients. She had a monthly Bible study, which grew from 3 to 22. The staff came to her with their personal and spiritual problems, asking her for prayer.
And for those of you who have found there way back to the sewing machine. I have a feeling that not everyone will have found their way back so there will probably be fewer blocks in this drawing. Also, I am taking the kids to see their great-grandma who lives a good hour a way. We will probably be home late. I may not be able to get to the computer before morning.
They haven't.
onions (4-5 cups chopped, which usually means 4-5 onions)
2 – While I can totally see being mad at the parent who broke my kid’s leg, I can also see moving on. Getting over it. Realizing it could have been ME. Lasting consequences seems a bit dramatic for an injury that, the article says, the children recover from in 4 to 6 weeks, without “lasting complications.” (Except, of course, for the divorce.)
You're focused on the wrong thing here. In a novel of suspense (which is what this is), you want to focus on the person who is the target. The less said about the perpetrator the better. Take out everything that isn't Gina. Focus on what she sees and fears.
This recipe cleans like mad...but hasn't done much to prevent my whites from turning dingy (which happens no matter what storebought detergent I use, too) - so I am still working on that part. I also do not use this for my baby's cloth diapers - I use Rockin' Green for that. For all I know, Rockin' Green could be made of the same ingredients in different proportions, but its working as is, so its staying. I should also mention that since I have a septic tank -- I have looked up all the ingredients separately and they all *appear* to be septic safe. Use at your own discretion...
From Homeschooling to Unschooling
Sheesh! I got them as possibly getting 5 points maximum out of all that lot, and that’s being generous. Plus Cisse is actually mental. I think Sparky has shown him how to tackle!
T-mobile mobile opportunities is often very easily receive by using all biggest multilevel firms from United kingdom for instance Vodafone, Virgin, Orange, Three, T-mobile plus O2. These offers usually are on the market with the help of both commitment offer and Pay Once you head out cope. Typically the written agreement come to terms will certainly provide users to help warning sign your written contract through virtually any of your online communities of their total choice. A lot of these deals will be gaining substantial range of clients on account of that gift ideas plus incentives them to offer you. Free presents be different across any diverse selection in merchandise for example coffee manufacturer, ipad tablet, camcorder, LED, Digital camera Cam, on the spot revenue rear etc. along with credits enjoy free of cost discussion time period a matter of minutes, free sms messages and in some cases Free tier rentals. That PAYG work with T-mobile cellphone is without a doubt significantly more ideal should you wish to continue an eye on on your portable expense. no cost gains are actually offered. There are actually diverse web based websites in which deliver these types of incredible offers in order that you can actually comfortably use these products. You are able to scan via plus pick this you which will satisfies most people plus your consumer credit rating.
Glade Save $1/1 PlugIns Scented Oil twin refill or Save $1/2 single refills (5/5)
You should establish your key early in the lay-in. "Keying" a painting means deciding where on the value scale your lights and darks will fall. A painting might run from an inky dark to a brilliant light, or the whole painting might be high key, that is, few or no darks. The whole painting takes place at the top of the value scale. A low key painting contains only lower (darker) values and few light ones. How a painting is keyed is your choice. You can choose to match the notes of nature in front of your easel or you can transpose up or down to a higher or lower key. Often a painter keys a landscape by spotting a few of the darkest darks and the lightest lights. Where the horizon meets the sky is a big contrast and if recorded early will set up the key for a painting.Your key might include only the top end of the value scale, the middle or the bottom or the entire range of values.
Hard times at the mo', so here's one of the best cover versions EVER. Kate Bush, may you reign forever. Just listen to the moment when Davy Spillane comes in on the old Uilleann pipes. Bliss.
Tip 3: Give her the right hair accessories
Reduced Access to Public Services and Quality of Public Infrastructure
HOWEVER… SOME COASTAL AREAS IN HAWAII COULD EXPERIENCE SMALL
Me: Yea
Innocence and Blood - Informätik
Brewed: 04-16-2009
His Citizen blog is called “Ideas and Consequences” and contains some interesting material. He seems to write series from time to time. His15 pieces on the monuments of Ottawa, as well as some of his travel writings related to his walking journeys are available for downloading from the paper’s website.
Band: The Spectrum
(Modern Haiku 43:1, 2012)
As an aside, we also debated on whether to switch Bug to the other bedroom a bit further down the hall to make room for the new baby. Ultimately, it was the presence of his man-parts that made the decision easy. I didn't want to repaint Bug's purple and lavender wall in boy colors. Laziness takes the day!
In this state, I completely ripped off ‘My Week with Dan’ and wrote the blog ‘My last week with Toby‘. This blog was COMPLETELY for me and I can’t tell you the difference it made. I don’t ever read it anymore but this is a snapshot of exactly how I felt when he left.
Why did you decide to do this project? After ten years of playing "around" the idea of being a professional artist, by obtaining degrees and work in related fields like art therapy and interior/industrial design, I recently made the decision to go directly for it, head on.
DATE: Friday, June 22, 2012
Good morning everyone. I pray you are having a wonderful start to your day. Remembering to start it with God. If you have little ones sit them down for a few moments before breakfast and talk to them about Jesus and how He loves all the little children and He will watch over them through this day.
Of a memory in your minds
So… I imagine us going out to dinner somewhere… it’ll be Thursday, August 22nd, 2019. I haven’t given you your real gift yet. I’ll still get you something you want… whatever that might be in 2019 LOL Maybe by then we’ll actually have hoverboards instead of skateboards…
Have you ever thought about why God did and does some of the things that He does?
Awwww, Stella!
"so you're the receptionist aren't you. Who's the brewer then?"
A great touch to this tale is the fact that the main bulk of the terror takes place on the other end of the telephone. Louis has to listen to the frightning events on the phone which is without a doubt the scariest element in the whole story. The reader goes through exactly the same as Louis; missing parts of the action and being left out of the loop. Brilliant technique. Applause for Monaghan on this. Loved this.
Between the reception for “new generation” librarians, an excellent session on being a leader in your workplace no matter your job title, and a presentation on libraries getting invested in social responsibility, I have come away from this week very encouraged and ready to get to work. After I catch up on my sleep, that is.
A rabble-rousing right-wing talk show host has been stirring up trouble. No, not that one: don't be so US-centric. I'm talking about Egypt's Tawfiq Okasha, who seems to have provoked today's clashes between pro-SCAF and anti-SCAF protesters outside the US Embassy in Cairo. Okasha, who as publicly supported the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces and denounced the release of the detained US and other foreign NGO workers, urged protests against the US Embassy and support for SCAF. (Yes, SCAF gets $1.3 billion from the US annually. Yes, there's no way the NGO workers could have left Egypt without SCAF signing off on it, but since no one has publicly admitted to lifting the travel ban, it must have been a plot. Don't try to be too analytical here: it will give you headaches.) Anyway, a pro-SCAF, anti=American protest assembles outside the Embassy, demanding the "deportation" of the US Ambassador (to Israel, since Israel had to enter in somewhere here).
Thank you, Amarys, for being you. For being in the world, and for coming into our family at exactly the right time. For being a girl. For being spicy and opinionated, and for your beautiful blue grey eyes, left cheek dimple, and preference for shoes. I love you, baby bird.
Stephen Gallagher – By the River, Fontainebleau
Pray you, undo this button: thank you, sir.
For the design, I wanted to use the Jewel Stones die's... so I cut them out using Shrink plastic, inked them thru the template and then shrunk them down using my heat gun! Then I inked a bit more to get the look I wanted, and wrapped them with wire to look like jewlery! String them onto a chain and it was a real unique acent for this page! Funky... just like the photo! LOL!
Happy hunting,
COP, who last week was hot and horny for principled governance hasn’t had a word to say….nor has TOP, MSJ or Makandal Daaga.
Picture, if you will, a typical lawyer’s office. If you imagine a large corner office in a highrise downtown, you won’t be alone. But that’s not where Bob Goff’s office is: his is on Tom Sawyer Island at Disneyland.
1/4 cup Wheat Germ
The Politician's Hymn. .........................Standing on the Promises
The God of Small Things is highly acclaimed, and I’m not so dense as to be unable to see why. I appreciate that many, many people love the prose and I can understand how the plot might keep one engaged. The characters are interesting, I guess. And certainly it’s well-written (in my opinion over-written, but more on that below).
Each day technology is molded into a new shape, a unique design, it’s faster and better. Today we have a new star in the scene ” The Samsung Galaxy tab 750″ a star which is by far the most ‘meaningful invention’ and to describe it in one word, I would say Irreplaceable .
The other half were busy, busy, busy with passionate activities like fishing (with friends) or hunting (with friends) or rock climbing (with friends) or taking pictures of themselves shirtless (never with friends and often alone. In a bathroom. What is that?!)
Bastards! She thought, before pulling a thermite grenade from her bodice, flipped the tiny stud up, and flung out her arm up and out as far as it could go–the weapon of mass destruction following suite.
After that the two just sat and talked all day. They found out they really had sooo much in common. They both ate the same foods, liked to watch the light sparkle through the clear stream, and hated those damn bears.
Hiring Will Start Jan 3rd
So at least for the moment, Dacri says, companies aren’t necessarily focusing on older or younger workers in their recruitment and training efforts.
She promised the haircut lady that she wouldn’t try to cut her own hair again, so we’ll see how well that works.
At least we got a cute picture with Flash the Fox.....
Prothero ends with a fine flourish by talking about "Christians suppressing heretical notion that the Earth is round". I suppose if you write a post peppered with totally discredited pseudo historical myths and demonstrate a high school level and totally cartoonish grasp of history you might as well end with an absolute doozy - the old "flat earth myth". Many of his readers lapped up this serving of the "Conflict Thesis" with comments like "this film really made me angry, and yet it also made me proud to be a freethinker". When one tries to caution that Agora actually took liberties with history, Prothero counters by claiming "so little is known about “facts” back in 400 AD that scholars have very little that is well documented and non-controversial". What? So we can just make up any crap we like then? Several events in this movie are actually extremely well documented. The destruction of the Serapeum is one of the best documented event in ancient history, with no less than five separate independent accounts of it. Oddly, none of them mention any library there or any destruction of books. Not even the hostile, anti-Christian philosopher Eunapius' account. And the contemporary accounts of Hypatia's death tell us it was caused by politics and had nothing to do with religion or learning. These accounts are entirely "non-controversial", but they don't support Amenábar's pseudo historical fable at all.
These days I work exclusively in the medium of panel discussions.
that leathery skin, our tongues
Straits of Love and Hate (Japan…Kenji Mizoguchi)
It's a typically American styled Burger joint. In fact one of the only things that Nick thought was missing was that the waitresses weren't rolling around on skates with mini white aprons.
Yet another great sampling session, this time with probably the strongest selection of beers we’ve ever had and the highest overall ratings as well. The majority of the beers were in the abt/quadruple category. These are very strong, tending to around 10% alc, and very malty, fragrant, and fruity. We had a few Belgian strong ales in the mix.
From the cover: In Fingerprints of the Gods Graham Hancock embarks on a worldwide quest to put together the pieces of a vast and mysterious jigsaw-puzzle of mankinds forgotten prehistory. In ancient ruins as far apart as Egypts Great Sphinx, the strange Andean temples at Tiahuanaco and Mexicos awe-inspiring Pyramids of the Sun and Moon, he reveals not only the clear fingerprints of an unknown people who flourished during the last ice age, but also disquieting signs of high intelligence, technological sophistication and detailed scientific knowledge of the cosmos aeons before any previously known civilisation.
Enjoy the hop!
Enlarge the top photo if you'd like a better view of my beloved WendyB fleur-de-lis necklace -- I was surprised how well such a small piece stood out against the velvet, so much so that I received several compliments on it during the evening.
Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a bking sheet with parchment or a silicone mat.
I really like how this came out. It's a really edgy design and a lot of people noticed it today on my nails. I got a lot of compliments. Here's a shot of my left (dominant) hand, although it doesn't know how to pose very well.
"For everything created by God is good, and nothing is to be rejected if it is received with thanksgiving."
Problem: Water collecting on floor around case.
I used a Stampin Up punch for the notebook style border, some American Crafts ribbon, the flourish was made with a MFT die and I got creative with the one a Marianne border die for the scalloped matting around the image.
In Plaistow, New Hampshire, a remorseful thief returned a woman's wallet to her in person, along with an apology letter. Congress did you hear that?
Crying to be heard.
(Our Highschool WAS Varsity blues. Ughh)
A Happy Heart w NM $15.00
Conners replied, "We do hear from some."
1 stick plus 2 tablespoons(10 tablespoons) cold unstaled butter, cut into small pieces
And in this Trinity none is afore, or after other: none is greater, or less than another;
Besides me the team is made up of the following talented ladies.
Studies may eventually conclude that Central America’s “mystery disease” is the result of a combination of the various factors. More conclusive findings, however, will require more and better-funded research. Resources are also desperately needed to better treat people like Maudiel Martinez, so that CKD doesn’t have to be what Dr. Brooks calls a “life sentence.”
Luna wanted to tell Grosso how big of an ass he was, but she couldn’t risk getting arrested. Not with that blade on her. She turned her face away from the Grosso, and the sight of Jackson trying to beat the crows made her shake her head. The birds were fighting back, but Luna didn’t think it would be long before Jackson hurt them. She chanted an animal call to appease
Hershey’s Pieces or Drops 8-10.5oz 2/$6
Noli Me Tangere
I’ve always been the one who reaches out, who makes herself very transparent (because I don’t believe that humans have much guessing to do), I’m confrontational and I say things that people don’t expect to hear (at least that’s what Haze said). If I say it, I mean it (to the best of my consciousness). If I don’t, don’t assume.
The lovely Laura Resau has a new book out! The Jade Notebook is the third in her beautiful series about Zeeta (read her Cover Story for The Indigo Notebook). Kirkus Reviews says, "In this third in a series of novels focusing on Zeeta and her wanderlust-stricken mother, readers are immersed in the details of a lovingly described coastal town in Mexico and an action-filled mystery surrounding the poaching of ancient sea turtles that make their home there... a graceful conclusion to Zeeta’s story."
Hubby and I like to relax in the evening surfing the next, laughing at the cat, and watching a bit of TV. Please be quiet about the laughing. I wouldn't want to hurt the cat's feelings.
(I have an Etsy friend who hired a coach who helped - ie sent my friend an url to a loan site - her get a small business loan. The coach then collected 10% of the loan since her contract stated she got a percentage of any debt she was able to broker)
I come from a family where church was taken very seriously when we were younger. Every Sunday we would attend church, without fail. I am sure it was not easy for my parents to get everyone ready and presentable every Sunday but they always succeeded. We were all dressed in our Sunday best.
By sheer coincidence, the economic fallout from Bain's decisions struck hardest in South Carolina and New Hampshire. They are among the first states with early primary elections that could affect Romney's run for the White House..""
OAK Racing will continue to utilise Pescarolo chassis and, in accordance with 2011 ACO technical regulations, will likely compete with an overhauled version of their current LMP2 Pescarolo-01 package. Technical details have not yet been announced.
The snow falls hard and don't you know
If it was just me, that would be fine, but I had a whole squad I was leading. I led 7 other people off the right path. A drill sergeant found us on the edge of the woods we were training and asked us if we knew what we were doing. She asked who was in charge and I reluctantly admitted it had been my turn. She took the compass and map from me and handed it over to another private. She looked at the rest of my squad and clearly said, “Never let Blair lead you with the compass again. If she is put in charge, help her fake it, otherwise you will all get lost again. Blair, always make sure you are with someone who knows how to read a compass.” Luckily this was just training, and luckily there were members of our squad who knew what to do to get us back on the right path and lead us to the next destination. (Later I found out that I was one of the worst privates to try to use a compass. I understood the concept on paper; I just couldn’t apply it.)
That skirt. Shit. It’s like she’s tellin’ us to come and get it. Gotta get me a piece of the action or I’ll die a fucking monk.
Unlike with my other clocks, I decided to scan this one before I painted the numbers on it, so that you'd be able to buy the painting as a print. Mostly I feel that my clocks don't really work as non-clock prints, but this one seemed a complete scene to me which I hope some of you might enjoy. So here is Atching Tan as a print in my etsy shop now.
2028.E-II/16/1973. “Epistle to the Barbarians,” On proper behavior at concerts and elsewhere. University of Chicago Maroon, Chicago, Illinois.
For I loved you even then.
How could I not? The story is damn good and the pacing is great. The story builds gradually, carrying the reader through the life of the protagonist, Katniss, letting the reader fully understand her, her community, her society. At first, I found the pace of the story to be a bit slow but this is done to give the reader a strong sense of the protagonist and also to ensure that the reader understands what type of society Katniss resides in. The development of Katniss was well done. She is unforgettable. I apologize for going on like this about her when I haven’t even given a brief about the story but Katniss is one of my favorite female protagonists. She jumps out at you as soon as you begin to read and stays with you after you have finished.
I pick up what appears to be a massive water gun and hose down Luna, my Mazda3. Fine. Easy. Now for some soap. I flip the knob to the "soap" button and go to get the spongy brush. While waiting for soap to start coming out of the spongy brush, I set down the water gun, which is still spewing water. (Actually, it's spewing soap now ... but I haven't figured that out yet.) You're supposed to put the water gun back in the holster thing when you aren't using it, but unfortunately I lack the common sense to realize this.
I have everything I want for Christmas; a full fridge, the log burner exuding warmth, my lovely family and the best friends in the world, and for now, I’m grateful that my health is holding up - health is everything. So yes, I’ll be counting my Christmas blessings this year more than ever, surgery behind me and with much to look forward to.
“Lancashire Officers will take the lead on this because they have the responsibility to ensure the safety of all children as well as to monitor the quality of education received by children educated at home.”
While the Goldstone Report certainly didn't start the movement to delegitimize Israel, it put it on steroids and gave it the imprimatur of 'social justice' and the 'International community'.
later that day i got this. my first and hopefully my last: i felt like i looked like a boy even though everyone kept telling me they loved it haircut. where i wore big earrings everyday to distract people from my short hair. disclaimer: people who have short hair i love you. you look beautiful. my friend laura has a short pixie cut and i love it and admire her. seriously. but here is thing. for me...losing my hair was significant. feeling insecure about my thinning hair and rather bloated face (thank you chemotherapy drugs that saved my life so i can not hate you but you did make me balloon up a bit) just added to the the various emotions and stream of thoughts and fears as we endured cancer. but....i like a good but...
Olive oil, for rubbing and drizzling
Our experience at Cafe Firenze was definitely positive. Both the food and service were excellent and the prices were in line with comparable restaurants. I'm looking forward to returning, no excuses needed. I would highly recommend a visit if you are ever in the neighborhood.
My Favourite Film: Chariots of Fire because a): I'm in it (well, a glimpse of my hand is), and b): it is the most uplifting film I know (plus I fancy the pants off Nigel Havers as Lord Andrew Lindsay).
This looks like a great scheme, improving shabby land and opening up the canal.
Not north, not south, all notts.
The photos are from a hike that my youngest daughter and I would make on occasion just SE of Boise, ID. We loved walking there, especially in the Spring and Fall. The scenery was amazing, and there is such diversity in the rock and ground there. Even though one might consider Boise to be in the middle of a desert, it can be quite beautiful and even green for a few months of the year.
Hamels and LaHair for Votto is pretty close to even, I’m not sure why he threw in the other guys. This one I took a long hard look at and decided against it. I countered with a LaHair and Lohse for Votto just to take the pulse, but it was denied quickly. I’ll probably acquire Votto at some point because this particular team has SP and OF depth issues and those are places I’m strong at.
There is a tradition that the Nephilim were giants, super-humans who were able to do supernatural things. Think of Goliath, or Sampson in the Bible.
Now, I know, I know. Normally, this stage is called Acceptance. Because this is supposed to be the part where we decide to accept things that you can't change. But this is the one part where we depart from the Norm and forge our own path.
Here are a few layouts I came up with.
There are certain facts (not speculations) that can't be ignored, and they could contribute to a different completed puzzle picture and ending than most perceived and/or assumed.
Strength: A team that can score the way New Mexico St can is going to win a lot of games in the WAC and that’s just what the Aggies did. They’re first in the WAC in scoring, second in field goal percentage and third in assists. In addition to that, this team gets over 41 percent of its misses. That makes them frustrating to play as they extend possessions that way.
over the city
But in the meantime, I will relish in the translation-required-speaking of our Elyas.
I’ve noticed, kids in the UK seem to spend a lot of time away from family members. Most of them are left to their own devices. It’s little wonder that gangs are attractive to them. For many kids, their parents are strangers they bear the same surname with – their parents are people who don’t know them at all, but seem to impose rules and instructions.
I would also like to claim him as one of the spokes people for some of the ideals of this blog.
Me: Then who’s Wesley Snipes?
Ah, my two favorite words!! Scallops and Lace. They sound so dainty and pretty. Cindy from Flourishes Design Team is challenging us to use Scallops & Lace in out Timeless Tuesday weekly challenge. The winner of this weeks challenge will win the Entire Flourishes March Stamp Release sets!! You can find all the details HERE on their blog post.
My girlfriend is gasping for air; she’s going catatonic
I reckon that there must be no stranger experience than that of driving an unfamiliar car - I mean if you're driving it for just one day then you don't have time to get used to the dimensions of the car or how the brakes react and little things like that. Which certainly make parking a challenge - lets just say that I made sure that I parked away from the other cars and let them park around me!! Hey - I wasn't wonky, I just didn't want to ding any other car or even this one!
2) The Award Conditions must be displayed at the Post.
Translation: This is a GAG…
The lawsuits’ revelations were nothing short of stunning for Guide employees – and PR consultants – who had all been assured of the company’s innocence. Meanwhile, attorneys for the company continued to proclaim there was no evidence to convict Guide.
Last night I threw up 7 times in four hours. I didn't sleep more than two hours...and not consecutive. I have no idea how I got sick, or what's wrong. This happened once before in the first trimester. I actually don't think it's pregnancy related, except that my immune system SUCKS when I'm pregnant.
All in all this is a exciting new Blend of Gin that will make everyones Pallet water. From traditionanl Gin drinkers all the way up to newcomers, it is refreshing and will def be a staple in my personal bar at home.
Do I want Juliet Sims or Tony Lucca to win “The Voice”? Juliet. Tony. No. WAIT. Can Adam Levine or Blake Shelton win?
Hmmmm…okay, I lied. The moon doesn’t solve this problem. Of course it does make our own inequity a bit cleaner and less crowded, right? Maybe?
These are risks posed to us all, so it is a kind of insurance. Also, societies with the greater gaps between richest and poorest have the most crime, so a robust welfare system protects everyone, even those who will never be poor.
These little booklets are perfect places to use those little scraps of paper that are too good to throw away - they are perfect embellishments - tear them & distress the edges.
Luise Rainer The Good Earth
for creating
We then headed back South down a quite luxurious and chill downhill. Our next mission was a bucolic excursion along Rock Creek Parkway. The weather at this moment was still threatening, but had not made any move, so we henced innocently. A few minutes later, after the absurd climb from rock creek expressway up to Calvert things got to get real. Always exciting, we saw the flashing blues atop an enormous DCPD Command unit that looked like a double decker bus outfitted for long term police enforcement bull. This kinda thing boils down to its symbolic nature. The long arm of the state reaches where now man has gone before and builds buses that look like Optimus Prime. This was the beginning…
The narrative structure of ITW jumps between the time leading up to Alaska and the time in Alaska, no doubt, to craft a drama that avoids being a non-drama. Of the three "classic" themes we teach in highschool, both Man vs. Nature and Man vs. Himself can be a little dull on the dramatic front, so ITW is crafted to allow for some interactions with other people. Stylistically, this might seem like a valid approach and stylistically it is. Conceptually, however, it is a cop-out, a failure to take head on the hermit issue. Of course, the responsibility is to tell the protagonist's story from beginning to end, to give a genuinely whole biographic picture, to provide all the so-called back-story that historically conditions the final hermit chapter. But the story-telling decision not to deal with this chronologically but rather to jump between the two time frames, this is not just stylistically expedient. It signals a lack of nerve when it comes to the central topic of his hermit-ism and the option of subjecting it to at least some line of criticism.
I am here to stand with you and say we all have doubts, we all have moments of uncertainty, your joining the likes of Moses, David, Abraham, Peter and more, just as God used their doubt to bring new levels of spirituality, he will use your doubt for good.
“I…I understand.”
Left Handed Brewing Company
However, within fifteen minutes we transformed our urban display to a classic yet artistic home for our creations. The feeling was incredible. My brother and I had put in a lot of work for creating that display and, in the end, we developed something that we were proud to present to others. If we would have commissioned the display, we would have slept peacefully and had a display worth showing, but no sense of accomplishment. If we would have just bought a bunch of things and thrown something together, we would have had an easy display, but one that didn’t get brownie points for creativity and labor. Instead, we put in the hours ourself and created something that we can use time and time again. Not only that, but our problem solving skills and teamwork were put to the test. (I think we aced it!)
At some point in the very near future, someone will come out (see what I did there?) with pictures of the good pastor on his knees in an airport men's room, or dressed in assless leather chaps dancing to Donna Summer under the mirrored ball in a North Carolina gay bar.
To finish off my CZ-75b SA I ordered a cajun gunworks hammer kit 3. The shipping was prompt and the order complete. Cajun gunworks was easy to work with through the entire process with prompt responses to emails before and after the sale.
My reply is this: that's the first revision. Then you see it's a huge sentence. What ELSE can you take out without ruining the rhythm?
There's some teacher prep involved and since there are a lot of steps, I spread the project out over a few days. The kids loved this project and were excited to see something so beautiful come from a pile of leftover junk. If you want to give it a go, you can download the detailed directions and templates by clicking the link.
“Life isn’t meant to go on forever, Kayla. Even you must know this.”
Almost all of the rise in nonmarital births has occurred among couples living together. While in some countries such relationships endure at rates that resemble marriages, in the United States they are more than twice as likely to dissolve than marriages. In a summary of research, Pamela Smock and Fiona Rose Greenland, both of the University of Michigan, reported that two-thirds of couples living together split up by the time their child turned 10.
According to the woman, the robbers kept threatening to rape her daughter.
P: Pittsburgh, PA ~ When we lived in Columbus, OH area and a dear friend of mine was (and is) living in northern PA, we met with our kids for a long weekend in Pittsburgh. We took in the museums, zoo, a few restaurants, solved all the world’s problems and had a few time. It also stands for the Phoenix, AZ area. Love it here!
A funny thing happened while we were working on La Boheme – I was asked to succeed the founding President. I didn’t want to, in face I was running for Public Relations Chair. I didn’t know anything about running an opera company? I hardly knew anything about opera? But just as I did at my first rehearsal, I put on a brave face and acted like I’d been there before.
This is my last post for Creative Card Crew. I have decided to step down and hand the reins over to Mari Harpham! She has graciously accepted the role of new owner and will be taking over shortly. To make the transition a little smoother, we will be taking a three week break starting now. When Mari takes over, she will be going back to an every other week challenge. Thank you all for your kind support over the time I've been in charge. It's been a wonderful experience!
And this you ought to know-
Seems something raspy burned and browned
When I say we...I mean HE....
The information in it is vast, but if they really want to know, it’s all been documented for them.
This was Spencer Tracy's last completed MGM film, after two decades with the studio. According to one biographer of Tracy, the script did not originally call for the lead character to be a one-armed man. The producers were keen to get Tracy but didn't think he'd be interested, so they gave the character this disability with the idea that no actor can resist playing a character with a physical impairment. Tracy was still reluctant so they lied and said Alan Ladd was interested in the role. The false buzz worked and Tracy took the part.
S-Juan Cruz (2)
Reverse Grip Chin-Ups 22 28
Stamps: Magnolia Tilda with Lollipop. Sentiment from Stampin' Up Yummy Set
this is a gentler option than, say, Bioshock Infinite. Or Fallout 3.
Their new annual is great, lovely look and feel (quintessentially British), typography and illustration - hats off to Mark Denton Esq., Dave Dye, Sean Doyle and Steve Bright and everyone else involved. Blimey, I might even join.
Sneaking in crawling
Now I'm not one to make to quick of an assumption but then one of them goes and says something quite flippant to me and I think
Work and school are a wonderful distraction, and I have been forcing myself to go to the gym.... I always feel better after that. Its amazing how music can really help with things, here are some songs that are helping me:
From a quick “lol”
Now I should explain that William Saroyan is a great favourite of mine – ever since I read his short story ‘Seventy Thousand Assyrians” – now I’ll tell you how great a writer he is because I went Googling (as one does) for a story called ‘A Hundred Thousand Armenians” – that’s how much the idea of the story had grown in my mind. I knew Saroyan was an Armenian so why would he write about Assyrians? Now the thing with Saroyan is that he is one of the few writers who could be called great and still be very comfortably published by Readers Digest. And as more than one person has thought “for such a great writer you have written such a lot of tosh.” But because he was Armenian, and because he was a drunk and a gambler and a bluff, sentimental, thoughtful, honest man he was very popular – and there is to this day a William Saroyan Society. The things you discover once you start Googling.
1 aloud
Okay, I thought. I suppose I could be open minded.
Keep an eye out for the winner. I'll post it here and on my FB page.
I read a quote recently on a running website that noted “There’s no such thing as bad weather, just soft people.”
He might not get my rider back in time for the next mowing. I needed the little push one “just in case” (while all the time I crossed my fingers that I would not have to walk behind and push mow my whole yard). Seven days later, with no word from Lindsey, I gassed up the mower for the huge job ahead of me. Pull after pull, the mower refused to start. My kind neighbor across the street observed the struggle and offered me his mower. How could I refuse? Sit on that nice new John Deereâ with the 38” cut—why yes, that was a wonderful offer! So, around and around I drive getting as close to trees and bushes as I dare and in what seemed no time, I was driving Jimmy’s mower back into his garage. Now, back to what could be causing my little red mower not to start. Carefully I tipped it up to see if piece of a branch could be blocking the blade. Not so, but then I see it! Aha! The spark plug is disconnected! One simple connection and Whrrrr, I am in business.
LANSING, Mich. (AP) – An increase in the amount Michigan drivers will pay into a fund for accident victims with brain damage, paralysis and other catastrophic injuries is renewing a call by some lawmakers for more transparency in how the rates are determined and broader insurance reforms.
It becomes distracting to the viewers if the film switches back and forth from 3D to normal projection because some scenes are just too difficult or expensive to transfer to 3D.
Let’s face it: on our deathbeds, the accomplishments that matter most to most of us probably won’t be recounted thus: ‘In 2012, I sold another thousand copies of someone else’s middle-of-the-road blockbuster to an overweening VP with really bad hair and worse manners at a giant monopolistic corporation that was destroying my grandkids’ futures. Man, I lived.’ So while I too sometimes feel enchanted by the seductive power of glittering fantastic excess that seems to have mesmerized my little informal sample of Manhattanites, I’d also like to challenge them — and you — to consider the questions of mattering in a slightly more sophisticated, humane, considered way.
And no, I’m not gross enough to just eat bread with mayo. I also grabbed a rotisserie chicken for Jake, since he did not approve of the fish tacos.
Tomorrow 10 pm, the fight ends and the fingernails start getting bit.
I was on my feet talking to people, making deals, and selling things ALL MORNING.
ONE YEAR LATER
Perhaps I am alone in my failure to imagine the creative process. The truth is that I love these recordings to such a great extent that it floors me to imagine rehearsals, arguments or lyric sheets. Perhaps it is a foolish admission, but for me, it is as if these songs are so perfect that I cannot even imagine them being conceived. Perhaps if I could imagine it, I could believe and maybe even anticipate that potential that exists in us all: the potential to create something meaningful and significant to a great many people.
So here are some ladies to keep you entertained while Stephen and I squeeze in some family time
I know the feeling because I’ve been there before; from the living room it feels like we can plan 250 miles per week and be done with the entire trail in less than 10 weeks. But once on the trail, a walk of only two or three miles causes you to realize you were down right crazy to plan such an ambitious hike. Somehow a person never considers the tired, aching muscles when making plans.
Our John Deere mini tractor is being delivered tomorrow morning. Oh boy! I can’t wait! I feel like a little kid at Christmas time!
It was her first letter of love written to liberty
DA Southern is an Author, Speaker, Blogger and a Personal Development Life Coach, teaching the spirit of living in Now Moments with the principles he experienced during over 35 years as an actor and director in live theatre. DA coaches his clients to rid life of limiting beliefs that have kept them from achieving miracles in all areas of their life by embracing Mindfulness of the Present Moment with a renewed Vision for life. Contact DA Southern for Coaching or Speaking @ dasouthern@directyourpower.com
and asked him to write more clearly
go to pool
The Knights of the Old Republic (KOTOR) is another BioWare game with memorable characters and distinct styles. Bastila Shan and Carth Onasi are two amazing characters in KOTOR so I decided to put together an outfit for them!
Bare earth, silken breath of mountains and streams
Man has always been a scourge on the planet. The delicate ecological balance that existed among millions of species for millennia has been hopelessly thrown out of whack by the evolution of modern human beings. Now, instead of a world populated by lush forests, sky-blue lakes and majestic wildlife, we have strip malls. We have Branson, Missouri. We have off-shore oil drilling rigs. We have the Volkswagen Jetta. All, the perverse product of Man.
Get over it.
The good news is that tomorrow we celebrate our 16th wedding anniversary. As cheesy as it sounds I love Mr. LC more intensely than I ever have and I honestly cannot imagine my life without him. I am lucky. This I know. He took tomorrow off so we'll pal around all day, have our regular gig at the shelter, and then (though it feels weird to go from shelter meal-serving to eating out) go have a nice dinner together. We don't do gifts but we do make homemade cards and it's always a contest to see who can outdo the other...he always wins :)
My sole issue is the title. Well, also the cover, but having worked at a publisher I know that’s not his fault. But there couldn’t have been less creative thought put into this title unless it was called “A Book About Tigers and Such”. Nevermind, that would have been better. I suggest “Jaws 4: The Revenge: This Time It’s Personal (But With A Tiger)”. Or something, it could be worked on from there.
Hope everyone had a great weekend, and have a fantastic day today!
After draping the lining over Ashley's stays, the back en fourreau pleats are formed and stitched to the back lining. The draped front bodice lining pieces are used to cut out the front pieces in the lavender linen. These front pieces are then lapped over the back panel and stitched down, and their corresponding lining pieces folded under and stitched to the lining to conceal the raw edges inside.
A: Yes.
Heather xoxox
Grab the HTML for the entire post (will look like the post below):
So the point in disappointment is to learn, live now, change and build up an impressive collection of experiences. There is no shame in feeling upset or being annoyed when you are disappointed, but the sooner you let it go the quicker you can enjoy yourself and what you have now.
Seemed out of place
Nurses aren't supposed to laugh, she told him.
Perhaps investigators will finally get around to treating the disappearance of Kirk von Ackermann as the unsolved murder that it is.
What is interesting about this is that chicken you started with. Well. It's like it multiplies. After you eat your tacos. You will still have LOTS of chicken left. You can freeze some. You can make chicken nachos. You can make enchiladas. Taco salad. Tortilla soup. Or just keep noshing on it as you do the dishes. And wonder about the mystery of your disappearing leftovers.
They sing a psalm softly together
Mick has been on the free scene since 1980 has worked with musicians such as saxists J.D. Parran to Alan Wilkinson, guitarists Derek Bailey to Hugh Metcalf, percussionists Tony Buck to Steve Noble and Paul Hession, bassists Marcio Mattos to Simon Fell, pianists Chris Burn to Stephen Grew and Pat Thomas.
Random Winner!
In just 5 months, out eBay auction of unclaimed property from safe deposit boxes has surpassed $110,000 and is just $87.06 away from breaking the 2010 total.
I am nothing but an empty box with holes
Around 200 youths had gathered on Market Street in the centre of Heywood, swamped by police officers with dogs in vans at the ready.
“Rel?” her voice was hoarse and thin. “Your logic... Does it hurt?”
Mix the purees with Korean chili flakes, anchovy sauce, shrimp sauce, and sugar. the filling consistency should be more like thin banana bread batter. Adjust amount of stock if needed.
Yet he is still elevated to near sainthood by a largely unquestioning West, an icon carried aloft on the idealism of the young and the shoulders of those who hate racism.
I typically do not blog only on my son's room but that has been my main focus this last month! I know this will be my only chance for the next few years as it's only once that your boy outgrows a twin size bed and moves up into a full size bed. It would have been so much easier to just purchase full size Disney Cars bedding to match his room decor but instead we have completely taken out everything associated with cars and switched over to Superheros.
So with London Fashion Week (#lfw) starting tomorrow, I figured a better plan of action was to rather just get stuck straight in, to pull the plaster off and go for it.
we touch
In fact windsurfing was invented on Hayling by Peter Chilvers in 1958. He fixed a curtain to a board and took off on the waves giving birth to a brand new worldwide sport.
T-shirt: "Star Trek: The Experience" gift shop in Las Vegas.
Quiz Show (Stu Linder)
Also, with the photo biz starting up I will have to start showing my poor photo blog some love (i.e. actually post something in it once in awhile).
F: How did I discover punk? Well I guess I’ve sort of been a punk in spirit and I was looking for anything alternative or different. And I played the saxophone and I saw an advert in melody maker for a punk musician. And nobody used the word punk in those days. I went to the interview and Polly opened the door, Polly and I sort of hit it off straight away. She was into jumble sales, and so was I. You know, clothes that Grandma would wear with pointy shoes.
So, this was the early seventies. Contact lenses were fairly new. I didn’t know anyone who had them during this time period. They had just come out. I knew that my sister would need them. Once her lazy eye stopped drifting over left of center. But, I was intrigued by contact lenses. I didn’t have the luxury of the internet to google information about them. But, I did listen to the radio. And that’s where I heard commericals about them.
The new permanently re-designed range will be replacing all other previous Diesel styles and is now available worldwide. Playing with the new collection made me realize how good it can be to sometimes try other styles than the good old skinny. Which one is your favorite?
5) The game is over when time is up, or when one person gets all the cards.
That said, I got a book into production that had the same title (same genre, slightly similar plots) as another book at a much, much larger company. We had both announced our deals in PW, and just missed each other through neglect. At the last minute, the big house called me and tried to bully me into changing my title--but we were already close to press, and so we won (they had to change). There is no moral to this story, really; it only proves that it could come about that no one ever notices your title match.
6.zombie dance
Gantz 358 (28:50 – 30:44)
—I love you . . . –Love ya back. –Courtney Eldridge
I'll be entering this card into the following challenges:
53 min: Santon gifts possession to Chelsea and immediately putsw his own team udner serious pressure. Bosingwa gallops forwards and clips a dainty pass into Mata, who, fortunately for the apologetic Santon, had strayed offside.
3:Avery Bradley- With celtics big four out should get lots of looks.
Now the Romanians claim that Vlad Dracul was unfairly maligned. They insist that he only ever bit women in the normal rough-and-tumble of coital frenzy. All that stuff about chasing English virgins and drinking their blood was revisionist history dreamt up by Bram Stoker. The real Count Dracula was the leader of national liberation movement. He slew Turkish invaders without mercy, impaling their bodies on well-greased skewers like so many kebabs. Crooked merchants and cantankerous women were punished more severely. The historical sources agree that he was sadistic but fair.
“They were distracted, I picked them off. That little freak that saw me with my mask off was wearing armor, so I had to resort to CQC,” Shadow Stalker made it sound matter-of-fact.
There was only a delicious few years of History teaching by Mrs Grisbrooke and Miss Wren before a terrible choice was placed upon me. ( I must have been fifteen). I had to choose one subject from Chemistry, History and Art.
I know what you’re thinking, those two ideas involved giving money of some sort and in this economy we don’t always have the extra funds. How about the single mom who could really use a babysitter for the evening so she could take a bubble bath at home and a nap? Or what about the pregnancy center, they could always use one of those beautiful baby blankets you know how to knit.
I have a couple of projects to share with you today.
decorating and entertaining tips for the holidays.
As most posts require the accompaniment of images, either for demonstration or simply enhancement to ones words, achieving that photograph can be a work of art in itself. With the recent post to a Cats Golden Years, an image was needed to illustrate several of my notebooks being used for the Family Secrets Revisited project.
We were glad the day was over when we arrived at the van park. Really nice park. Great amenities. Ordered pizza cos we could not be half-arsed to cook. Jordy and Darcy made friends with some other boys that were about 8 and 10 and they threw glow-sticks, kicked a ball, and ran around in the dark playing hide and seek until late. No idea where their parents were. The eldest boy said they were "just cruisin" which i guess means hanging out. But they came into the van to watch tv for a bit and i was hoping their parents had some idea where they were! ???
“It’s very predictable; we’ve been calling for intervention for a while now. The union is in crisis. We’re in court trying to sort this out,” Ms Jackson said.
And now I cry because I don't know how to help him. I don't know how to explain to him that it's not going to be painful, to tell him that if he goes just one time in a day he won't have the issues that he has. That the other kids won't make fun of him.
Zimbabwe’s actions also jeopardize a more ambitious $188 million Global Fund grant to Zimbabwe, due for consideration by the fund’s board on Friday, Mr. Parsons said.
Your life changes and you adapt to it. Right, obviously. You have to, willingly or not. But let’s take a step away from the major life changes and get down to a sort-of pop-culture level – when the soundtrack to your life matches up to what’s going on, it becomes meaningful to you in ways you really can’t explain to anyone else. And it’s not just music. It’s all the things I tried to make a Top-5 list for (for which I tried to make a Top-5 list). I mentioned Dubliners earlier…I’ve had to read it several times for several classes throughout college (and parts of it in High School). I appreciated it when I read it. I saw what the teacher/professor was trying to say. I got the issue of Violence. I got why you would consider it “World Literature.” But it wasn’t until after my senior spring semester, where I’d read Joyce’s other works and we discussed the obsession the man had with language that it clicked. Tt made sense to me. It finally fit into what I was trying to figure out myself (I’m Polish… but my goodness, my Polish is atrocious. My English is far superior to my Polish… The people in Poland consider me American. The Americans, will they ever consider me American… do I want to be considered American? Do people look at me weird after they try to read my name aloud and I correct them as politely as I can, sans Polish accent, and tell them to just call me Liz? I know my vocabulary is far more expansive in English, but there are still words I know in Polish that have a different meaning to anything I know, or can describe in English). And the best part is, this time it wasn’t assigned reading for a class.
Most often ovarian cancer is not diagnosed until it is in an advanced stage, making it the most deadly of the female reproductive cancers. More than 50% of the women who are diagnosed with the disease die within five years.
2 blood
without him seeing and we started to count it.
It's hard to use all of the glass, and I never want to throw any of it away. So I have molds I use to melt the small bits into a shape (like a frog or a heart). The most fun thing to make are the little donut pendants that are so popular. For that you simply use the top opening of the bottle, grind it down until you have a smooth edge, and then fire polish it in the kiln.
As for “everyday” use of light — Mother, let’s say love here. In your world love is boundless, yet that isn’t recognized even though the word is so commonly used that you could say it’s abused, like “I love artichokes” or “I love that song.” So first I’m going to say what love is not.
I’m currently reading “The Perks of Being A Wallflower” and the main character read this poem.
When cooked (you can tell by shaking the saucepan there should be no runny egg left in the pan) take a spatula and place underneath the Omelette easing it away from the pan, once this is done it should slide easily from the pan and onto the plate.
April 18 Hi-Tone, Memphis TN
Dark skies are not forever
And Frankenstein’s feet.
God knows the pride that burrows itself into our hearts; the tentacles it wraps around us as we seek fulfillment in accomplishments, in tasks completed, in people depending on us. I’ve written it before and yet need the reminder of my own words:
H – I’ve seen you working out. You look great!
Entomologist once asked me if I would like to go with her for a weekend hiking trip in a lovely state park in Texas Hill Country. What a lovely invitation! I so looked forward to going. So I was so hurt and surprised when, a few weeks later, she eagerly showed me the photos of her weekend-long trip to that park, oblivious to the fact that she had, once again, blown me off. I was polite and cordial, but inside, not happy.
To obtain the kind of shape she is in, you have to eat a super-strict diet, and I've never been that disciplined. I still eat Mexican food, ice cream, iced mochas from Starbucks, and drink wine, (but all in moderation).
mago-delish
Nup. There isn’t a lot to be found in the way of historical information on the net so I will have to give you all the straight guff from my own collection of books and such as well as a lifetime of experience.
We had planned to go to the rifle range today - when we went to bed, the forecast called for cloudy and breezy with a "30% chance of rain after 11AM". When the crazy cat woke me for breakfast at 6:30, I could hear the rain dripping off the roof. When I got out of bed for good, it was really raining hard. We need the inch of rain we got, but I could use some range time. It has rained virtually all day.
So, if your kids wanna know why they have to wear sunblock, just click on the photo of Jacob to enlarge it, and show them what will happen if they don't wear sunblock. They'll "get beat up by the sun", as Jacob says. Not a pretty picture.
Sat, 1pm: Score! I love my new Helmut Lang dress. Especially since it was half off.
Until a few weeks ago!
I reached down between her thighs to massage her wetted pearl. My finger found her pussy mouth swollen and open, drooling with the same slick hunger that was seeping from the slit in my cock. I made little circles around it reveling in the warm wet honey that was oozing from her swollen lips. Her pelvis began to gyrate following the path of my finger. Our lips were still merged but suddenly she stopped kissing me and she groaned into my mouth.
All the days ordained for me
Despite cries that devices such as the Kindle Fire were “killing” Android, Google’s mobile operating system is continuing to strengthen its presence among U.S. smartphone buyers. According to the latest figures published by comScore on Tuesday, Android had a 51% grip of the U.S. smartphone market in the three-month period ended March 2012. That’s up 3.7 percentage points from the three-month period ended December 2011. Apple’s iOS now has a 30.7% share, up 1.1 percentage points, followed by RIM (12.3%, down 3.7 percentage points), Windows Phone (3.9%, down 0.8 percentage points) and Symbian which maintained a steady 1.4% share of the U.S. smartphone market.
Pest operate is not a one-time-only process. It is step by step and continual. It should be part of your routine. It should be integrated in your household maintenance.
Vietnam
and not to forget my attempts to speak in english at PLKN; succeeded :D
Cinematography: David Abel
Anastasia Steele:
According to the lawsuit, BUILD began recruitment for the PATP in July 2010, with a letter stating, “After many years of delay, we are preparing to launch a pilot of the Pre-Apprentice Training Program for people interested in training for employment in the construction building trades.” The 8/4/11 information session, held at St. Theresa of Avila Roman Catholic Church in Crown Heights, drew hundreds of prospective participants. Hundreds then took an aptitude test for eligibility.
1 large can tomatoe sauce
Flat width : 2"
Obamanomics Is Making Us Go BROKE: A Look at the Sad Numbers
Since I’m writing this historical blog, here’s your first assignment of the New Year. You are welcome to leave them as a comment, but no, you don’t have to submit them to anyone, just yourself or your critique partner.
To start things off with a bang, postings from The Pulse have run since Saturday. Regular weekly postings begin on Sunday July 10th and will continue every Sunday thereafter.
So that's it for Lesson 9! Get out the paper, scissors and glue and have fun! Journal writings are included below. As always, do them alone or do them together, but keep writing!
As the elements assault each tingling nerve!
I realize it’s been several days since I’ve posted and I’m not sure if you’ll run from yet another missive about birds. But it’s my blog and I can do what I want, and in January around here, there’s not much else going on at the manor house on the hill.
-paids posts, text links,etc
chicken nuggets fries large drink. If you have 2 children here is a way to cut down on the food wasted and money spent.
At this point, I’d like to shift from the romance and emotions around kissing to the science behind it. Disclaimer: I took the unconventional desi path and studied the liberal arts in college and am far from being a scientist, but here goes . . . If you think about it, kissing is good for strengthening the brown gene pool. Scientists believe that kissing was a way cavemen recognized both family members and people who were genetically different. By mating with humans who were genetically different they insured their lineage (vital to ancestry-obsessed desis). When two people kiss, they are releasing pheromones and gathering each other’s biological information. In other words, they are exchanging biodatas, no?
I didn't realize how prophetic those words would be.
For many 1967 marked the beginning of the end of the great city of Detroit. The once great Detroit settled by the French in 1701 and later ruled by Great Britain. The same Detroit that survived the great fire of 1805, the same Detroit that was once referred to as the Paris of the west because of its great architecture, Detroit, Motown, the Motor City was crumbling from within.
If YOU want a chance to win a FREE dog or cat collar of your choice (just like Wilma did!) then you should check out our monthly Caption Contest.
Thank You Jesus for being our savior, thank You Jesus for coming down from heaven to atone for our sins. Thank You Jesus for loving us enough to come down from heaven and die for us. Thank You Jesus for rising again on the third day and then ascending into heaven to prepare a place for us and to mediate on our behalf. Thank You Jesus for healing us of our sins just like the invalid was healed. Thank You Jesus for being our great physician and for living in us and helping us. Thank You Jesus for all that You have done for us.
Well the school she was speaking at was under construction.
#277 & #278 Hank Blalock & Travis Hafner (Rangers)
Following are several videos, as well as access to the photo albums created by participants, documenting the spirit and magic of that week. We’ve collected everything together on this site for your convenience, so that you may relive those memorable moments of good friends, food and inspiration. But also, for those not attending this year’s event, we’d like to offer a glimpse into what took place. Other retreats will be available in the future, and we hope that you will consider making the commitment to join us for the experience of a lifetime—your unique lifetime!
By my own son erected!
Happy birthday, my angel. I love you forever and ever, babe. To the moon and back.
It's a new year. 2009 was awesome in so many ways. I learned a lot, acheived some goals, didn't acheive some others and have experienced what it is like to be in a totally supportive environment for the first time in YEARS. (yes, I'm shouting that one) I crashed hard the last two weeks of December and am slowly emerging into the studio. I have renewed my strength, reformulated some of my work. I have some new and exciting teaching plans for 2010, and I'm on some kind of track with my plans for growth and I hope to be able to report as things happen. (remember waaaaaay back here where I made some commitments to increase my income by tax time?) Once I crunch all the numbers I'll let you know how I did.
Sound familiar? It should! This is the very purpose behind CareNow Foundation and its Compassion Tea Company. The CareNow Foundation supports the Tanzania Christian Clinic in the rural village of Ngaresh Juu in northern Tanzania. About 6 km away from Monduli and about 50 km from Arusha, this part of Tanzania falls under the designation of a “medically underserved area.” The clinic’s February 2012 newsletter describes some of the typical complaints coming to the clinic: “Continuing to travel a long way to be seen, patients with malnutrition, rheumatoid arthritis, typhoid fever, amoebic dysentery, inability to urinate due to schistosomes (parasites) in the bladder, acute alcohol toxicity, fungal and bacterial skin infections, sexually transmitted diseases, scabies, TB, brucellosis, and HIV frequent the clinic.”
I cannot describe how shocked I was to discover that we had connected a firearm to a serious crime, and not a soul, not even the big chief in charge of the local police station, where the firearm was supposed to have been kept in safe custody, or the detective who collected the firearm from our lab, could tell me where the exhibit firearm was.
As the boys became more comfortable at Chelsea's home (the little doggy), I began to feel more comfortable letting them play and explore. Until the afternoon I looked up and Merrick had crawled out onto the porch (opened the screen slider door by himself, really), and crawled up onto this chair. As my heart jumped he was very proudly smiling looking over the railing. Lesson learned. Thank goodness for Auntie! Merrick is in love with her and Weston can't stop telling everyone about her cute kitty, Simon.
As some of you may know, I’m too cheap to pay for a means of television. I watch what I can get off of hulu for free. Not everything is available there, hence the reason you will not find The Walking Dead on this list. It would be, but I have to wait until the whole seasons can be bought in full. (As of now, I’ve only seen the first season, so no spoilers please!) This list consists of my recommendations via what I like to play on my laptop while working on making pretty jewelry for you!
MEYERSDAL: Ex-Springbok rugby player Japie Mulder robbed for third time by armed black attackers – one attacker shot by neighbour.
Hello ladies!!
Cream Cheese Frosting:
7) Enjoy with your favourite beer.
"Which way, front or back?" I asked. We dipped both ways.
Soooooo Sooooo Sorry I have been MIA again! I really have been so busy with a couple BIG projects, I have neglected ost things around here...including my nails! i want to give a sneak peek at what i hope to expand on tomorrow. If you can believe i have had this pic for over a month...waiting to be blogged!
Note that ferry and bus services are included in the admission price and tickets are only available online. To purchase tickets click this link.
Calm assertiveness is a must for dog training, but it is also useful in life in general. The next time you find yourself getting annoyed at a situation, find that center and try facing it with calm assertiveness. You will be amazed at how much easier even the toughest obstacles can become.
Revenge of the Fifth.
The 5 commandments of Tektonic are:
I certainly laughed during this film, I wouldn’t recommend not watching it, but I wouldn’t go out of my way to do so. Watch it on a movie night with your family, it will be worth the laugh.
And I slept right through last night...
Scott Brown is an equal opportunity aggravator. He aggravates the left, he aggravates the right, he really tees off the Tea Party, and other groups who took credit for his election, and he does so by virtue of the bills he sponsors, by the votes he casts – all with an eye towards what’s best for the State. In other words, he’s doing his job. One might want to find another Congressional representative that, in the partisan world of Washington, is doing the same. Good Luck.
By contrast, though there's certainly an element of indignity, from another perspective jail or prison just provides "three hots and a cot" for a finite, definable period of time, living in an environment where someone else controls their schedule, activities, personal space, you name it. Such restrictions essentially infantilize the inmate instead of teaching him or her how to be responsible for themselves. For a lot of offenders, it truly is harder to be responsible for their own behavior in the free world than it is to sit out their sentence in a cell without ever doing the difficult work to change their mentality, habits, or associations.
The two congressmen also warned that such an action could turn into a back-door bailout for banks holding second liens on enterprise-owned or guaranteed properties.
On the other hand, I am not easy to forgive men when they hurt women, its one of my weaknesses, so if you are man, a father or whoever you are and you got no respect for women, I got no dime of respect for you too.
Divine Twine Green Apple
Intern: Wait. What is this?
Reward the behavior: Anoint someone your company’s social media ambassador and make it their job to highlight employees who are using social media well within the organization. Maybe it’s a case where they were quickly able to address a customer service issue via Twitter or a neat contest idea they had for the brand’s Facebook page. By shining a light on these achievements you create a culture that is based on this level of engagement. And that’s something the whole organization and brand will be able to benefit from.
FAMILY VALUES: There is a bit of violence and some sexual themes.
It makes me nostalgic for The Cottage, friends, bonfires, porch dates…and turning 21.
Here’s a peek at the exhibit via the Arizona Science Center:
I eventually got onto the Prairie Path to head northwest up to Wayne. At Army Trail Rd, I turned around to head back to my car in West Chicago. About two miles away from my car, it started to rain steadily. I sped up to try to get back to the car as quickly as I could. I was worried the crushed stone trail would become waterlogged, soft, and muddy. By the time I got to the car, my shorts were wet, my shirt’s sleeves were wet, my gloves were totally soaked, and my bike was pretty dirty. The brakes did work perfectly, though. Either the rim didn’t get wet or the brake pads were able to maintain some grip. It had been at least 15 years since I last rode in the rain, so I was worried about how the brakes would behave when wet.
This is an old text I found in a hymnal that we put a new tune to. Some of you already know it; the rest of you I think can pick it up before too long.
On the left side of the image above we can see some kind of wooden stick, called a bèrè in Bamanan. It reappears in every subsequent shot of Sanogo during the newscast, for example while he is addressing civil service directors on Friday (below).
“Putin and his new government will face a delicate balancing act over the coming months” according to AKE Russia specialist Louise Taggart.
But I have a feeling that applies to the others as well, at least at the present time. None of them, in my opinion, has really made the sale yet. None of them appears to be an obvious choice for President yet, although Mitt Romney has done a fair job thus far of at least coming close. Plus, it's still very early days and the support of each candidate is still pretty soft.
Kung Fu Panda 2 couldn’t have been much less appealing to me but then, amongst many of the strange choices made by the Academy this year, it was nominated for Best Animated Feature, alongside the brilliant Rango and inexplicably pinching out the far superior The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn. Reviews were weirdly positive, and when I looked further into it I learned that Charlie Kaufman was a script consultant. Huh. My interests were piqued. The script for Kung Fu Panda 2 must’ve passed over Charlie Kaufman’s desk at a hell of a clip, because there isn’t a lot going on here that is more interesting or more engaging than the first film. Yes, perhaps this one is a little lighter on the catch-phrasey “skadoosh”-ing but this is still very much a vehicle for Jack Black’s goofiness.
I had been given some sort of honorary free membership for one year after Rob died, woop-di-doo! They’d given me such a hassle about moving my boat but made this pretense. I did call the General Manager once again to ask why WC was being allowed at the club and able to have signing priviledges? He didn’t have a real answer, but said he didn’t think it was allowed and he’d bring it up to the Board at the next meeting.
Thanks dad, I love you. I love you too, he said.
The Florida congressman and combat veteran understands the military, the American fighting man and woman, and more importantly, unlike the nimrods inside the Beltway, he understands our enemies. West has been there while hardly any of our present serving disgraces have. John Kerry doesn't count--Purple Hearts that he requested for wounds treated by a band-aid, then coming home to malign the very people he served with should have had him tried for treason and hung by the neck until dead. We need a warrior who's been there, done that leading our Department of Defense. West is the guy.
harvest moon
And I won't even get into what my teenage son's room looks like... "Teenage son's room." Those words should be 'nuff said. And couple that with renovation...well, you can only imagine... But I have to keep telling myself, "one day at a time" and it's a "work in progress!"
LA is lovely as ever. Sunshine and warm weather make me so happy. I couldn't ask for more and tomorrow is gonna be so much more fun! See you tomorrow LA!
Gideon's Corpse by Preston & Child. It's a ridiculous plot-driven book that kept me up until midnight last night, and it will probably do the same tonight.
Doug Holder: Jan, you have a new poetry collection coming out " Misery Island." Can you talk about it.
Korean Glass Noodle and boil for 6 minutes or
Author: Charlotte E. English
Then suddenly, a nurse walked in--a large woman dressed in all white--and thrust a baby out in front of her. The translator said, "Here she is. This is your baby." I gasped. All of the air went out of the room. My heart, beating impossibly loudly, leapt into my throat. Tears flooded my eyes. And, in that instant, that micro-second, my heart was hers. I would never, ever be the same after looking into those amazing, AMAZING blue eyes. Her eyes brightened the moment she saw me, as if she could feel my excitement to be in her presence. I timidly asked, "Can I hold her?" To which the translator brusquely replied, "Of course! Take her!" I spent the next few hours just holding her, gazing at her, touching her face, hands, hair. Memorizing every thing about her.
Her blues eyes intent on Ella, April asks, “What is God?”
I think the oil spill is getting us to think more about about what humankind has done to the other living creatures that make up the Gulf’s biosphere. As I was searching for something completely different (the source of the joke “Death or Moobli” which I laughed heartily over as a read a book on conversation that I picked up at the Shepherdstown Library… I’ll repeat it further down the post), I discovered this small video entitled “Tortoise helps tortoise”:
Do you agree with the points this article makes OR would you prefer higher compensation + more benefits?
The first Oktoberfest was in Munich on October 18, 1810 celebrating the commemoration of the marriage of Crown Prince Ludwing and Princess Therese and also the introduction Marzen style of beer. Of course now, two hundred years later Bavarians celebrate the release of the new batch of Marzen beers at Oktoberfest and not the royal wedding.
8) Add the rice and eggs. Toss well in low flame. Make sure the rice, egg and vegetables are mixed well.
p.s. do NOT judge me for the christmas pj's. we had a little cold snap and it got down to like 40 overnight, and those are her only really warm jammies. :)
Meanwhile, back in reality :
We made some improvements on the house
All contents copyright (C) 2010 Katherine Hilden. All rights reserved.
Photo Credits: Universal Pictures
On the one hand, a stock answer is that (as the interviewer seemed to be implying) such decisions are not to be made by mere sergeants and that the order should be obeyed. This does have considerable appeal. After all, if soldiers could simply disobey orders because they believed the orders to be unlawful or immoral, then this would be a serious threat to “good order and discipline.” A chain of command exists for a good reason-namely so that orders are carried out. To use an analogy, if I decided that I disagree with the system of grades and refused to assign grades to my students while posting snarky Facebook comments about university personnel, it would certainly be legitimate for the university to compel me to act in accord with the policy of assigning grades or to fire me if I refused. If professors simply did whatever in regards to grades, that would have a significant negative impact on the university. Likewise, soldiers who just disobey orders or sow dissension can be justly disciplined.
There’s been a couple of very minor meltdowns today, very short lived.
Although there are still six weeks to go before D&P are required to make their proposals, they must by now have a good idea as to how they are to achieve their statutory goals, or if these are unattainable.
Crazy Seamus!
It was always a bit silly, but I’m pretty sure it wasn’t always this bad. Or maybe I’m just remembering it with rose tinted glasses because I started reading it when I was 13 and didn’t have enough life experience to realize how stupid it was.
become the de facto band of Jack Rose (RIP), and he directed this album in
SAP NetWeaver (NW)
A note to authors:
5. As to Miscavige’s character, all Scientologists know is the public face he presents at events. He seems to be focused, dedicated, and charismatic as he reads his prepared speeches off a teleprompter. But those who have worked with him present a different picture, one of a petty tyrant, a bully who rules by threat and abuse. He denigrates those around him, humiliates and degrades them. He forces married couples to divorce, insists pregnant women have abortions. He physically beats executives who cross him.
Put 1/4 cup Gingerbread Simple Syrup in a cup, followed by espresso and steamed milk. Top with whipped cream and freshly grated nutmeg.
Now then the final element 3 embellishments. As the cup-cake had a heart shaped cherry in the design, i coloured it un using a red glitter pen and then secured into place a red Heart embellishment. The next one was a bumble bee that i had cut out from one of the nestibilitie dies i have in my collection. I felt a little humour would not go a miss on this card. The 3rd embellishment was the steam. This was done by trimming down a leafy die cut shape again from spellbinders. This would give the steam effect. I also covered up the join of the two papers by covering it up with a card ribbon again cut out using a metal die from spellbinders.
For all of the jokes and all of the inappropriateness of NATIONAL LAMPOON’S CHRISTMAS VACATION, what makes this a fantastic movie is the scene where Clark Griswold (Chevy Chase) gets trapped in the attic while the rest of the extended family goes off Christmas shopping. Digging through old chests to find clothes to keep him warm, Clark puts on some of his mother’s furs and gloves when he discovers old 8 MM reels of Christmas holidays from his youth. Despite being trapped in the attic, despite the cold, Clark watches the reels and becomes lost in the memories. It’s clear that Clark desires an idealized holiday, but even in these old reels we don’t see it, and this makes Clark an incredibly tragic, rather than simply nostalgic, character. Clark isn’t simply trying to recapture his youth in his quest for the perfect Christmas – he’s still trying to have a perfect Christmas, and he believes – he really believes – that now that it’s HIS Christmas, that he’s the breadwinner, that everyone is coming to his house, that he’s in charge – he can make this happen.
A. Writing: free & experimental. No previous experience with fiction or poetry required.
Would it be un ethical to place some dead rats in their driveway so they can SEE there is a problem, maybe then they would start cleaning up poop!
I just don’t want the night to be ruined
Young Murphy uttered the latter part of his not too enthusiastic comment in half apology for even seeming to dispute Dr. Moore. He was a hard-headed young fellow, but, as with most Irish people, as lovable as could be found. It was only because he was a good scientist that he was skeptical. Early in his career he had learned that skepticism was not a vice -- more of a virtue, ofttimes preventing false conclusions based on insufficient evidence.
2 tablespoons well-shaken buttermilk
Did achieving a book deal change the way you approach your writing and illustrating?
Scousers:
And then the games started getting more popular. And more people started showing up and then playing more games. It got to the point where the game updates had a higher presence, and priority, than the status updates. But I managed to cull those down and get back to status and picture updates and all was mostly fine.
This ones for you Ken.
Sun, 11:55pm: Immense sadness.
what the?
Of course, it was The Monkey Study that was the cited "science" in that email about "science linking vaccines, mercury, and autism." I don't know how that can be, as the study had a control group of THREE monkeys. Based on these control numbers, I could use my own children as a control group and refer to it as science. Based on the level of actual science present in this study, I could also simply write a paper about my own children as counterweight to its findings, as my offspring did not receive the 1994-1999 vaccine schedule or a single vaccine with thimerosal, yet ... here we all are, autism and everything.
13. Greasy Spine
If you are happy with the prospect of Britain becoming a majority non-white nation within two generations, than that is a view you are entitled to, but remember you were never given the option of a vote on it.
He gets swept over the edge of the pirate ship and the Doctor decides to put everyone’s life at risk RIGHT NOW by inviting the siren to kill them, too. His theory is that the siren is intelligent, which means it can be reasoned with, and so he lets the siren out to go get Rory before he drowns to death, and then pricks each of their hands so the siren comes back and kills them, too. Great plan. They all get whisked away to Never Never Land and wake up on a space ship that occupies the same space/time coordinates as the pirate ship.
So I'm heading out to get de-electrified in a little while...and dreading it.
Carey provides the background:
These images are truly gorgeous!
49 38 14.20 N , 23 49 37.02
Fresh coconut grates - 1/4 cup
Dear Heavenly Father! Help me to do away with any relationship that can hinder the sweet communion that I enjoy with Your Holy Spirit. Open my eyes to see the changes I need to make in my relationships and help me maintain only such as would cause me to continually grow in the knowledge of Your Word, in Christ Jesus! Amen!
flow in this new space of validating and empowering and nurturing and
But today I had a bad day. It started out well, but went downhill when Pierce only napped for an hour instead of two this afternoon. This boy needs a lot of sleep and when he doesn't get it, it makes him cranky. He wouldn't go back down, and I thought he would, so after I got him calmed down, I went to bed myself, only to be woken up not much after I went to bed. He was whiney and I was exhausted, which is a bad mixture for me.
Take the dough and punch it down. On a floured surface, roll out. Cover in sugar, cinnamon, and raisins. Kari's grandma used to tell her to, "give it a dirty face," when she wasn't putting on enough cinnamon.
It has been a while since I posted about making jam. I posted here and here of my previous marathon. Well, it has been a while since I made any. Our stash was low. We were down to a case and a half in the stockpile and Christmas is coming. Since I started giving jam for Christmas gifts, it has come to be expected and what we had left was not going to do it.
Metallics paired with collared shirts are happy and fun! It's the best way to make this look sophisticated. Gold Flecked Sweater, H&M, $34.95
I’ll admit, I could have skipped this tale. It’s about a relationship that has been on hiatus for roughly 6 months. This is after dating for years: think high school, college, and beyond. Carrie has moved to D.C. because Austin won’t compromise. Austin can’t understand why Carrie would like to have her own hopes and dreams fulfilled working in a prestigious museum rather than a small tourist trap in West Virginia. Silly man, the answer is Duh. What girl doesn’t want all her dreams to come true…even those that don’t include a man.
How could this be? And how did Santa know that they did not have a tree like usual?
In September, two of my neighbors and I got to talking about needing some exercise and decided to take it on together. We chose the Couch to 5K program because it seemed manageable (still seems like it ought to be, but never mind), and so we started. (we really need a pic of the 3 of us)
During the past several months, hundreds of thousands of Americans have debated thousands of ideas to solve our nation’s most pressing problems. It has been an open process and has provided a genuine opportunity to give voice to a broad cross section of concerned Americans.
Do NOT call me for this. I went through 500 minutes in the last week for Cupcake Smackdown. I have no more minutes. Do NOT email me. I have well over 1000 emails in my inbox with the word cupcake in it. @me on Twitter is the only way to get your spot to judge.
"pas de panic"
Giant Human Blood Drop Photo to be taken at the UCF Arena on World Blood Donor Day (WBDD), June 14, 2012.
1 small onion chopped
If anyone is still under the delusion that Forest City Ratner is not already well and truly on corporate welfare, I note this item from Crain’s New York Business.com. In the three brief paragraphs that appear at the end of this article, we learn that the Bank of New York is being subsidized to cover 9/11 losses by giving FCR 113.9 million of your public dollars to build the Atlantic Terminal and provide them with office space.
We would LOVE any excuse to go to Paris, but especially if our beautiful niece was living and working there. I suspect that she would not have a shortage of visitors. We are a family full of pilots and former pilots with airline passes, after all!
Before she could answer, two men approached them from each side. “Come with us,” one said.
If the alarm sounds when your child is choking,
"Sometimes," said Pooh, "the smallest things take up the most room in your heart."
So challenging....
Now you all know what a light bulb moment is, right? Let me find a picture...
I like to think that the Minotaur has always been there, lurking in the shadows of my skull and plucking the heartstrings. He did not come into full bloom, however, until the age of six. My mother, sister and I were en route to our new home in Phoenix, Arizona, but had made plans to spend a month or so with an aunt who resided in a small North Carolina town. The memories, for the most part, are hazy. I remember barbeques in the back yard, chasing June bugs and fireflies. I remember ghost stories of a headless ranch hand searching for his visage a few farms over. I remember that same farm catching fire and sending great clouds of black smoke into our yard, and knowing without doubt that the headless ranch hand was the cause.
On Friday I attended our first Design and The Market workshop run by Lindsey Gardiner where we looked at Evidence Modelling and SWOT Analysis. More about that coming soon…
Patriot plans to provide updated earnings guidance for 2012, including anticipated thermal coal volume, when it announces its first quarter earnings.
Anyway, come out to Mo's on Sunday nights starting at 10:00 for cheap drinks, cheap food, and free local comedy. Always a good time!
This is a strange coincidence?
Now I mentioned earlier that I was amazed at the knowledge these little five year-olds have managed to gain in their short little lives, here's a little example of what I was talking about...
NASA, long dominated by a not-invented-here mentality, has problems that eerily resemble those of the U.S. Postal Service—so much money is required merely to keep the past alive. Given its desire to maintain large and overlapping centers of excellence in Alabama, California, Florida, and Texas, NASA might never become an honest broker between competing private actors, mostly because agency bureaucrats still have too many of their own projects in the game and because members of Congress, bent on benefiting their own political constituencies, remain too willing to warp NASA’s policies and priorities.
I love the fact that there are all types of malls and shopping places here. Our family is not the shopping type but we still have the satisfaction that we can get anything (American or otherwise) here in Saudi Arabia.
Lovers of the blue color are considered to be loyal, well balanced and somewhat conservative personalities, who hold to tradition and dislike unpredictable situations or attracting the attention. They need piece and safety that only routine and careful planning can provide. Good friends, intelligent, sincere, spiritual and trustworthy persons; they don't wear their emotions "on the sleeves" but express them only in the circle of the closest persons which stay for a long time in their life!
Sincerely yours,
“Here. Let me read it to you.”
When you don't sleep much, when the dog Insomnia has you in his teeth and he shakes you, shakes you, worries and gnaws at you, it doesn't matter when you go to bed - after a certain time, you wake.
One simple and cost effective (aka cheap) technique that I love to use indoors is window light. Window light provides more natural results and can be controlled or diffused very easily with what you have around the house. If the light is not exactly what you are looking for you can diffuse / control the light by using curtains, blinds, or paper.
A blissful life....YES.
That it’s taking me a long time To become the person I want to be.
This is a bit of a cheat really, but one of my recent projects required the use of a spindle sander, however I don't have one, so I made one, well it's more of a router table kind of thing.
Scent is barely there, you'll get no stinky tanner scent here, Australian Gold has their own trademarked Elimiscent technology and it works. Chamomile and Vitamin E are in the ingredients for skin benefits.
You see, it appears that philosophy generally (very generally) tends to lead to as many questions as answers. Seems like philosophers try to answer the often answerable and only very rarely produce anything of real, lasting value. Interesting theories no doubt but the professional thinker usually tend to end up falling back into the soup.
Well thats all my Florida projects for this hop.
So far I have met a charming man from NYC who just didn't get the hint that I won't relocate, and when I asked him if he was willing to move here, he sorta just fell quiet and then proceeded to tell me he figured he could persuade me to move. Sorry but no, I just moved here a year ago out of suburbia and I am finally happy with my surroundings, so why go move back to the big bad city and be miserable all over again?
Sample: Progressives have failed in their dream to achieve equality of outcomes, as they always do, because as George Orwell pointed out, even in a communist utopia, “some animals are more equal than others.” But their efforts have set back the conservatives’ dream of equality of opportunity, mostly for minorities, especially blacks. The welfare-driven destruction of the black family, the created culture of victimization, the dismissing of education as “acting white,” the tolerance for crime in the black community and black thugs brutalizing decent black folks because tough law enforcement is “racist,” have all set far too many black people back worse than Jim Crow. But it garners power and money for the race baiters.
Monday I was at Diseny’s Animal Kingdom and we stopped in to catch the Lion King show. I’ve probably seen it a hundred times. It never fails however…the lights dim, the music starts…and I’m covered in goose bumps. My eyes well up with tears and the next thing I know I’m looking around, embarrassed, and casually trying to wipe my tears away hoping that nobody sees me.
Now, here in Baños, there doesn’t appear to be stomach issues. While walking around the town last night I randomly chose a shop that offers a Hot Stones Volcanic Massage.
Despite all that, it was known to me that Chef Peter has always harbored the idea of owning his own establishment, and while the restaurant owners he worked for have profited immensely from Chef Peter's skills, I was also secretly hoping that he will have a restaurant to call his own.
~ky
Thanks for stopping by and visiting me again. Have a great day.
So while many have conceded to the self-evident fact that Romney is the nominee…some on the right are still being stupid and saying that Romney won’t win the general election. Which is mind-boggling as well. For instance there is this idiotic article from Reason magazine “Obama is a Lock.” (It’s a shocker that libertarians are not making practical assessments of the current situation…because libertarians are so known for treating everything so practically and pragmatically). Among their killer evidence that Romney can’t win is
I completed the rest of the 4 chapters today. I feel that I have never been more more spiritually challenged in my life.
I knew immediately that I would not to give Greg a room. He looked like a vagrant and it turned out he practically was. He later told me he was down to his last few guilders. As it happened before I could open my mouth he announced that he was the new night man and he was reporting for training.
I’m walking away, deeper into the dark forest,
Okay… maybe the crying isn’t a part of the cleaning up process. But it happens. And now, after telling someone how I was feeling, hearing from them, reminding myself of all my good qualities, taking some time to breathe and relax, and writing it out, I am feeling- while not perfect- better.
AU: No, we have experienced volume growth of about 40%, but the real story is an expansion of the processed milk market which is replacing unprocessed milk. The product which has really driven growth is tea whitener. In one word, the real reason for growth is innovation.
Dan Cruver is the primary writer/editor for the book, Reclaiming Adoption, along with Jason Kovacks, John Piper, etc. Obviously, this was part of the catalyst that launched the Carpenter Family Adoption Journey. However, our core Christian foundation was shaken up, flipped over and rebuilt through this discussion and this book. For some of you, this may be old news. But, I believe for most of us, we might have missed this identity and covenant thread that is poured throughout scripture in the redemptive story of God's love for us when we were orphans. We daily forget that we are called "sons of God" and the implications of living fully wrapped up in that knowledge. And ladies, don't get all upset that I said "sons". (I'm going to Francis Chan you a bit and ask you to stick with me on the fact that God probably knows what He is doing and knows more than us when He sets things in order.) Some versions say: sons and daughters. But, in Bible days, the sons given the inheritance and that's why we are all referred to as sons. You can call me whatever you want to call me, but I'm jumping up and down with Jacob reaching for that blessing and putting hair on my arms for the inheritance of the Father.Except, I don't have to steal it. I've already got it!
I know a few people who worked on this movie. They’ve been bugging me to see this movie. Happy now?
“Won’t you come in,” I offered.
In my family grandparents were known as “Mamaw” and “Papaw.” That’s pronounced with a short “a” on the first syllable, as in “bat.” Memories of these people and their influence continue to bless my life.
“Bird” he became.
Nat Geo Latin America 04/07/2011 21:00
Mathurini
Although Miéville is clearly talented, he does not work hard enough. For a novel about language, Embassytown contains many careless solecisms, which either Mr Miéville or his editor should have dealt with. This isn’t the place to go into a long textual analysis, but (for example) a writer at his level should never use ‘alright’ so often or so unembarrassedly. He also uses far too many neologisms or SF nonce-words, which drive home the fact that he is defined and limited by the expectations of a genre audience. On the first few pages, alone, he uses the words ‘shiftparents’, ‘voidcraft’, ‘yearsends’, ‘trid’, ‘vespcams’, ‘miab’, ‘plastone’, ‘hostnest’, ‘altoysterman’ … Yes, of course, it’s possible to work out what most of these might mean (or to wait until another context makes them clearer), but it is exactly this use of made-up nouns that makes many people find science fiction arcane or excluding. A better writer would find a more effective way of suggesting strangeness or an alien environment than by just ramming words together. Resorting to wordplay is lazy writing.
How do you get to Carnegie Hall? Practice, practice, practice.
Single Crochet (sc) - Insert hook in stitch, yarn over and pull up loop, yarn over and pull through both loops on hook.
There are many advantages to applying opera glasses at the star topologies.
04. Alone
Happy Friday!! Here is another post of our week in camera pics. It has been a pretty busy week for us! I have to catch up on some blog reading tomorrow! Hope everyone has a great weekend!
I stepped into her eyes, only to get caught in such mystery.
In NYC, opinions on Occupy are pretty divided ( as they seem to be for most of the country), and as they gathered, groups of people would walk by yelling at them.
