to grow more loving every day.
More to come…
Bob and Jon have been busy today- they bought a new twin bed (for company and then for Jon) and a yard tractor! Bob mowed the yard today in about 1/2 hour- usually takes us 3-5 hours pushing it. How nice it will be to have those hours and days back this summer!
Also in my town, in the last year, there was a child who went “missing.” For four days there were articles on him and what was known about his last whereabouts and how to keep children safe. FOUR DAYS of articles… and then, a short blurb (maybe four paragraphs) when it was revealed that he’d spent the time at a friend’s house because he was mad at his parents.
* Xylem: Botanists describe the tubes within the stems of woody plants as xylem. The xylem conducts fluids up the plant, while phloem brings the fluids down.
Stamps - Friendship Blessings Oval (Clear Dollar Stamps)
Enjoy the rest of the evening.
I would like to enter this card in the following challenges:
It is hard to imagine the life of careless comfort and extreme wealth lived by the nobility and aristocracy of the Russian Empire. It is even harder to try to depict it: a society multi-lingual, yet with a bias towards French, reverencing the values of personal honour and family tradition, possessed of a broad education in the humanities, but not a noticeably deep one. This was the world to which Rzewuski belonged, and it all came tumbling down after June 1914 with the assassination of Franz Ferdinand at Sarajevo.
We noticed the day before we had to get on a plane to come home that our flight left at 7:30 PM but our hotel check out time was 11 AM. Awesome.
To be a good parent all you have to do is love your own child, you don’t have to like every child on the planet. I never felt the need to have a genetic legacy. My name doesn’t mean anything because it was made up only two generations before me and I don’t know the last name of my biological grandfather. So it wasn’t like I could pass down a long tradition of Sessums. My brother, however, he longed for a son. He wanted to continue a family line like that would be his legacy. I was happy travelling the world and living life to the fullest.
But now the sun is out and the days are long,
Guest includes conference dinner only: €40
But honestly, the real reason I can hardly move is because of the birthday party we attended yesterday, at an old-school skating rink! Mr. Sugarplum gives me crap about always presenting such a careful image of myself on this blog, so he dared me to show you these (horrible phone pics). Here we are getting our couples-skate on. Can't you just hear Olivia Newton John?!
Well I have a rock in a cave below
"But moooooam! We ALWAYS go to Goodwill and they don't have toys. We always get furniture!"
Vet's Club (Veteran Memorial Building)
Top priority on our list isn’t usually spending quiet time asking God what he wants us to do. We think we have it all figured out, don’t we? We tell God to heal someone or help someone financially. We tell him how to enrich our lives. As if he was our servant.
My dear friend, do not create undue stress for yourself by trying to tackle all of the classroom issues on your own. This is practice for you, do not tire yourself out for the 'big game' that is your impending career. I say this as a self-proclaimed intense person. Please remember that no matter how effective/polished/inefficient/slap-dash/strict/orderly/messy, (whatever!) your mentor teacher seems to you, he/she has found a way that works FOR THEM, and it has developed over a period of time. It does not have to work for you, take it with a grain of salt. Try to figure out what led him/her to his/her present methods. Why might it work/not work for you? A good house guest makes the bed after themselves and doesn't take the liberties a family member does...Be helpful, but remember you are NOT a student OR the teacher. It's a learning experience, be there in the moment for that purpose.
In the middle of making a list of “things to do to keep busy,” I landed on a website looking at showtimes for movies…since going out to a movie is a quite effective distraction-from-life tool.
Okay, so I should come clean and state that I haven't actually been in any wilderness. But it has been over 6 weeks since I blogged here, so you would be forgiven for thinking I had.
To: undisclosed recipients:
Gregory: so what’s your point?
Do you think your life is chaotic? Do you feel like sometimes it's hard to get anywhere and accomplish anything because of all the challenges you face?
This is the first time I remember seeing a front office executive sitting at an autograph show table to sell their signature.
Our DT were given the chance to use a Tickled Pink digi for their creation and my, what fun they had! Here's what they came up with - such divine and girly cards.
Now 2nd if we are gonna talk conspiracy theories, let’s take it the whole other direction! So we already know how corrupt our political system is, we already know there are some who despise Barak Obama and would do anything to ruin him…..so what IF, those people tried to pay or force/blackmail those 2 men… but they refused, and because they refused they executed them and then started this story/rumor of how the President had “gay” secret relationships and isn’t is “funny” how now those men are now dead? (I think this is about is far fetched as the original story, either could be true as much as neither could be true!) Oh and I might add here that supposedly there was a 3rd man involved in all of this but he supposedly died of complications of HIV. I intentionally didn’t involve the 3rd because there is just no “conspiracy” story that can be argued in his case, I mean I’m sure my very vivid imagination could come up with a very colorful story but it would really be pointless.
Hi'dee-Ho Met Fans!
During the late ’40s, when Roy Rogers was kissing his horse Trigger, Gene Autry was strumming his guitar, and John Wayne was romanticizing the image of the American cowboy, there emerged from the Badlands of South Dakota a young horseman named Casey Tibbs.
Virginity lost that happens once, in a moment.
I love Nigeria, always have, and always will. I hate the government we are left with time and time again. Empty promises, lies and downright brutes they all have been, and continue to be.
Big Boy Blue –Getting Hungry. Cracking Glam track with Barron Knight involvement
Update: 2 weeks later — March 21 at 9:51 a.m. — Final gravity is 7.5 °P. With an OG of 1.056, that gives an FG of 1.013 (5.7% ABV, 233 calories per pint). Predicted FG was 1.016. Beer is ready to prime and package. Priming with 4.3 ounces of corn sugar boiled in 2 cups of water. This batch filled 44 pint bottles (5.5 gallons).
This was really, really, REALLY delicious. As in, good enough to eat as a candy bar. Each bar has 240 calories, 30g carbohydrates, and 15g of protein. The protein blend is identical to the one used in the protein powder above.
A seasonal dish using carrots such as coleslaw only needs one!
17. . . still be afraid of the ocean but want a boat anyway.
Publisher: NIS America
As you can see the Almond Flakes that I used is not perfectly sliced where you can tell this is not a good quality one.Although the appearance doesn't look quite presentable but it's still taste good.If you are using your own made puff pastry then it's only takes 10-15 minutes to bake.Frozen puff pastry from supermarket takes a bit longer about 20-25minutes but you still need to keep an eye on it from burning because Almond Flakes can burn easily. Almond puffs can look very elegant and pretty and surprisingly easy to make too.
Chapter VI Supplementary Provisions
In the maze of her imagination
Argentina
This post is part one of what will be a five part series detailing the ups and downs of this experiment. In order to ensure that the focus of the training is directed at improving instruction in the classroom, I am proposing a few criteria. I would like to know your opinion about the following guidelines:
What I hope to be doing in future is posting an ‘alert’ when each of my hotly anticipated releases is published over at Australian Brews News and also when each new episode of Radio Brews News is available on iTunes. You should have a listen, really, as it is the (arguably) greatest thing to happen to radio since the adjustable frequency dial.
"It's illegal for magical creatures like us to enter Oz -- Glinda's laws. Animals are only barely tolerated, but purely magical creatures are not." He flexed his wings. "If we were Monkeys," -- I could hear the emphasis on the "M" now -- "it would be fine, but we aren't. And what's worse, we are Elphaba's creations, and there's no mystery behind Glinda's feeling for anything associated with her ancient rival. You will have to ride along with the train master here, Mr. Cob." He indicated the man intent on navigating the train. "He seems like a reasonable sort, trustworthy, well-known in Munchkinland, and dedicated to his train more than anything else."
Acts 1:6-7
Stamps: Garden Silhouettes, Teeny Tiny Wishes
2 states of my marriage:
On the plus (or hyprcritical) side, when I went to the Tampax website to see the exact wording of the ad, it was pretty female-positive. Showing activities “girls” want to do such as, “Ace the test, play against the boys, and stand on top of the pyramid.” Aside from the frequent usage of “girl” on a women’s product, that is.
So I'm not doing any challenges this year. But this one just seemed to call out to me. I have one or two Dystopian Novels on my TBR, and I thought this was perfect. I'm a closet dystopian addict and I want to uh, un-closet it. So I decided to do it. It closes August 24th and I WILL read my books before that. Expect reviews! Hosted by Parajunkee.
The cake really was the centerpiece of this party.
Distractions, distractions…
Jesus heals a man beside a pool and says later, “See, quit sinning or something worser (a little Johnny Cash lingo) may happen to you.” He saves a woman from being stoned and sends her away saying, “Go, and sin no more.” Paul suggested to the Church at Corinth that the reason some of them were sick, in fact the reason some of them had died, was precisely do the fact that they were embroiled in sin. At the root of suffering, at some level, whether our own or others or in general, is sin. As I suggested in our previous series of sermons: We will not be entirely physically well until sin is eradicated from this world.
Last week, I had to get my driver's license renewed, which meant an eye exam. I saw the blinking light on the right-sided peripheral vision test, but not the left. I only passed because the examiner reminded me, "You're supposed to let me know if you see something." I took a wild guess and passed. Should have been to see the doc last week, but with the death and the funeral, there was no way. Now in this planned last week of leave, I need to get a visual field test and see if I flunk it. And probably call the neurologist. And plan to see a rheumatologist sometime in the next month. And get labs for cholesterol and Vitamin D.
Because of the snowiness, I was pretty much stuck in the house for FOUR SOLID DAYS. Me, Katkin, the boy, the elderly cat, and a dwindling supply of cereal and canned goods. But instead of watching the Olympics, I engaged in a few glorious days of all-in reading.
Out on the terrace there was a sculpture garden with a breathtaking view over the ocean. Some of the sculptures we saw included this cute little fella:
Not sure how that zebra pillow is working out.
But the crusta was still around in 1939, when the Gentleman's Companion was first published, and it is curiously included in bar books through the 1950s not to mention afterward. Despite its lavish garnish, the crusta was not forgotten like so many of its contemporaries, or those cocktails that had been created later. Therefore, it is not terribly surprising to find the crusta hidden in a section dedicated to champagne drinks in a tome dedicated to unearthing worthy libations from all over the world. And it is really not surprising that Charles Baker uncovers it while journeying through China in the years of the French Concession of Shanghai in the early 1930s. What is curious is that what Baker calls a crusta hardly resembles the original crusta at all. For starters, the lemon juice, which always stood out to me as one of the defining elements of a crusta, is not present in the recipe for the Imperial Cossack Crusta. And while the sugared rim is included, and then subsequently exaggerated as the recipe calls for the entire interior of the glass to be sugar-coated, the famous lemon peel is missing. The only part of this champagne crusta that recalls the classic crusta is he sugar. If I had looked at the recipe without knowing its name, I would have never have pegged it as a crusta-style drink.
And as expected, the police stood by and watched, doing the minimal to stop the ruffians although the Inspector General of Police has threatened to come down hard on those who broke the law. IGP Ismail Omar’s message, it appears, is meant only for those who do not support Umno-BN.
I convinced a few of my girlfriends to attend one in New Jersey in the winter of 2000, where Donna and I planned to meet in person. Funny, I remember a few of Donna's girlfriends later saying how they thought she was nuts planning to meet someone she'd only been in contact with online.
I feel like that little quote from Alice in Wonderland has been my life for the last month! I can't believe that it has been over a month since my family and I left for vacation. When I got back, it was right before THE 10 nights of racing (if you're a Sprint Car racing fan - you'll know what I'm talking about). The fanatical fans come from miles around to visit my fair town and have a wonderful time (at least I hope they do). I work PT for a local grocery store across from the track - I've seen some of the same fans year after year - ah such fun, but exhausting! And to add to the mix I decided to interview and accept a FT job in the heart of all of that. Now my husband has to be laughing (yes he reads my blog - hi babe!), because to celebrate he decided to spoil me with a new laptop. Here is a sleep deprived woman (read my post about the 2 eight hour shifts) leaving the store with her new laptop, and the rest of my family is asking me if I'm excited. Honestly I'm exhausted, and the thought of personalizing my new tech is overwhelming. I've just spent countless hours training for my new job and many more working the PT job. By the time this week rolled around, my kids were wondering who the strange lady was standing in their kitchen! Whew, that was enough about me and my crazy life. Now you know why I've been so quiet.
Yesterday was as jet set as my life gets...I got up early, sped across to London on the Eurostar (they do such a nice breakfast in first class, I find) had a day of meetings before heading back.
I decided to make a game out of it by having them roll a die to see which number of objects we would draw each time. So if we rolled a number one, everyone drew one object, and wrote a number one by it. No problem! We rolled a number two, and everyone drew two objects and wrote a number two by them. Then we rolled a number five, and several children drew MANY objects on their papers- maybe ten or more- and had no idea at all that they had made a mistake! OR- they rolled a four and draw five things, and simply couldn’t figure out that they needed to erase one. OR- they rolled a four and drew three things, and could not figure out that they needed one to draw one more thing. The good thing was that those that already had it down were able to draw and doodle on the Counting Creatures in the Dry Erase Sleeves, so that worked out very well. I just kept some extra ones handy, since I assumed that this would happen, and I’m very glad that I did.
the base card is slightly too thick
Do you ever think about it?
Wow a couple living happily ever? This is what the second time that this has happened in Classical Mythology?
Freeze warnings, two nights in a row.
You should see how they sparkle in reality,as though they're really alive!
The first is found in the Babylonian Talmud, Shabbat 31a, being presented as an answer to a man partly wanting to mock him by requesting him to recite the whole Torah while standing on one leg: “What is hateful to you, don’t do to others!” The whole sentence includes “this is the Torah, the rest is commentary, now go and study!”
they seem to have some consistent characteristics. most of them have metal handles. their shape seems to be consistently oblong, although i've seen some that are square. their sizes vary, which leads me to believe they might be handmade, not factory made? the brown one on the top is my least favorite. it doesn't jive with the rest of them and seems too new. i think i will actually use that one for its intended purpose!
Arben Dzaferi: A country survives, if there is internal cohesion or if its citizens show greater loyalty to the country and not to the ethnic group they come from. In multiethnic countries the issue of its citizens’ membership of ethnic groups is opened, either on purpose or not. According to sociologists a country’s stability and functioning are affected by three prerequisites: internal cohesion, economic condition and respect for the essentials of liberal democracy. Due to this standstill, these countries start to collapse.
Oh, and the fact that I tried so hard to find out how much this procedure would cost ahead of time, because I knew we couldn't afford much. And that I still messed up. I still made some stupid error that resulted in this cost. If I had known our local hospital was a trauma center and that, that made some sort of a difference I would have gone somewhere else. I didn't choose it specifically (I didn't even know the facility was within the hospital when the appointment was made.) it was just that it was on a street that I knew, thus was easy to find. I knew the hospital was on that road, but so are many medical and dental facilities.
Thanks to Mellowyel for her lovely email (this girl always makes me think!) which led me thinking about the religious perspective which is based on the fact that gay sex does not produce offspring. I wanted to steer clear of the modern, Abrahamic, Western religion in these posts and instead focus on traditional, ancient, forgotten religions as my focus was historical. After reading more, I personally think the bringing in of children into this matter is a very modern phenomenon.
Rows of cages are often housed in giant, dark, filthy sheds or barns where the ammonia from the animals’ accumulated urine and feces burns their eyes and lungs, or they may simply be lined up outdoors, where animals have no protection from bone-chilling cold, driving rain, or sweltering heat. Parasites and disease run rampant on fur farms, making these animals’ already miserable lives even more unbearable.
Unfortunately, only exception being if your rich and ‘season hop’, we all have to put up with winter. So lets see the glass as half full shall we! Hopefully of something hot!
"Elsie, my pet hen!"
So what was the test? In the experience of danger and isolation and without other help, how would he respond? he had just received God’s profound assurance, and then he faced temptation. Would he continue to believe, or doubt? Would he stay faithful to God, or turn away? Would Jesus think of God as the helper who sustained him in those trials, or the enemy who put him there? Would he stand firm or collapse, waffle or stay the course? Did he recognize the divine care of the angels, or was his attention focused only on his suffering and deprivation?
Like any digital camera, it had a screen on the back, but there were more buttons than usual. The controls were unfamiliar to Jake. “I can’t even tell which of these buttons is supposed to turn it on.
**You can put these on anything!
Preheat oven to 325 F.
It is clear that “hardlinking” a story from our website directly to another site, such as a blog, is an important service to our readers. Such a link provides the reader direct access to the other site.
To whom do you belong? If it is the Lord Jesus Christ then are you glorifying Him in your body and in your spirit. All too many professing believers are trying to have their cake and eat it too. They are content to be bought with that price but want to continue living according to the course of this world.
On Election Day in Norway, all sales of liquor are closed. Beer, wine, etc. All closed.
I don’t know how he does it, but I am grateful he does.
“During the interview, an alarm clock went off from a candidate’s briefcase. He took it out, shut it off, apologized and said he had to leave for another interview.”
In short, Captain America was okay. The ending frustrated me rather, as the sub-plot that most appealed to me was the budding romance, but this is just cut-short because of Captain’s untimely freezing and waking up seventy years later. Endings like that just irritate me to be honest, so I won’t be re-watching any time soon.
Rachel waited. She knew from her professional experience not to push. Finally, she stopped and turned to him. “What is it, George? Something I can do to help?”
This glorification of mental illness and self-destructive behavior sends mixed messages to those who also struggle with these issues. Winehouse's drug use was not only acceptable but legitimized by her celebrity status. This was a double validation: Her drug use fed into her being perceived as a rock star, and her being a rock star forgave her drug use. And now she's dead, and no one's surprised.
Thomas Mooney refused to use the cane in his classroom. Instead of respecting him for this, we judged it as a further sign of weakness and despised him all the more for it. As a result, his class was generally unruly, undisciplined and loud. He frequently left us for long periods to our own devices, setting us work to do while he sat at his desk, doing I no longer remember what. Maybe nothing at all. It didn’t really concern me.
Once the pretext stop was made, Reichert claimed that Zambrana and his passenger appeared “nervous” – which is an entirely understandable reaction to the presence of an armed stranger who considers himself entitled to kill you at his discretion. He then barraged them with what Judge Reagan called a series of “rolling no” questions. This is a tactic designed to elicit permission to search the vehicle. After inquiring about drugs, weapons, or cash, and getting negative responses, the officer will pose some variation of this question: “Hey, this will only take a minute – do you mind if I just take a look before letting
Oliver Tambo - member, African National Congress,
No deal on Black Friday could top watching the boys chase Belle around in the woods. Even Toddler kept on her heels the entire time. Sometimes he had to be carried, but he was such a little trooper and I think he walked 1/2 a mile himself, tripping over roots and rocks the whole way. Preschooler loved it. He kept pretend whistling for her (he can't whistle so he puts his finger in his mouth and makes a high-pitched squealing noise) and was so delighted when Belle would come running to him.
What makes this even more irritating is that, very rarely, the film stops trying to be arch and fashionable and takes itself seriously, and in these moments we get glimpses of what a fantastic performance Ralph Bates could have given if he’d had a decent script. Groomed by Hammer as a successor to Peter Cushing and Christopher Lee, Bates appeared in a number of movies, most of which were sabotaged by weak scripts or low budgets. But his performance as the obsessive title character in Doctor Jekyll and Sister Hyde shows just how good he could be, given the right material. Someone like Lee or Cushing, might, possibly, have had the sheer charisma and wit to make this film work, but Bates seems to be trying to play a ridiculous character straight (his first words to the monster are ‘How do you do?’) and he just can’t carry it off.
I have felt the limitless bottom
I want to go on record by saying that if one experiences a trance today, receiving a prophecy or revelation, it is not of God. From where, then, does it come? Who is the god of this world? Who is the counterfeit of God? Satan is alive and well and continues to lead the unlearned. His actions fit the words of Paul in 2 Timothy 3:13. “But evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving, and being deceived.”
Billy wakes up one morning to find a little dragon in his bedroom. He runs downstairs to tell his mother and she tells him that there is no such thing as a dragon. Billy of course believes his mom, even though he is staring at this little dragon. Because Bill sees this little dragon he keeps insisting that there is a dragon and his mother keeps insisting that there isn't. The more the mother insists the bigger the dragon grow, until finally it sticks out both ends of the house. Will Billy's mother ever recognize that there is a dragon in the middle of their house?
the face of Canary Wharf.
.....his smile lights up the room
Heard not much from them.
At home, writing
7.The next morning, bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutes uncovered.
Between December 8th and the 21st when the price increase kicked in, Seven had sold 255 books, with 14 borrows on top of that, and Stir had sold 222. Reasonably neck-and-neck.
Each attendee was asked to invite colleagues, particularly law firm attorneys or agents, to participate in the Workgroup. Individuals with ties to AIPLA, IPO, INTA, etc… would be extremely helpful. Pursuant to a suggestion made by John Etchells from AT&T, and with his help, please click here for suggested invitation language which can be utilized to invite interested parties.
-receive the kit at the discounted price of $25
companies would have to pay for
6.) Dark Angel
P.S.: Can you guess which place I am going to out of those 10?
- Why is Nestor Carbonell (the Mayor) wearing so much mascara and eyeliner? (Also, is
“The SOIE argue there is no such thing as a moderate Muslim. The Harrow community stands united against this, there is no room for racism in Harrow.
Her obituary caused a lot of comments and smiles.
Disclaimer: I have a man-tastic recipe to share with you today. Think of it as bringing a little slice of fast food heaven into your kitchen. If you love a Krystal burger, this recipe is for you. If you don't, you may as well stop reading now.
As one may have guessed from The National’s brooding sounds, Tom Waits and Nick Cave top Matt’s list. He also talks about Nirvana, The Smiths and The Strokes, whom he says “have maybe influenced more bands in the last ten years than the artists I mentioned have in the last twenty five.”
As Christians our job is not to lament a lost way of life that we have romanticized in its remembrance or to try to get it back through legislation or separatist movements. We are called to move forward and to point the way to the future where things truly will be good because sin is no more.
And cookies....
“Not have anymore. Spend all.”
An important question is raised by these data. Why is the number of open positions rising, but the level of job hiring relatively flat?
I screeched to a halt and nearly turned and ran in the opposite direction when I saw the plane. It was so old, there were holes in the seats. I sat and tried to calm myself by reading the airline magazine, of which I understood nothing. Then I saw this ad and I knew everything was going to be all right, because I knew the universe would allow me to share it with someone before I died:
Let's face it, they had a better bid, better infrastructure, and, to be honest, it just felt right. And the French were right behind the bid - they were enthusiastic and wanted the Games to come to Paris.
The system is scheduled for update from 10 p.m. Saturday, May 19 to 10 a.m. Tuesday, May 22. Gottlieb said this highlights a problem with such systems when there is no backup. Authorities can literally suspend the Second Amendment by turning off a switch or pulling a plug, he observed, and use whatever excuse they want.
How many more anecdotes do you want Auditor Bump?
R - …stuff.
A lot has happened in my life since we talked last. I ended up buying myself a brand new house and payed it off completely. Things are going quite well in the life of big old mister bragon. I banked what was left of the six digits and quit my job, I think my intern will take my place. I will probably have to hold his hand for awhile but I feel like he's got the potential to handle it. Anyways..... I plan on going back to school and open up my own fancy restaurant. I am not a very good cook but I find it very enjoyable and I would enjoy owning a restaurant. Maybe I will wait a few years... As always thank you for stopping by and I will get around to catching up with the blogging community some time in the next few weeks.
Just a thought...when Bev came running into the house in tears last year after she backed our new car into our newly built gate pillars and damaging both, I hugged and consoled her as it was only an accident, right?
I made this Samburu bead set, and then etched it to a matt finish, which I think really suits this design. I love the colour reactions in these beads, and the fact that you can see the traces of silver that I burnished onto the bead to help the colour reactions along.
In these photos I am wearing an incredibly sumptuous gold silk Chloe dress. Yes, that's right. Chloe. No, I couldn't believe it either. This was a birthday present from one of the most magnificent, most beautiful and warm-hearted people I know - aka my fairy godmother. I adopted her as my 'Fairy Godmother' - because after all, how else can you refer to someone who is not only able to whisk up a dress as fabulous as this, in a froth of tissue paper, but also conjured her way to London to spend time by my hospital bed day after day in the aftermath of spinal surgery.
thrift;)
nah ya boy ain’t rappin about money drugs and lames
I was once called McGiver, due to the ever present handy tools and skills to fix pretty much anything – with the exceptions of broken hearts. I guess today I can add gender to the list.
I started with a card base of SU So Saffron and layered with patterned papers from the October Afternoon The Thrift Shop and Sidewalks 8x8 pads. My cute Saturated Canary image is Let it Rain. You can find her in Krista's Etsy shop. I printed her on Cryogen White and colored her mostly in yellows with my Copics (hair: YR24, YR21, YR31, E50; outfit: Y11, Y13, Y15, Y18, Y21). I added a bit of Stickles and Mint Green Liquid Pearls to her rain boots and umbrella. My sentiment is from Paulette at Create With TLC. A few more dots of Liquid Pearls on the scalloped image mat and that was it.
So, we decided not to heed the warning of “residents only” -- those poor welfare kings and queens of Palo Alto have spent too long living off the government subsidized open space, and like the libertarian warrior that I am, I blazed through the park gates and hit the trails.
Destroying the Heart of Borneo, which Musa Aman pretends to protect!
Drinks: Open Bar
It occurs to me that just like anything else the brain is a muscle, and when we spend our days discussing who's cuter, Cody or Zach and Wizards vs Angels- it's inevitable that our brains will loose their tone; and that Justin will NOT fall to dark angels forever.
I think, that if I just talked about "living in my RV", they would be uncomfortable, maybe....they are thinking I am homeless.
Writers of memoirs and biographies have the same difficult problem to deal with. There is a fine line between giving too much detail for the work to be interesting or not telling enough. (I once read a biography of Aldous Huxley written by his niece that told everything he did every single day but gave absolutely no insight into him as a person, for example, his opinions or the conversations he had with other people.) When you are writing a memoir, you have the additional difficulty of drawing the line between what should remain private and keeping readers’ interest.
It is a 20 minute workout, not including the warm-up and cool-down. It is intensive. I am actually on day 5.
Yeah, and I missed my semi-regular Tuesday post again. I did think of it, and even got as far as getting my camera out to take pics, but the battery was shot. I put it on the charger and one thing led to another, and here it is Friday already. Anyway, here's what I'm working on at the moment. First up is my Bug Light picture. I don't even know how many hours I've put into the sky so far. It's not quite done yet, but I'm going to leave it for now and move on to a different area. This is a pretty lousy picture, but it is proof that I've gotten at least a little bit more done on this one.
Howdy All!
Chris: Don’t wanna… Can’t make me… and why are you trying to IM me if you want me to go to bed? Silly woman! Lol
We spent Monday (I took a vacation day from non-farm job) running drip tape in the garlic beds.
I just talked with Michael from the jail. He was never shown a warrant, even after asking numerous times for it. He is not being charged with anything. He was arrested as a "witness" and has a bail hearing in the morning. For what? He's been out of jail for over a month, obviously he is not a threat, and isn't going anywhere.
242. Bite of Cassoulet @ Teresa’s Next Door (Wayne, PA) 5:52 p.m.
It's the Kriser House next door to the Governor's Mansion by Hentz, Alder, and Shutze, Architects. From Betty' Dowling's American Classicist:
“We can’t stay here. It’s not safe.” He pushed the boy softly and they began to back away from the truck. “You’re driving. You’re carrying a damn gun. They’re probably following you.”
The idea is information overload. I’ve read that simply making even a small decision causes the brian and body stress. A small amount of stress, but still, stress. As does the shear volume of information the brian takes in, in a day.
Until one day late last fall, when my electric was disconnected. I had become so obsessed with couponing, that I completely forgot about having to spend money in any other way. (I wish I were kidding.) Fortunately, I had more than enough money for the light bill in my bank account; so it only took a phone call, and everything was up and running again within a couple of hours.
That's right. "The Leisure of the Theory Class."
He left it dead, and with its head
Introduction by Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall
Christmasland ReCollections by Ralph del Pozzo and David High, 2006. 128 pages.
Finally one day I had had it. I blew up and blasted him with all of this and more: "I am not a child, you do not have to check up on me." "Rest assured if I had problems I do know how to use a phone." "For all these years you have been gone I had to take care of things myself, and did just fine." "I have been used to being my own boss, coming and going when and where I wished, and if you have a problem with that it is your problem, not mine. You created this situation by your career choice so now you have to live with it." He thought I had lost it, and was confused at why I was upset. He thought he was being a concerned husband. I thought he was smothering me. Fortunately we worked it out and are still happily married all these 20+ years later.
Sketch details set in context work great, such as "she wore a short-brimmed hat over her straw hair and wide-toe flats beneath her pantsuit, so she looked more like a grumpy clown than the corporate attorney come to rattle our CEO's cage." That gives us enough physical elements to latch onto the woman while giving purpose and characterization to her presence.
The poem also perfectly encapsulates the feeling of watching a bird hovering and diving. It's an almost vicarious pleasure – as though by observing the darts of movement we may glean a sense of what it means to fly. It’s a dizzying prospect.
NOTE: This recipe makes 12 cupcakes. And it really does make 12! Fill your cups only 1/2 full, as this batter rises quite a bit. When I divided the batter between only 10 muffin cups, I had several that rose over the sides of the cups way too much. If you're like me, you'll feel like there's not enough batter to stretch to 12 cupcakes ... but there really is.
at audacity of hope (remember that phrase) to get some things done that need doing. Just like we did four years ago when we elected Obama.
Schwartz and Swarner will receive the 2011 gold medal in the Sydney Taylor Book Award’s Younger Readers Category for Gathering Sparks, published by Roaring Brook Press, an imprint of Macmillan Children’s Publishing. Both are second time winners. In 1992, Schwartz received the Sydney Taylor Book Award for The Diamond Tree: Jewish Tales from Around the World. Swarner earned the 2008 Sydney Taylor Book Award for her illustrations in The Bedtime Sh’ma: A Goodnight Book by Sarah Gershman.
Even when they make me crazy.
Bibliomotion (2012)
The next dish is from Chef Paul Qui from Uchiko. Spring onion dashi, squash blossoms, baby zucchini, baby carrots, on top of a goats' milk ricotta. I think that's goats' because there should be more than one goats' milk to make the cheese. Coming back onto the subject at hand, this dish was literally spring in a bowl. The flavors was so light, fresh, subtle, and clean that it made me feel like my body was healing itself, Wolverine style. Also the presentation of this dish was fantastic. The colors were simply gorgeous.
Her hip hitting the bottom
Carpet and upholstery, tile and grout, finished or painted wood and laminates, linoleum and vinyl, concrete, brick, block, and more.
123 Linden Boulevard, 1st Floor
-Love all. Trust a few. Do wrong to none.
First, create an alter ego. Mine is TANYAYVONNE. Accompanied by jazz hands the name flashes in my head just like that. When she comes out, I am no longer just some wannabe writer but the writer that everyone wants to know. Suddenly I have the moxy to send out e-mails requesting interviews from notables in publishing for this little blog. Normally prior to making contact, I would have researched how others went about obtaining interviews. However, with a newly adopted publish like a rock star attitude I assumed that I would grab their attention, simply went for it and in most instances succeeded. Next is to brand thyself.
oshi says she expects we’ll see more Indian-influenced movies in the U.S. But she worries, at the same time, that Americans are missing part of what makes Indian movies great.
This boss managed all the people who worked at the restaurant and the product took care of itself. Eating there was never a let down!
1 - Cousin Emmy And Her Kinfolk - Ruby - 2:42
They also gave me a promo code for $25 off (good until May 8) for participating in a contest, but I’m not going to use it. If anyone is interested, leave a comment and I’ll give it to you.
Were I to involve a wish-granting sequence without knowing what the players would do in advance, I'd have to (a) trust the players and (b) I'd generally keep things in the spirit, unless I'd established we were dealing with an Overly Literal Wish already.
And, I'm so thankful Mrs. Dunham and Mrs. Clarke are so sweet and will do such a good job caring for our precious boys 6.5 hours a day!
I think it unlikely that schools have become less political in the last twenty years, or that the political ideas being taught to our children are any less left wing. In my experience, the average youngster when leaving school is more open to left wing ideas that they generally are after a couple of years living in the real world.
You have all the commercial rights you want.
He threw down the sword, unwrapped his turban, let down his hair and started singing is his loud hoarse voice
So here's how challenge card #2 turned out. When I worked at the scrapbook store, there was a butterfly die that I was especially fond of. Before the store (sadly) closed a few years ago, I cut some chipboard and paper butterflies using that die before it went away...and I still have some left. It formed the base for the embellishment cluster on this card...
South Korean newspapers have quoted officials in Seoul as saying the test could take place as early as in two weeks.
Cheers.
The minds of all are like precious jewels; to harm them is not good at all.
Monday is always welcome don't get me wrong, they used to be dreaded. But with Mark being gone Monday's will always be welcomed with open arms as it means another week has come and gone.
One of my all time quick lunch-time favorites is a ham and butter sandwich, which just involves ham, butter, 1-2 tsp of dijon mustard, and a crusty baguette. I put the butter on one slice and the dijon mustard on the other slice, and obviously the ham in the middle. I like this sandwich best chilled, but eat it however you like. Don’t let the simplicity fool you, with high quality ingredients this sandwich is perfection!
If you see CLiNT on your travels, give issue 1 a go, if only for the Jonathan Ross strip. Your country's comic industry needs you! And at £3.99 it's a bargain - There's a full USA issue of Turf and Nemesis within (25 odd pages of each), which on import would set you back £6 alone. Jonathan Ross and Mark Millar are launching CLiNT at WH Smiths in Victoria train station this Thursday (2nd Sept) at 4pm. You can find out more information over at the official CLiNT Website
Yes, we must not forget the out-of-town Christmas parades. When a parent goes to an out-of-town Christmas parade, no would even recognize you for the coats, blankets, boots, gloves, fur hats, or just anything to keep warm. But, you look around and see so many other mothers and fathers who look just like you and you know it is for one reason…to see their child perform. The proud look on your face as your child goes by seems too make you forget all about the cold, how hard you worker, or all the trouble and expense you’ve been out.
Except for, you know, how did they save that much of The Stuff without it going crazy and rising up to kill them again?
clear and sweet stream from the fountain
I knew a chalk top would be the easiest way to transform the table. I felt like it was a good compromise for making a creative surface without mounting a craft paper roll like I had originally wanted (and couldn't figure out how to make work on a round top.) Two coats of of Rustoleum chalk paint and I was done.
Now from a previous post, you will know that one of my favourite small towns in India is called Badami which is in Karnataka. In fact it’s a great place from which to explore the region. About 33 km east-north-east of Badami is the village of Aihole. In and around the village are over eighty temples and it’s the perfect place for a day-trip. At the cross-roads in the village-centre is the famous Durga Temple and Museum. This is where all the coaches stop…. it used to be a quiet place a few years ago…. ah well…. it helps the local economy……. so if the place is busy …. actually it’s not too bad….. you could try walking around the village. You might be invited to join in with the kids’ cricket game.
So here's my card...
it’s slow motion in my head when
Q. In conclusion Sir, can you tell us briefly on your hopes and expectations for Nigeria and the way forward.
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
I stand as dead
"A Sky Full of Kindness’ which has been written and illustrated by Rob using his intricate and beautiful paper cuts, telling the story of two birds who are preparing for their egg to hatch."
Patience. It’s what I really want for Christmas.
Today was the first time I've climbed Mt Warning. It's often been talked about as a possible holiday activity, but today it happened. I went with my friend Michelle (it was her 7th time), and everyone who I told was so excited for me. "It's tough - but the view is amazing" was said to me over and over.
A mishap with a candle perhaps? Anyhow, I think I can still get at least one dress out of it.
Then it was time to head to the island. When she and Dani stepped off of the bus, Ale and Clara were waiting for them with open arms and tears in their eyes. They were received by the entire family with a love and acceptance typically reserved for genuine family members… but for some reason, these two souls had been accepted by this beautiful family, these amazing people and they spent the next few days living the dream… playing music, walking by the beach, dancing, laughing, and crying from joy.
Wouldn't you agree that this week was one of the best weeks EVER for exciting new YA releases? So many good books that I have impatiently been waiting for came out this past Tuesday! Next week will also be a great week for YA new releases, as there are a few awesome books I'm hoping to be showing in my next Book Haul, such as Cassandra Clare's City of Lost Souls!
-”But phone calls are not as warm as leaving a note .He can smell your perfume and feel your touch on it; it’s like a hidden gift no one but him can open it. Whereas everyone can know about your phone call.”
Moving right along, it was Collins who outstupided Bochy. In one stupid move after another, the stupid moves end up winning the games. Which leads me to Buster Posey being this delicate fragile little flower of a player. I say BITE ME. Part of the game is to get barreled over. No one wants to be the nice guy. In fact, if someone had barreled over the catcher in Friday night’s game, perhaps we’d have a two-game winning streak to talk about.
So, with that in mind, let’s look at this word “contentment.” In the English dictionary it means, to be “mentally or emotionally satisfied with the way things currently are.” It’s almost the idea of “whatever;” or “It’s all good.”
Some red card was embossed and wrapped with a black ribbon, and then the Nestabilities panels were stamped and decorated before being stuck down. The small panel and large red flower were raised on 3D pads, and the finishing touches are the Shapeabilities sponged butterfly and the red gems ( I hope this is OK with ColourQ ??? )
The demo went from a street battle against undead civilians and cops to an indoor garage where Lickers dropped in from the ceiling and finally, to an outdoor area that had enemy snipers, even MORE zombies and (eek) Hunters running at me an my team in an attempt to eat and run. Death comes quickly if you’re careless, but respawning puts you back in the action really quickly. Just as the demo time was coming to a close, I got trapped in an alley with two Hunters bearing down on me and a third nearby. Frantically jamming on the buttons, I managed to kill not one, but BOTH Hunters with my combat knife and a third with a grenade and a few well placed shots before the mission ended.
Fri 9/26 Clifton Park, NY Northern Lights
I got the couch 2 5 k app on my phone, i got a heartrate monitor that tells me everything, time, distance, calories burned (gps if i go on the road)...
I have tons of notebooks and folders stuffed in drawers from 1997! I claimed for years that I’d go back and write those stories but those notebooks are still in my bedroom drawers covered in dust. LOL! I realize now I have no intentions of revisiting those ideas because it’s been over a decade and if I was going to write those stories, I would’ve. So it’s time for me to bite the bullet and throw all that junk away.
It's been an amazing 2 years. Insane. Crazy. Beautiful. Exhausting. Perfect. I love you so much, Phil. So much has happened. And I'm so blessed, and in awe, that we get to do it all together. I'm so amazed by how much you love me. And how much I love you! Thanks for being the best one ever.
Man Utd fans, the ref wouldn’t be Martin Atkinson.
If it brings in revenue that the government then spends, it’s a tax, and politicians should start referring to it as such. The Administration in fact projects that these “climate revenues” will become the sixth largest source of federal receipts by 2019, outpaced only by individual and corporate income taxes, payroll taxes for Social Security and Medicare and (barely) excise taxes. We’re supposed to be living in a new era of fiscal honesty, so let’s start with cap and trade.
It is not a session beer by any means. One 750ml long neck is usually enough for me, I have tried having two longies in a row of this stuff during my slightly younger days and ended up feeling quite happy but extremely bloated.
The truth is , these books and shows take you away from reality and let you live in their mystical world. Drive you away from your mundane life into the world of invulnerability, eternal youth and, renew your flirtations with the dark side. There are more realistic monsters in our day to day life and if I can get my reprieve from them every Sunday for 1 hour, that’s good enough for me.
I would probably be on the run from the Chinese government. Hey, I figure it’s only a matter of time before they figure out that it’s me who’s been bad mouthing them all over the internets. Since I’ll be on the run from evil Chinese agents, Chris Tucker will probably be with me, so I’d say we’d have to hide out in various western European countries.
MFT speech bubble dies
... then I got to meet a nice lady with a kit-cat. She rubbed my ears (the lady, not the kitty!) and commented on how nice and soft my fur is. She said massaging my pointy little ears was just what she needed. Funny, it was just what I needed, too.
yarn has been spun from the fleeces of our four breeds of sheep. All the colours are natural and the yarns were planned to take advantage of the natural beauty of the wool and give lots of possibilities in use.
"But why would they betray you if you were doing what they wanted?" It was, she reflected as she finished, a stupid question. Asking after a Wilder's motives was as futile as trying to Gate to the moon.
After recruiting the assistance of private investigators, WND found that Lasseter, the 26-year-old witness who saw Breitbart drop dead, is no longer residing at his last known address in California....
Well, as a rule, I don't make cards; but after making a tag a few days ago, I felt I ought to try and make a card for mother day for my mother in law. I am not sure she will "Get" a tag like a crafter "gets it" lol.
It’s a smile you can get
For further details contact Victoria Cawkwell, Placement Officer (victoria.cawkwell@durham.ac.uk)
In fear they could not smother;
One building at the multi-million dollar, 200,000-square -foot studio was damaged, but the cause is not yet known.
After Norah, Ill be doing a few more shows in May, then touring in June. Still working out those details. The plan is to be touring all summer going into the fall. I wanna tour as much as possible for this record.
The yarn shop near my house recently had a retro pot holder swap and had the cutest cherry pie pot holder in the window. I had to make one for myself so I whipped this one up last night. Mine's more like a tart, it's going to be used to clean dishes.
01. Opening
Guess the joke is on Diet Coke.
Size: 116 Mb
Not only was I alone, but I was isolated. I wasn’t allowed to have friends. I was questioned when using the internet. I was constantly told I was too sensitive, wrong, making things up in my head. It took me a year after I left to realize this had been abuse. I was abused. I was married to an abusive obsessive-compulsive man. But because of my previous failed marriages I was determined to make this one work. If only I tried harder, I thought, was a better wife, things would get better. They never did.
This is a large price to pay for the convenience of our many electronics that we often take for granted. However the increase in the demand for coltan will continue because each year there is a newer better product, that requires more hard metals and minerals that are able to conduct currents. This creates a much shorter life time for the average electronic. With the constant switch to the newest technology, one must wonder what is becoming of all the ‘out-dated’ electronics. The UN University estimated that each year 20 to 50 tons of eWaste is produced, these include things that have toxic substances. Waste of this kind could increase the risk of cancer, as well as development and neurological disorders, creating not only a threat to human health but also to the environment (Bhutta).
Exceptions to the Double the final consonant spelling rules : if the word ends with two or more consonants, or if the final consonant is preceded by two vowels instead of one.
I plan to go through this diet in eight weeks and lose up to five chilos, which would allow then to be in form, and still be in the normal BMI index for my height.
I felt powerful when I had these thoughts. That was a complete lie. The thoughts had power over me.
I cannot do it cuz I really couldn't,
Our carriage house has all that and so much more.
In the evening, I went to see my first Bollywood movie. Bollywood for all of its flair and fancy is still very conservative – only recently has kissing become appropriate and nudity is probably another 20 years away. However, I was fortunate enough to get a ticket to perhaps the most progressive film yet: Vicky Donor. Vicky Donor is the story of a young, under-funded Punjab who gets into the lucrative business of sperm doning, slowly shaming his family and friends in the process.
(Maria found a bite-size morsel as she was showing us her newer mushroom garden.)
With Shoe color & Pants Color: Legs (make 2, don't stuff)
I was a child when a gorgeous Tuesday morning turned into a day of confusion, fear, and anguish. In an English class, the intercom from the front office called me down for an unexpected "doctor's appointment." No school? Great. I walked with a spring in my step down to the office and as I walked out with my mother, her face turned grimmer than when I first saw her and she said, "I won't keep you in the dark. The Twin Towers have been destroyed. We're under attack." In the mid-90s, my family visited the Windows on the World restaurant a few times.
And get as an Extra Bonus a copy of this Website
Sometimes it just gets away from me. Life that is. It has been a whirlwind few weeks that started with a really strange occurrence. This big round ball of fire appeared in the sky one morning. I'm not sure what it was. I stared at it at first. Confused. Then I had to look away because it was so powerful. It looked like fire. It started to appear every morning and I went out every day checking it out. Soon I noticed strange things happening.
Well, he left and you know what? I did just fine. In fact, I did better than fine. The kids were great. I dealt with it myself when I had a meltdown. I took care of all household duties without him there to help me. I know it sounds wimpy, but things had become really too much for me, and I hated it. I absolutely hated that about myself. My mom lost her hair while he was gone, and it was really really hard. But I did it. She had her first chemo , and I dealt with it. All things I desperately did not want to experience. But I remembered that I am tough and that I can handle things on my own. I am infinitely better with Travis, but I can also be great by myself.
I cheated on the tree with another tree.
Because this is a faux roman shade it will not go up and down. This is not a problem, because we have a roller shade installed behind it that can easier be rolled up or down.
I always try to have a piece of fruit as a dessert to help satisfy my sweet tooth. This time of year, the organic fruit section of my local grocery store seems to be limited to apples and oranges. So for the near future you will see a lot of those cropping up in my 400 calorie dinners. If you are blessed to live in an area with a good variety of fruits, feel free to substitute a single serving of your favorite fruit for whatever I have listed.
The first time I did the challenge, I was in the first column (this is like the ‘beginner’ column), because I could only knock out 4 or 5 good push ups. This time around, thanks to 2 weeks of the Pinterest workout, I did 14 push ups, which puts me in the third (advanced) column. I’m marginally pissed about that, because it means that my workouts will immediately be challenging. I shouldn’t be pissed about that, but I’m definitely expecting a hard workout.
Obtain non-scented chlorine bleach for drinking water purification. Stock up on food, which does not require refrigeration or cooking. Make sure you have a manual can opener. Prepare intelligently for the morning commute. Avoid elevators. Don’t fly on airplanes. Coordinate preparations with friends and family. Make sure you have a portable radio. Fully charge all rechargeable batteries such as those found in cell phones. Disconnecting power from electronics. Fuel and check operation of automatic backup electrical generators. Individuals over 35 years of age should take an aspirin a day for the next week. Stock up on buckets, vitamins, and toilet paper. Have activities ready for your spare time such as visit the library or bookstore and obtain books for reading. For those with pets, make sure you have adequate supplies of pet food. In winter in cold weather areas additional preparations are required. If you have an electric garage door opener in your home, know how to manual disengage it. Reduce power consumption from the electrical power grid.
There'll be scary ghost stories
I never put a swear word or an edgy scene in for sensationalistic purposes. If it’s in there, it’s because it needs to be.
11/1/2009 – 7/31/2010: +89.71%
Bronchitis, not at all my choice,
13. Literally is quickly becoming the new Seriously. Literally is currently being used way too much, and will have us clutching our stomachs, spewing out, “Enough!”
At any rate, what are your educational values? How do they impact your teaching choices?
Note how Jackson puts “enemy” in quotation marks as if he did not see them as a threat or enemy...only the delusional general did.
Nurture your sons with love and counsel. Teach them the importance of personal cleanliness, of neatness in their dress. Sloppy ways lead to sloppy lives. Instill in them a sense of discipline. Keep them worthy of service to the Church as missionaries. Give them things to do so that they may learn to work. Teach them to be frugal. Labor and frugality lead to prosperity. Teach them that nothing really good happens after 11 o’clock at night. And do not spoil them. If they go on missions, they may be compelled to live in circumstances that you would not wish for them. Do not worry about them. Give them encouragement.
It would put more man power in the airports, provide long reaching job opportunities in every way from breeders, trainers, educators, to officers/handlers. Yet since it isn't “new” or “glamorous” we won't pursue it as an idea
Although the text makes reference to creating ‘the package’, something Newey excels at. This section doesn’t provide the insight into the overall design philosophy, which one might have hoped for.
Bottom line is that, as of September, only 63 weeks will be available in most states. At this point, jobless workers have more weeks available in all but seven.
my ideas for my sister's bridal shower.
In general, I have developed a bit of a laundry habit, so to speak. I usually wash most of my clothes in the washer, with cold water, and fabric softener ( and I have one of those washers you still have to "listen" for the rinse water to come in). After washing them, I usually run them through the no heat, air dry cycle on the dryer once. Then, anything I deem "good" clothes get hung on a hanger to dry. Good clothes are defined as anything I would wear in public, with the exception of undies, socks, and basic cotton camisoles, and kitchen aprons. Next in my current laundry care routine is vintage clothes. For the most part, I take anything from around 1975 or earlier to the dry cleaner, with the exception of polyester dresses.. I also take anything that is wool, lined coats and jackets ( unless they're super casual and cotton), and silk to the dry cleaners. Lastly, in my laundry routine is handmade clothing. Sometimes I put this in the wash, and line dry like the other "good" clothes, but I have a few pieces that I do hand wash.
Most of us work because we have to, because it is the only option on the table. This is the model of society we have grown up with, so it only makes sense that the rules of engagement with one another would need to change in order to live without money. The trick is how we make sure that the essential needs of all are covered when we no longer have money as our motivation to get out of bed in the morning. I have long thought that even in places like Denmark where a 37 hour working week and 5-6 weeks’ vacation a year is quite common, that we as a people are over worked (although to be fair Danes on a whole don’t blink about taking on part time study on top of a full time job or staying up late and getting up early on a regular basis) When you are tired, overworked and not getting enough sleep it is harder and harder to face a boring job that doesn’t inspire you (beyond the fear of losing it and your home). This is why I think valuing a person’s time should be the replacement: as we say ‘Time is Money’.
Bottom line, I’ll be playing this in the next beta, and I look forward to playing once it’s live. It may not be my permanent MMO home, but it bears investigation. I do heartily recommend it to anyone interested in MMOs, if only to see what the Russians are up to in game development. (Apparently, there are some solid game studios in Russia. I welcome this, since “Western” and Japanese games could use some competition.)
But please, please don't bristle at the fact that they're not bubbling fountains of joy. I realize unschoolers are subject to the pressure that all minority groups face, to make ourselves look good so the outside world can't scoff so easily at us. But in the process, we run the risk of excluding anyone who "makes us look bad": people with special needs who don't learn as easily, people who have pain in their lives, people whose kids are unhappy no matter what they do. Automatically assuming that anyone whose life isn't sunshine and rainbows must be doing something wrong doesn't do them any favors, and it adds to the perception of unschooling as a privileged thing that is only accessible to white upper-class hippies. That's a perception we really need to work on tearing down if we want all unschoolers to feel welcome and accepted. Unschooling isn't utopia, it's just life. It's a wonderful, free life, but it's not a perfect life. The real beauty of unschooling lies not in perfect bliss, but in the throwing off of unnecessary frustrations so we can save our energy for the unavoidable ones. We can't show that beauty to people who are contemplating unschooling, though, unless we show our frustrations along with our joys.
You know those addictions that you have that you just can’t shake? I’m not talking crack or heroine or alcohol or anything like that. I’m talking first-world-country, time-wasting, yet somehow so enthralling addictions?
This book is a different type of book. It's more a "how-to" than a typical cookbook filled with recipes. This book gives you some practical advice on the four following aread: planning, organizing, getting your food, and cooking - with a few recipes mixed in.
Sir Lancelot was a knight in the service of King Arthur, and the subject of several works of fiction. The Doctor summoned Sir Lancelot in his mental battle with the Master of the Land, in "The Mind Robber", 1968.
Rhubarb (2 pounds)
I am beginning to wonder if Christian faith is less about words and more about paying attention. Paying attention to the gardener…the stranger walking with us along the road of life. Paying attention to our hearts—the heaviness we carry—and the hope that comes as we recognize God walking with us in those places. I came across a poem this week that speaks to a way our hearts burn within us.
… and then I’ll stop, I promise. Perhaps you all remember the Sinaki study and that simple spinal extension exercise that was found to reduce fracture rates by 300%? Because the Hyperwear weights actually extend to the chest and upper back, and because the weights are so thin, you can wear it while doing your “Sinaki move,” meaning you can use your weight vest in a way that is beneficial to your spine. In my V-Max vest, the bulk of the weights make it impossible for me to lay on my stomach, and the lower position of the weights on the back mean that by the time I’ve lifted my chest off the floor, I’m not “lifting” any of the weights at all. They’re positioned too low. If I can wrestle my hubby into making another video, I’ll try to show you what I mean.
I do praise Driscoll for highlighting and drawing attention to Yom Kippur: being buried away in the text of Leviticus, its shapes and colours are often overlooked by the general reader. Yet, by mishandling the text and applying the wrong metaphor, inaccuracies have resulted. we are left with misshapen fragments, stained the wrong hue, giving a misleading image of the character and the works of God in his dealings with his people.
Round mamacitas amble on ample legs,
I realize that now is a pivotal point in the day. What happened before, and what comes next hinge on this moment. I am grasping for words that will take away their needless shame due to unmet expectations they had for themselves. My son has no time to process these feelings of his. He is called again to play his third and final number.
“Both Gordon and Montano are currently being investigated by detectives with the Valencia County Sheriff’s Department and could face charges of trying to introduce contraband into a jail, a fourth degree felony, Chavez said.”
Dates: Jun-Aug; Age/Grade Range: 7-17yo
And here is 12 ounces of Wool-Flax in the colorway Forest, also from Spunky Eclectic. I love this blend. I’ve spun it before, and figured as long as I was in the shop snagging the Sunken Treasure, I might as well stock up on a bit more of this. Thinking of something like the Radian Yoke for it, though my plans aren’t hard and fast at the moment.
1/2 cup (1 stick) butter, softened to room temp
Perryment
3) For Oley's pizza. I didn't cook tonight. HOORAH!
He chuckles as it immediately wraps its tail around his arm and starts licking his leg, soon attracting a couple of others who muscle in to get in on the rugby playing-peg action.
A firm handshake. A sudden and unexpected embrace. And then…you cry.
Unless you are managing the meeting yourself you have very little control on its overall effectiveness. All you can control as a participant in the meeting is your own behaviour and for this reason meetings are a wonderful opportunity for you to practice all of the attributes that you will need as you progress in your career.
Anzac Day is nearly upon us. I'll be honest this is one day on the calendar that we haven't dealt with much in our home.
"I'm on the side of not having another Realmwar until we're sure we can win." Rel's breath was back, and with it some of his confidence. "What good will the rod do, anyway?" He realised he could feel it, ever so slightly, pushing at a point somewhere deep inside his head. Where his own Gift must be, he realised, the bubble of the rod's powerful Warding resisting the tiny piece of the Second Realm that gave him his Clearsight.
2) Giving Caroline Benadryl before bedtime has the same effect as giving her an espresso chased by Red Bull. The spots are starting to fade, but everyone in this family will be taking an afternoon nap today.
But I'm a marketing golgotha. A marketing Ron Jeremy. A marketing Dalai Lama. My ideas have been proven to be phenomenal time and time and time again. Cloudvertising? Dadvertising? Both mine - both amazing, both totally unworkable (further proof that an idea is phenomenal), both the spark that caused raging brushfires of jealousy across the marketing world that is in my marketing department.
The personality trait most useful in my life is… my ability to appear interested and mildly intelligent at school supper evenings.
A third category makes provision for who is coming to the Islands for a “commercial activity” for a short period of time; not longer than seven days.
And finally, one of the sample I dropped into Stampalot yesterday using some lovely new dies and matching stamps which I have been very lucky to be working with the last week, thanks Janice. The stamps are sized to fit the arch doors perfectly, then there is the larger Chateau Gate stamps which also coordinates with the dies, I will share some using that shortly. The vine also come in the set of dies and I made the tiny roses with a punch. I would like to enter this card for the following challenge:
Behind the door, no room for books or bags —
interact with each other on a wide variety of topics.
That intersection had 178 collisions from 2005 to 2009.
The problem is what’s not explained on page 69. These people in the lavishly appointed room are there to witness an interrogation. The Checquy is a secret government agency that polices (and is staffed by) the supernatural. Rook Myfanwy Thomas has amnesia. And she can control people with her mind. Plus, there’s hardly any snide humour.
The minister appears to have tied herself up in a big political knot on the quesion of arms sales to Libya.
This result of course, does not please the politically appointed Lancashire Deputy Chief Constable and leading Dhimmi, Mike Cunningham. If he wishes to change the law then let him stand for election rather than making such stupid statements as
Still the dreaded storm surge of water, pushed in by the hurricane, aimed at the low seawalls of the waterfront, The Battery and the financial district didnt come as high as feared. There was flooding along the water's edge on the west side highway and other sea-leveled areas like Gowanus. Areas of Brooklyn and Queens that generally flood in big storms did again. And trees across the city are being uprighted or collected after being uprooted.
Thus, in New York, there is a man, a superhero if you will, wandering the streets in a blue windbreaker, snipping and snapping people leaping over puddles and snuck in snow drifts, documenting every inch of current fashion. An old man, who, if you didn’t know any better, you’d think was a misplaced trainspotter and/or peeping Tom, trolling for young flesh to add to his scrapbook of pre-faceless victims. But he’s not. The second you hear him talk, you realize this guy is the result of dipping Mr. Rogers in fairy-batter and baking in an oven set to ‘Adorable’ degrees. He’s probably the only person on planet earth, who could stand on a corner in Soho, taking photos of people’s butts and escape without a stiletto heel burying in his spleen.
To keep you on track; here’s a list of suggestions for photo opportunities for the month of May:
He just finished up the semester, but even in the middle of finals week he was and has continued to let me come home to a spotless, sparkling house every night. On top of other things he has kept up with the laundry, scrubbed the mold off the ceilings, done the dishes, cleaned the bathrooms, and mopped the floors. I'll admit that he is kind of a clean freak, but he also does it just because he loves me and wants me to be able to relax when I'm away from rehearsal. I am so grateful because our house would be a hot mess, literally, if he wasn't so awesome.
From International Business Times: As an oyster filter-feeds by drawing water through its gills, it traps a lot of particles – both plankton and pollution. The bits it can’t eat are mixed with bunch of mucus, ejected, and settle down to the floor as sediment instead of remaining suspended in the water. A single adult oyster can process nearly 50 gallons of water a day.
My friend Rick Hereen shared a story about an encounter he had where prayer revealed an amazing insight into a business owner‘s problem. “A friend who is a pastor told me that a couple within his congregation were having financial trouble in their business. He asked me if I would pray for them. I agreed. The day came for me to meet the couple. I listened to their story for a while and then suggested that we begin to pray.
Girl you know you, Got me feeling Stupid
Nyanga is the daughter of Thor, a white lion sold by the Johannesburg Zoo to controversial wildlife trader Riccardo Ghiazza in 2002. At the time of the sale, Ghiazza had recently been found guilty of animal cruelty in the well-known Tuli elephant scandal.
hatred of the Word God has given you by Grace alone, that you may repent before
8) Our children keep trying to ride Lewis. Lewis keeps biting our children. This is all one big problem.
In her later years, she hated it when her hands started to age. She bought jar after jar of vanishing cream to fight the brown spots that marred them and became self-conscious as arthritis twisted her fingers into painful knots. She held up her hands to family members and joked about being able to point to one side or the other without moving her hands, but in public she kept them folded inconspicuously in her lap.
- You will send each of those ten people one of your handmade postcards.
He was making a lamb feast -- wanted me to come. He told me to bring "the fam," bring whoever, but my head kept swirling around the singular thought, "He wants to see me."
And good luck. I think your plan is solid and it sounds like you have the drive to achieve your dreams.
- I finally get to fulfil my dream of becoming a doctor.
After that we went to an orphanage where there were 12 5-9 year olds who just wanted someone to play with. I did my best through broken Spanish and some English words to communicate. I ended up playing with legos with a little girl and picking up different color blocks because I know some colors in spanish and she had fun with that. There were also two dogs who seemed to be tortured by the children, they ran to me for refuge whe the kids were chasing them and I enjoyed petting them.
Decade Infernus (Black Lotus Records 2004 - Red Printing error on spine)
As I've written before, Ryancare substitutes ideology for honesty. Brooks sips from this cup of Kool-Aid regularly, rarely if ever pointing out that Ryancare is all in on controlling costs by shifting them to elders. If that's what the country wants, then it's what we should do. But how about being up front about the choice?
Hi blog amigos! How was everyone’s weekend? I’m totally aware that today is Tuesday but a small tidbit about me…my week starts on Tuesday. Yes, I have a regular 9-5, Monday thru Friday job like the rest of you but my brain starts functioning on Tuesday. Monday’s are like the transition period back into the week and Tuesday is when I get moving. I barely ever make it to the gym on Mondays, I barely ever make it to work on time on Mondays, I hardly ever pull off a home cooked meal on Mondays, etc…
Once there was a little bunny who wanted to run away.
- 3 interior compartments with zipped pocket
up gets done.
The older the audience, the less need for an entirely loveable protagonist-- but you still need a protagonist with a primal goal. You still need a protagonist that drives the story, above all the rest, who is so interwoven with the plot that you can't remove them. You still need a protagonist with something to lose (something at stake). And you still need a protagonist with defined, unique characterization, someone that a reader is willing to associate with through the length of your story.
WHAT?!?!?! Why won’t you take my money?!?!
The end to this story is that while they were up visiting this Mother for her 90th birthday, and giving her this amazing giftbook of pages from her entire family, she passed away shortly after.
But is it the end?
Oh, and it’s ALWAYS to the Mom…
“Anyone else up yet?”
Yesterday, as I was doing some organizing around my house, I found some stamps and envelopes that were leftover from Christmas. This inspired me to spend part of my afternoon putting together little surprises to mail out to a few people who won’t know it’s coming.
these children
The secure, are the transparent people. The ones that will tell you they love you but your negative reaction will never move a muscle in their soul. They will not change in the face of no reciprocation. Those are the people I fall hardest for.
In one of the first sessions we examined the top 10 most oppressive visual symbols in history. Amongst that top 10 were images such as the burning cross, confederate flag and the swastika. Also making this list was Chief Wahoo….I asked the youth participants to give me the first words that came to mind when they saw that image. Some of the words included:
We should be aware we are always communicating through our facial expressions, posture and gestures, without saying a word.
we thought), used to always get excited when a new food bag was opened and
Exploring brewing traditions in Wales as part of the "housewife's duties". And celebrating Otley Brewery's past, present and future with the launch of "Oxymoron". Including a few good slurps of light ales and traditional bitters, including past winners of the Champion Beer of Wales.
Since I'm trying something new with my quarters, I think this quote will do:
Today’s FAS-FAX report is the first to reflect the U.S. newspaper rule changes that went into affect last October. For more than two years, newspaper publishers and buyers worked to build a new framework for the qualification and reporting of newspaper media. The October 2010 rule changes had three major components:
"Out loud," she said.
THE GUARDIAN OF THRESHOLD is a complete story in itself and the first volume of the series called THRESHOLD CHRONICLES.
The reality is that seniors in New Jersey are often forced from their homes by property taxes that surpass – and outlive – their mortgages. Unlike mortgages, which eventually are paid off, property taxes never go away and continue to increase year after year. If we add the actual direct increase in property taxes during the first two years of the Christie administration and the indirect increases caused by the elimination of the State property tax rebates, we arrive at the massive increase of 20% in 2 years. That is scandalous and it has had the effect of pushing numerous seniors out of their homes, or at the very least under the poverty line – in terms of disposable income.
I did not meet Guru Gobind Singh in a trance or in Samadhi or in a dream state.
Stephen Coughlin delivers impeccably sourced briefs on jihad (“enemy threat doctrine”) based on facts, sacred texts and law books, all as codifed by the most authoritative Islamic sources. I know: I’ve heard his briefs on multiple occasions.
No doubt all of this planning won’t go into effect until many, many decades from now. But after listening to Lynn’s story, my husband and I planned our funerals so I know what he wants and he knows what I want.
Meanwhile, put 3 cups beans and 2 cups broth into a blender and purée until smooth; set aside. Add remaining broth to sausage mixture in pot and bring to a boil, scraping up any browned bits. Add kale, reduce heat, cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, until wilted and softened, about 5 minutes. Uncover, add remaining 4 cups beans, bean puree, salt and pepper and simmer until hot throughout, about 5 minutes more.
Or maybe you would choose to soak (wallow?) in this week's section from the Farewell Discourse in John's Gospel. I swear, sometimes I find John soars to rhetorical heights, but sometimes I need a higher degree to figure out what the heck he is saying (mind you I say the same thing about the letters of Paul). Just who is of which world in this passage? And which world are we supposed to be part of? Or in? Not to mention that there is something voyeurish about this whole chapter seeing as we are (as it is written) listening in on a prayer. And so we the readers/listeners get talked about in the third person. Ugh!
The joy of thine abode, all earthly joy excels.”
Tic toc, tic toc, tic toc......
Paying attention is not just important for breaking the ice or starting conversation but a big part of being adaptable is being attentive. You never know what you might learn from someone by just listening to what they say. I mean honestly listening. Pay attention in every situation in life, whether you are driving in unfamiliar territory or you are walking down a dark street. You never know when the idiot in front of you is going to slam on their brakes or maybe the guy next to you who didn’t realize he had a car in his blind spot when he went to change lanes.
1/2 pint red pepper relish
1/2 tablespoon of butter, melted
“That’s enough, Natalie,” Mom added before turning back around.
Virginia (where he and Ron Paul were the only two on the ballot)
Warm the chicken and mushrooms in a separate pan. You can strain the sauce if you wish and re-heat. Place the chicken on the potato cakes with steamed artichoke hearts, asparagus and fried onions. Sprinkle with mushrooms and spoon the sauce over the chicken. Sprinkle with parsley.
Vietnam mainly imports from Myanmar its forestry products, marine products, vegetables and rubber while exporting to Myanmar iron products, machines and spare parts, plastic, textile and clothing.
Dumas’ writing earned him a great deal of money, but he was frequently insolvent as a result of spending lavishly on woman and sumptuous living. The large Château de Monte-Cristo that he built was often filled with strangers and acquaintances taking advantage of his generosity.
But wait, something new.
WHEN: Friday, January 27, 2012, from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM.
Next, melt the chocolate in a heatproof bowl, gently, over a saucepan of barely simmering water. Put on one side to cool.
Twitter: @peternickeas
My plans for 2011 are to try to find a decent job, hopefully get into teachers college or my M.A., and hopefully go to Europe. I like to dream small (hehe). But for now, 2010 recap time! And I'm going to try to limit each month's summary to two sentences. Let's see how badly I fail at this.
Time flies, I do know that much. I went down to Brighton last week for my youngest daughter's graduation day, and engaged in what for me is a very rare activity: taking photographs. Looking through a lens can be a sharp reminder of how briefly we inhabit this planet. Is that really my little girl? And if so, what happened to the last twenty one years? Where did they go?
imagine if words could heal
Perhaps Mr. Nelson and others like him who have their paranormal claims tested by folks like the IIG and fail at those claims should consider the wise words of science fiction writer Philip K. Dick:
I can understand that The Emperor Hirohito wasn’t very keen on announcing that two atomic bombs had entirely erased Hiroshima and Nagasaki from the map. Consequently, he said that the war was not necessarily proceeding to Japan’s advantage, so this might be a wise moment to surrender.
Mommy (my favorite word of them all)
While every day is Hayley Mills Day at the HMCC, a new continuing feature of Lady, That's My Skull is Monday with Hayley, featuring Hayley Mills the star of stage, screens both big and small and the dreams of millions.
So I had actually completely forgot about making a favourites post for the month of January, until I logged onto YouTube and saw everyone's "favourites" videos... been really busy, so it definitely slipped my mind. Plus, I'm currently distracted by the Grammy's -- which btw, has been a pretty amazing show so far -- I hope Bon Jovi performs "Always"!!!
That’s only a partial list, but I think it’s enough for the time being, and its brings us to more recent history.
Feeney and Gallicchio combined to push the home team up 4-0 to start the third game before the Indians cruised to a 15-1 lead. The visiting defense stiffened and responded with Nelson and Isaiah Thomasson stuffing the NHS attack and cutting the lead to three, 22-19. A pair of kills from freshman Tyler Callahan and a Maloney hitting error clinched the win for the Indians.
Authorities have arrested 77 people in a massive Los Angeles-area parole sweep. Nearly 1,000 state, local and federal agents spread out Thursday morning to determine whether 300 people who went to prison for gun crimes are obeying their parole terms. Violators could go back to prison. At a news conference, Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said parole system reforms made earlier this year are providing more funding and helping authorities to focus on high-risk offenders.
please leave, this is a birthday party!'.
Dance of Fury!
Everything we have examined so far has shown us that the ear possesses an extraordinary design. On closer examination, it becomes evident that this design is irreducibly complex, since, in order for hearing to happen, it is necessary for all the component parts of the auditory system to be present and in complete working order. Take away any one of these-for instance, the hammer bone in the middle ear-or damage its structure, and you will no longer be able to hear anything. In order for you to hear, such different elements as the ear drum, the hammer, anvil and stirrup bones, the inner ear membrane, the cochlea, the liquid inside the cochlea, the tiny hairs that transmit the vibrations from the liquid to the underlying sensory cells, the latter cells themselves, the nerve network running from them to the brain, and the hearing center in the brain must all exist in complete working order. The system cannot develop “by stages,” because the intermediate stages would serve no purpose.
* Still Photographers – for all activities
Previously established guidelines within the administration say that data could only be collected under authorization set forth by written code, but the new provisions in the NOC’s write-up means that any reporter, whether someone along the lines of Walter Cronkite or a budding blogger, can be victimized by the agency. This strikes me as blowback from Bradley Manning, and Julian Assange (the heart of Wikileaks), as well as the use of social media in the "Arab Spring" uprisings and even the use of Twitter in the Occupy Whatever protests. The "real time" angle seems to be directed at the latter sort of example: they want to know who's tweeting where the police are, or coordinating riots.
below is a coffee cozy I made using the same pattern
Wilders was returned to the Netherlands after he was arrested at London’s Heathrow Airport.
What's your opinion? Please leave a comment.
but LOVE is definitely the answer.
2. Press Along To The Big Corral
by Susen Foster
The day started with a doctor’s appointment to get a new medical certificate for Centrelink (yes! I’m still on Sickness Allowance and not Disability). I remember my list of things to tell the doctor – and, FINALLY, I remembered to take my postcards.
I created a sheet of green polka dotty paper and typed the word Lucky on it. The word is really transparent so I was just able to see the outline of the word. I printed it on a thicker cardstock, and YOU can download the free printable here if you'd like to make this yourself!
Bernardo Carpio’s mythology may have risen from earthquakes but he has also been portrayed as a revolutionary (when Filipinos were struggling against Spanish rule) as well as a hero who fights to release Filipinos from poverty.
Now your thinking how does this benefit Game Stop, Game or Play N’ Trade? Well the retailers make a killing selling used software. In fact GameStop makes more on used software then new. But what happens if game developers can’t produce as many new games? Less new games means less used games to sell. Why do people trade in their old games? To buy new games! But what happens when the industry goes from nearly 100 big titles to 20? That is 80 fewer games to resell and 80 fewer reasons for people to trade in their games.
A team from Kyoto University found deficient levels of protein called connexin43 trick the bladder into believing that it is full, which sends a ‘must urinate’ warning to the brain.
there was an innocent time
From your doting Habanero Son.
Each day I live in this part of our beautiful country, I feel like I am home and that my soul has found its place where I can express myself and build a life for myself here.
It's time for another challenge from Magnolia Down Under and this week we are asking you to frame it. I just happen to have some acetate brackets from Bo Bunny, that I never ever used. SEE?! Hoarding isn't THAT bad. LOL!
Widmer KGB Stout, 2010. Speaking of roasty, I was amazed to find this beer had changed very little in a year's time. I think it could easily go another five years.
4. I enjoy digging in the dirt and planting things far more than a glass of wine. I enjoy gardening even more with music and my boys running around me.
This dress looks like the one she wore to Buckingham Palace at the start of the wedding dress exhibition (here). The one shown here is pink but it also comes in black and grey.
Perhaps it is this intense scrutiny that motivates many different cities to perennially compete for the right to host the games? The International Olympic Committee is responsible for choosing a new host city every few years. When deciding where the 2012 Olympics would be held, the cities that the IOC had to choose from needed no introduction: London, New York, Paris, Moscow, and Madrid. The right to host the Olympics surely must be quite the prize if cities of this caliber are competing so vigorously for the privilege.
The RAND Corporation is surely one of the world’s most unusual, Cold War-bred private organizations in the field of international relations. While it has attracted and supported some of the most distinguished analysts of war and weaponry, it has not stood for the highest standards of intellectual inquiry and debate. While RAND has an unparalleled record of providing unbiased, unblinking analyses of technical and carefully limited problems involved in waging contemporary war, its record of advice on cardinal policies involving war and peace, the protection of civilians in wartime, arms races, and decisions to resort to armed force has been abysmal.
However, this has potential to lead to tokenism in a way. Female gamers are playing mmos and other games already. They’re playing League of Legends and DOTA. They play Starcraft, and World of Warcraft, and Halo, and Call of Duty. Some put up with the crass objectification and harassment, some play as males, and some never had a problem ever. But regardless of their experiences, chances are they’ve earned their stripes. This move could be seen as giving female players an advantage over their male counterparts, a sort of reverse-sexism. Worse (and here’s where ickle says I’m overthinking things, and ickle could be very right about this), it could lead to someone having their non-gamer girlfriend or sister signing up to play for the benefits, then telling the gf or sister to go hide in the bushes while they actually play the game. Sort of a “stay out of the way, but don’t leave because otherwise I won’t have as strong a shield” kind of thing. And how is that helping the women to enjoy the game? It has the potential to diminish all gamers with an XX chromosome to ‘probably a casual gamer helping out a friend/bf/brother/husband’ in the community’s eyes–the exact opposite of what they were trying to achieve in the first place. The developers may also want to pay attention to the gender-based talents they’re offering BOTH genders. Are the female gamers getting more defensive/healing spells, while the male gamers getting attack/fighting spells? That’s playing into the shield maiden vs warrior tropes, and while not a problem, definitely something to watch if they’re trying to do something interesting and different with both genders playing together.
I’m asking what you believe about your relationship with Him.
“These stories happen all the time,” Mr. Coates said. “It’s heartbreaking and tragic, but there’s not much news coverage unless the circumstances are truly, truly unusual.”
I HATE PASTRY
The ever giving blessings of being grateful are amazing!
I could see this being more valuable the larger the organization, which makes sense because the smaller organizations are more nimble and ranking should be easier to begin with. It could also be very valuable in organizations that have R&D spread across multiple locations. As I noted earlier the best residual effect of this improved process would be the fostering of collaboration and inserting IP right into the fabric of the development culture.
Busy, consistency, on target, focused in the zone, exceeding the goal consistently and so on.
They would reach for the skies
Three Floyds Black Sun Stout exuded a piney hop aroma with some dark chocolate (like a black IPA). Pitch black with a creamy dark head. Flavors of chocolate, wood, some citrus, and a bitter aftertaste.
Please continue to pray in support of Erika and the kids.
She wasn’t as career driven as he thought she was when he’d first met her. This surprised him, as he thought she was passionate about her work. He thought she wanted to make a difference. But the more they talked about having a family, he found she wanted to stay at home with the children instead of working.
Consultation. This is the right of the licensee to contact the licensor by mail, telefax, telex or telephone through representatives appointed by each party.
Formal Dining Room/Gallery
Kamenitza AD Kamenitza
These little birdies always remind me of Christmas and there's many super images out there to choose from for this theme. For me, it made a refreshing change to do something a little more "grown up" and less cute!
At how she behaved
Macular Degeneration (MD) is the leading cause of blindness in Australia with 1 in 7 people over the age of 50 being affected by it. In hard numbers this means that each year there are 17,700 new cases and the frequency of the problem increases as we get older. In the US the numbers are even more startling with over 7 million people suffering from the condition. The experts talk of Dry and Wet forms of the disease with the wet form being more amenable to treatment, and the dry form - the far more common one - having no effective treatment at all.
Deadlines, mortgages:
She is incredibly sweet though and has settled in enough to stop charging the fence at people. Maybe it's because they bring food and treats. Like apples, carrots and handfuls of grass.
And in a few moments we run, kissing goodbye what almost held us captive. Laughter and joy and readiness - all evidence we've quickly forgotten the stale comforts of the everyday.
I rescued a cook book in my box of “ones to go” thinking that I might have missed something good. After spending some time with it, I decided my original idea was a good one. I did settle on a couple, but if you do not like them be grateful that I did pass on the one called DEVILED SARDINES and one called SZECHUN NOODLES with PEANUT SAUCE ! By now you will be scared to try the ones I did select.
This is what I got:
Then there was the Inquisition. The Catholic Church again felt it was their duty to kill everyone in their way who didn’t adopt the Catholic religion. Sounds a whole lot like current religious wars, and religious wars that have been waged since the beginning of time. I learned in a psychology class in college that the hardest thing to do is change a person’s beliefs. I can accept that. So why does everyone still feel it their obligation to constantly try? That may be a topic for another post.
georgia peach
Follow your instructions on the box, make small almost ‘silver dollar’ sized pancakes.
Snack: 15g carbohydrates In order to get enough calories through out the day we get to eat every 2-4 hours and at each sitting never more than 45g of carbohydrates. Also, distributed through out the day should be at least 25g of fiber, 60g of protein and 60g of fat. Total calorie intake should be around 1,700. This plan varies by practice and your specific needs. This is what I was given.
Tells my story back to me
1. Mix the flour, salt, sugar and yeast in a bowl.
When I sit down at this desk to write my thesis, she is my shadow. But at other times, when I email friends, when I feel guilty about not visiting my ninety-three year old grandmother more often, or when I accidentally spend most of Sunday reading novels in the bath, I am not the shadow cast by a PhD candidate sitting before a laptop and a desk-lamp.
Anurag Batra on how the print media can capitalise on a digital presence.
We all had it wrong.
I last blogged about this sweater in January. Since then I have made some progress but not really enough - it was started in September last year and has been a bit of a slog. It's turned into a bit of a vampire project, steadily sucking the enjoyment out of knitting for me, as I know it is there, WAITING, to get finished.
of the work as a whole. In the case of the “Eighth,” the
The ISO 12800 performance of the X100 is a nice boost to the limit of its sensor. The pixel noise is not so pretty though with JPEG. There’s always repeated noise pattern in the same area. The colors are too washed out. Black and white is the only way to go. I’ll read more about the RAW format. I think it’s something i want to try out in the future.
But sucks to be alone.
* I cut the background fabric to 11" square and then trim them down to 10.5" after sewing down all the strips of fabric over the batting- as it is quilting the fabric as we sew down the fabric it can sometimes makes the background fabric creep a bit and it may measure smaller than what you start with. It also means that you will completely cover the background and batting with the fabric strips and not have any seams not covered by the binding strips.
What’s your personal style?
Not only did I get everything clean and tidy, but I have a whole new living area configuration. I’m still getting used to it – several times I’ve come in through my door with a drink and almost dropped it on my bed, forgetting my desk is no longer there.
Give you one guess.
waves
Step 2 - Add the powdered sugar and stir until it all completely melts into the liquid. Whisk to remove any lumps and blend into a smooth, thick glaze. If the glaze is too thick, whisk in a bit more water.
This just landed in my inbox, and I'm going to publish it here because I get a variation of this letter at least once a month. It's starting to make me a little loopy.
Gordan is now minister of finance. Moe qualified as a optometrist.
But before I get into how happy am I with my loss, I will go on to explain why I believe it to be miraculous.
if you come to our place
If you are interested in getting into shape, or want some information on this subject. I have just completed my report, "How To Start A Fitness Program And Get Results In Just 30 Days."
I wanted to start this paragraph with saying, “I hate that I am including religion into the matter of my posts”, as I don’t want to give off the impression that I am “legalistic” or perhaps trying to “persuade” anyone and everyone to believe what I am saying. In an ideal world, I would love for everyone to become believers in Jesus and his death on the cross bringing redemption and grace. But, the last thing I want to do is to come off as imposing by force, though impossible through this medium, or coming off as better than others. But what I realize by debating on what to limit or not limit is that some things aren’t meant to be limited or obscured. When a man is talking to a woman, he cannot help to notice that she is a woman. More times than not she will look like a woman, sound like a woman, have similar characteristics of a woman, and things of that nature. The same thing is in reverse when the woman sees the man; she acknowledges on a subconscious level that she is talking to a man. So in the same way I desire for Christianity to be second nature as to who I am.
Symptoms: I kind of over-did it this past Sunday when I spent the entire day cleaning my house and putting up the Christmas decorations. By the end of the day, after walking around for hours, I had the pregnancy waddle down, and my hips/butt/legs felt like I weighed 2,000 lbs. Even though I don’t pull out the pregnancy card often, I have to understand my limitations while I’m pregnant. Hours of hard-core organizing and cleaning are just not possible right now since this baby likes to hang out so low. The constant pressure really takes its toll after a while.
So here is my card from the Heart:
And so it stays just on the edge of vision,
It's been a month now. No lowfat yogurt, no diet desserts or 100 calorie packs, no diet soft drinks, no Crystal Light, etc. I kept the toothpaste. There's really not a good alternative and at least I don't swallow that, right?
He also took a swipe at the Transport Ministry’s decision to approve the hike, asking why it wasn’t defending the people “to make sure they get good value for the (old) RM25 airport tax”.
knowing they're all untrue
And of course, we cannot forget that Mr. Rickman starred in all 8 of the Harry Potter films as Professor Severus Snape. If you haven't yet seen the 8th HP film, then GO WATCH IT RIGHT NOW. Just go to the nearest movie theater and buy yourself a ticket and watch it. Or when it's out of the theaters, then go rent/buy it and watch it. Mr Rickman's role in this film is, in my opinion, the role of his career. It practically sums up every type of role he's ever done, and may I say, it was one of his most brilliant acting jobs ever.
The Phoenix. It has a special meaning for me as my name, Anstice, means 'she who will rise again'. I also love Fawkes from Harry Potter.
HORSE: with smaller hook
I've got a heart with real blood and I have no need to stutter my words or to apologize.
SO NOT PERFECT
I got really riled up by a post I read yesterday on a website. The post was called “The Real Reason Your Wife Doesn’t Want To Work” . I think the title alone got me annoyed. So maybe I went to bed wound up and woke up still tense about it?
As you probably know my theme was science (unless you're a new visitor, in which case, Welcome to the blog! and yes, I'm that crazy), and my posts covered Astrophysics, Biotechnology, Cosmology, Dendrochronology, Exobiology, Fluid Dynamics, General Relativity, Helioseismology, Inorganic Chemistry, Jumping Genes, Kinematics, Lithology, Microbiology, Nanotechnology, Oceanography, Particle Physics, Quantum Physics, Robotics, Spectroscopy, Toxicology, Unified Theory, Volcanology, Wave-Particle Duality, X Chromosome, Y Chromosome, and Zoology.
ever!!
Sometimes I think there are greater forces at work in our lives than our mundane, ordinary consciousness can perceive, and that most of us have little if any influence over. If that is the case, then what manifests may have more to do with what is needed for us, then what we think we need. Frequently when two people meet and really “click,” they feel like the universe has conspired to bring them together, as if they were destined to meet and to form a lasting bond, perhaps even marry, have children, and grow old together. Certainly it was that way with Traci and I, although my trust in the process was probably greater than hers in the beginning.
It was a tough week. Tougher than I am, that’s for sure. I set myself and my recovery back a bit because when they tell me I have “no limitations” I take them literally!! I overdid a bit by going to Houston for Scott’s 40th birthday, attending a Rockies game while there (they were playing the Astros), and then coming home and going to Rockies home opener. I must have walked up and down 25 flights of stairs and walked many many miles during those few days. I then prepared to have surgery on my neck…a little basal cell spot…on Wednesday. Well, that totally kicked my butt, and I then had two days of rest, mostly in bed, lots of pain and restrictions such as no lifting or bending, and I ended up in a state of total self-pity. After P.T. on Friday I treated myself to a little luxury with a mani/pedi and just a bit of retail therapy…sure enough it lifted my spirits!! So now I’m trying to gear up to return to work on Monday. It’s been six weeks…in some ways it seems much longer than that, but one thing is for sure: I could easily NOT return to work and be very very happy!!
This beautifully decorated egg box (containing 6 Cadbury cream eggs) was decorated by Mary's sister Jackie (she has no blog) and she used satin ribbon, cream picot edge lace and lemon pretty blossom flowers
Minton said the furloughs in Kentucky and several other money-saving measures were needed after lawmakers cut the judicial branch’s budget for fiscal 2013, which begins July 1, by more than $25 million.
felt the tingle of his till-we-meet-again kiss on my cheek.
Here is my first awesome rainy-day activity. With some initial planning, it can be a seasonal activity that carries you right through the entire rainy season.
The Mail’s boat-people who shipped out to the Barclaygraph four years ago have a bit of a thing about the less well-behaved Windsors. I don’t doubt that any kid inheriting the genes of Sarah Ferguson and Princess Diana is going to behave like a dingbat on occasions; but the Telegraph’s obsession with rubbishing the Yorks in general and Harry in particular raises eyebrows here and there.
Top, New York and Company - Goodwill
The Author Blog Awards aim to honour the best blogs by both published and unpublished writers. They will recognise the writers who use their blogs to connect with readers in the most imaginative, engaging and inspiring ways. At the same time we hope to attract new audiences to these blogs and help readers find out more about the authors they love, and new authors too.If you like, you can nominate me too. Or another blog of a published or unpublished author of your choice. That would be very nice. And if you don't feel like doing that, you should read and submit to The Rejection Digest - a new on-line lit mag edited by my friend Socrates.
Finally, Masimo urged that RESPOSABLE is part of a unitary mark and therefore need not be disclaimed. It lamely asserted that RAINBOW RESPOSABLE creates an incongruity because "a reusable and disposable rainbow does not exist." Although presumably amused, the Board was unmoved: "Because RESPOSABLE has the meaning of a reusable disposable item, consumers would regard RAINBOW as the source-indicating element of the mark and RESPOSABLE as describing the goods."
If you are considering matters regarding your company directors, such as appointments or removals, you can find a useful set of templates here.
Sound), and jazz players Adam Lane, and Avram Fefer.
Oxford’s fielding was quite lamentable, by the way. A similar occurence in 1930 prompted a letter to The Times, from Mr. W.B. de Winton, which ended -
Also, I was maybe just a little bit more obsessive compulsive at 25.
It's a simple fact: if you give someone a gift, you make that person happy. Whenever opportunity arises, that person will want to give a gift back.
Thank you. Ok, back to business. These dangers are …Actually I don’t know what they are. I only came up with the word ‘will’ to have something to write. I do apologize for the inconvenience.
-Blogger now offers up to 10 static pages, but makes it difficult to divide old content onto them if you want to create separate categories of your content (i.e. wanting old 'Austin' tagged posts to get placed in a new 'Austin' static page).
The flash photograph has no blush on for some reason, I took these photos as I was curling my hair so did my make-up in-between letting the curls set! I am pretty impressed with the foundation, it is aimed at people who feel the need to cover up blemishes / scars and does the job perfectly for me. At £15.50 it is more than your average high street foundation but still cheaper than a high end one. It works with my skin, which is oily in places and dry in others. However the limited choice of shades will put many people off. I do have to be extra careful to blend it into my neck so no clear foundation line, but with my normal pale powder on top it is fine.
83. James and the Giant Peach: Roald Dahl
TAGS PGOV, PINR, SF
Who I Made It For?: Prince Charming, Big Sister, and I
However a new 50 year follow-up study from Chile has literally blown that hypothesis out of the water and demonstrated that the key determinant of maternal mortality is actually the educational level of women.
Every day I am reminded that the bookshelves from the Sweet and Sour Nursery I did have really been the biggest thing of my career. I get emails on a daily basis asking about these, and they have inspired countless reproductions in various lengths. I am so happy to announce that the nursery will be in a book coming out next year, that I will talk about later!
A few months ago, I decided Kara was displaying the signs that she was ready to potty train--and she was--but I wasn't. We started it a little bit, but I was just too busy with school and other things going on in our life and didn't feel like I could devote the right amount of time in order to get her to potty train successfully. I gave up after a few days, but kept talking to Kara about the potty and having big-girl panties, and so forth. For the last few weeks, we've been telling Kara that as soon as I was done with school, we were going to stop wearing diapers and go on the potty. Well, on Saturday (with a little urging from my mom), we decided the time had come, and let Kara run around without any pants on. She would sit on the potty, and she didn't have any accidents, but still refused to actually use the potty--she just waited until nap or bed time when we put the pull-ups on her. Sunday was the same story. Monday was the same at first, but I finally told Jon "she's not putting pull-ups on until she actually uses the potty." Well, at the end of the day at 8:45 (normally her bedtime is 8:00) she took herself to the potty and used it! Woo! We were so proud of her! Today we put panties on, and she's had two accidents, but after that, had successful potty tries. I am so glad that we decided to go ahead and do potty training, because I think everybody at our house is ready for it.
But I do have a secret side. And I won't be able to hide it anymore, when i move out with my boyfriend...Last night was a good example. The house was hot, so I started walking around in my underpants, and I didn't know what to eat for dinner. I found some sausages in the fridge, wasn't sure how old they were, and decided to eat them anyway. Then I realised I had nothing to eat them with, and put some clothes back on to buy microwave mash from the corner shop.
So do I.
All in all, a great vacation. Her Majesty didn't fall in a well -- although I am not sure that vacationing with a 19-month-old really counts as a vacation--Wonder Boy didn't get bitten by a scorpion, I managed to get hammered on both nights after the kiddos were in bed, and Pod got some quality time a-porch sittin' and a-beer drankin'.
you help others as it makes you feel good from the inside.
But with you I feel a better me returning to the surface
Long live Senna!!!
It might look like a fearsome carnivore, but it’s completely harmless – and it’s inanimate as well!
2) Set the scene and just sit - Location, location, location!
It is essential we make a bold and decisive stand today. There is much at stake. P*rnography degrades and objectifies women and children and is a major contributor to divorce, family breakdown, the sexual exploitation of women and children, prostitution and general moral decay.
This last work is probably the most famous political image of the twentieth century. It is Picasso’s Guernica painted for the Paris Exposition in 1937. It illustrates the bombing of Guernica, which lies in the Basque region of Spain. The assault was carried out by German and Italian war planes, and backed by the Spanish Nationalists. It depicts the horrors of war, and particularly the devastation it caused for innocent civilians. Picasso’s imaginative and grotesque take on the subject, so acutely captures the nightmarishness of senseless warfare that it has became a powerful advocate for peace, which is, in itself, an illustration of the very important role art can play in this world.
Okay so I know I'm like 574894738294 years late on this bandwagon, but whatever. I used my friend's palette a few months ago and immediately decided that I needed to have my own. I purchased it about a month later and haven't looked back since.
MARLEY made its world premiere at the Berlin Film festival in February and had it’s North American premiere at SXSW.
Almost everyone I knew seemed to be leaving Paris that summer but although we had been there three years, we had been offered another couple of years. Maybe. I wasn't too happy about staying on because I loved it. It may sound contradictory, but I thought if I stayed longer I'd never want to leave.
Father, our fears cause us to lock ourselves away from Your presence and Your power that You so much want us to have. We have financial fears, commitment fears, work fears, even fears about faith.
Last week, CNN asked “whether a strong macho element in the culture of the U.S. Secret Service could pose a threat to security.” But it looks like Reid already knew the answer to that question — she just wasn’t in a position to help fix it until she entered her new role.
I wanted to have some other place to put some of these things where A.) they weren't hidden away to be forgotten, and B.) they would almost seem like decoration while they were hanging out.
And all I’ve had the chance
In Compliance, a half-brother to the talented One Cool Cookie, began his career with the late Michael O’Brien for owner Sean Mulryan and made his debut in a bumper at Punchestown in April, 2004, finishing seventh. The following season he won a Fairyhouse bumper in November and a Punchestown maiden hurdle in January. In 2005/06, he was sent novice chasing and won his first two starts over the larger obstacles, before ending the season by being placed in Grade One contests at Fairyhouse and Punchestown. A Grade Three victory at Down Royal on his seasonal debut in 2006/07 preceded the biggest win of his career to date, when he got the better of 2006 Cheltenham Gold Cup winner War Of Attrition in the Grade One John Durkan Memorial Punchestown Chase in December, 2006. That season ended with a third place in the Grade One Punchestown Gold Cup in April. After finishing fourth in the Grade One Paddy Power Dial-A-Bet Chase in December, 2007, he was not seen out again until November, 2009, when he won the Listed Thurles Chase over two miles and six furlongs on his first start for Dessie Hughes and new owners the Westerly Breeze Syndicate. He followed up his winning return by taking second behind Joncol in the Grade One John Durkan Memorial Punchestown Chase the following month but was generally disappointing for the rest of last season. He did run over the Grand National fences, taking sixth in the John Smith’s Topham Chase behind Always Waining in 2091. Last season he ran five times, putting up his best performance of the season when taking the Cashel Chase at Thurles on February 24 and he ended the campaign with a distant 13th in the John Smith’s Grand National. He has made two appearances this season, pulling up at Limerick in December and finishing third, between 37 lengths, behind Killyglen at Down Royal on March 17.
Every single one of those children could have cerebral palsy, blindness or brain damage – just to start with.
Perhaps with a pocket for the tooth and one for the money. (And perhaps one exactly as shown for me, later.)
Blogging has not been my strong suit lately! Looks like I have not made a post in over a month. Sorry!
Today, I praise God for a beautiful family, for healthy children, for my husband who works so hard to provide for us. I praise Him for our incredible church who knows what it means to be the body of Christ here in Charlotte and throughout the world. My blessings are many and my heart is full.
And more naps.
Something is wrong. I need help.
These are scary times, and that is why we are having a special “emergency” session at FreedomFest entitled “Crisis in America: A Call to Action.” We expect another record crowd (over 1,000 have already signed up) and are on our way to selling out. Now, more than ever, your freedoms and hard-earned wealth are in danger.
Long-term ingestion of high doses of sweet clover can cause headache and stupor. In isolated cases, temporary liver damage can result. These side effects disappear when the treatment is halted.
Green freshwater rice Pearls
We like that it's a paint and primer in one, and that it's durable, scrubbable and mildew resistant. For the baseboard and trim, we're planning to use the same colour we've got upstairs (did I mention we already have the paint?) - Sico's Cotton Rag Paper:
#723 - The Fallen Idol (1948) - (#668 on TSPDT) Before taking on My Quest, The Third Man was the only Carol Reed film I had seen. My take on that was that Orson Welles had probably ghost directed much of the film since it seemed to be in his style. Didn't really give poor Mr. Reed much credit, even though, upon finally seeing The Fallen Idol (about time, huh?), he surely deserves it. Now perhaps Welles did give some pointers, especially the scenes involving old Harry Lime, but we can see here (in another adaptation of Graham Greene) that Reed had a filmmaking prowess all his very own. A sly and twisted film that is highlighted by the always wonderful, and always dangerously sly himself, Sir Ralph Richardson in the titular fallen role.
We all know the story by now: bad mortgages, risky bets, regulators who looked the other way. And it plunged our economy into a crisis from which we’re still fighting to recover. This all took place long before I became president, sometime during the middle of Season Two of Mad Men.
Article 75
~John Keats
They are caused by the sun’s magnetic field becoming twisted – and it’s this twisting dynamic that can produce coronal mass ejections.
The Beauty of Holiness will hopefully entice those who read it to want to become more in love with Jesus and to desire to become more like Him. It discusses the concepts of being set apart for God, and sanctification, which is the process of becoming like Him.
The papers are Fancy Pants and I've used Copics to colour. A little glossy accents on his glasses.
I find that I now tire of the same thing in garden design that I used to find dull and problematic when I studied art history and that it's not just illness and broken fingers which has led me to being in the weeds. Instead, what's been holding me back is my inner battle with mimesis.
The whole family are all University of Michigan fans, so after our time at the Law Quad, we headed over to the stadium. It worked out well for a masculine and fun feel for the guys!
He mentioned 5 important questions to ask: “What, how, who, where and when?” He said that the most important was ‘what’. “What is your idea? It is fundamental. The problem a lot of people have is that they cannot define their ideas in plain English. You must be able to describe your idea in a concise and precise manner.
Until then, I'm going to try and get my RK through the Walls of Moria and then on to Carn Dum.
None of the part-time positions would come with vacation benefits or health benefits, though they could come with other benefits to be negotiated after a union is formed.
"Whoops*!" I said.
24 58 03.86 N , 121 11 11.71
OK WHEN DO THE TERRIBLE 3's GO AWAY?? Not that Colin is terrible in any way really, but boy is he a handful. He is a very spirited and willful child who talks and talks and talks and defies, and insists, and negotiates, and talks some more. He is exhausting and wonderful and vibrant. But holy crap did I mention he exhausts me? I really thought we had turned a corner with more sweet moments where he was listening (the biggest obstacle we have faced in the 3's), and then poof: a day comes where he literally wakes up in melt down mode and goes to bed with the same spicy way about him.
In fact that transformation is evident within the remix itself as slowly the vocals fade and become less prominent within the track, giving way instead to the keys and the almost Cut/Copy-esque percussion.
160/- Ale 1116
The point of that loose history is simply to illustrate the time duration of a well formulated religion. Others are even older. The religious needs of future humanity are in some ways fundamentally different from its earlier incarnations. Humans now have a global reach and impact and are now not just users of the environment but are its guardians. Humans are no longer exploiters seeking unlimited growth but are now entering an new era where they are the protectors of nature’s living and non-living things seeking a permanently sustainable balance. That requires a new formulation of humanity’s supernatural reason for existence and that requires a new conception of God and his relationship with the world and its creatures.
This post will be short because there is not very much that the Edmonton Oilers need to do to make their team better. They already have young pieces in place for success in the future, but they do need to complement their awesome talent up front with goaltending.
(3b) Myhome.ie’s county analysis PDF is corrupted so the following is for 4-bed semi detached property. Laois fell by 27% in the quarter and Kerry rose by 2.5%. In the past year Laois has fallen by 34% and Monaghan has risen by 8%.
Regional Life Specialist, Austin, TX
For example, many people who receives a positive DP like huge lottery instead receives misfortune, like had their properties stolen, gossiped by people, and the like. That happens if they cannot “pay” the positive DP they received.
Just so happened that I was reading the book at the same time as a lot of random events were also going made it feel that the name of the book was encompassing the emotions I was feeling at the time.
Miss Daisy brought me my mom, so I could say goodbye. This was entirely too real now. I was terrified. My mother prayed for me and it was really hard to concentrate being that I was having surgery for boobs. It was open heart surgery or anything. Does God support that? My body is a temple and I was about to undergo some remodeling. Surely, he’d be okay with me feeling good about myself.
But to get his position at the feeding trough he first had to wipe his competition off the map, namely Chris Hani, the leader of the SA Communist Party and at the time chief of staff of uMkhonto we Sizwe (MK) the armed terrorist wing of the ANC.
On Wednesday, Romney had five finance events in New York, all packed, raising about $3 million, with more Thursday. Wednesday "was the best day we've had so far," said New York Jets owner Woody Johnson, who accompanied Romney to multiple events.
Half gallon of milk to give you an idea of size….
This may be the last time I ever get carded, so I wanted to record it somehow. I got carded almost every time I bought beer the first five years or so after we moved into our new house. Then it started tapering off. I was carded last May when a bunch of us Social Studies teachers went out for happy hour. I was carded about twice in the Fall. Now this. And that might be it for ever and ever.
Peter Zhang, Grande Valley State University. The Cityscape and Sonicscape of Beijing: A McLuhanian Critique
I came up with a few responses, such as:
3 tablespoons prepared horseradish
8. Wreck of the Old '97
3 recognized
The memorable title track is quite different from the rest of the record, a sexy southern gothic story song about an illicit affair with a married woman. Jerry growls it out, using the lowest part of his vocal register, and giving ist a sense of urgency and impending doom, although the secret is still in the bag as we end the song.
it was yours
“Now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to his power that is at work within us,”
Summer is a time to show some skin, weather your wearing shorts, soaking up the sun in your bikini or wearing your favorite sandals, either way you don't want to have dry, flaky skin. I discovered a way to feel confident and have great sMOOth skin for the Summer, with Udderly Smooth!!
Portland, Oregon for 5 days, Salt Lake City for
Alas, my answers are always the same. To me, they are a bit boring. What I want to hear about is the places I’ve never heard of.
Less litigation, more collaboration.
Wives... tell your husbands (you know - the ones not reading this blog) to leave your sons something they can be proud of.
Just love and give all of yourself, I say…
5. Loosely cover and let rise for about 45 minutes
The authors added, “very small amounts of punctuate-stamped pottery occur in parts of East Malaysia (Sabah) and eastern Indonesia, again in association with red slipped surfaces. But the available illustrated motifs are very small and difficult to relate precisely to any on Luzon or the Marianas.”
Perhaps the most appalling – and unchallenged – fallacy promoted by the big-government supermajority, primarily through their spokespersons in the public sector unions, is that the super-rich are “trying to destroy the middle-class by pitting the private sector workers against the public sector workers.” Nothing could be further from the truth.
The first elimination episode airs tonight. Two members from each team will be going home. I think my picks for the ones who have to leave would be Jermaine and Jordis from Team Blake (I know, I know, I just saved Charlotte…who am I?!) and Lindsey and Sera from Team Christina.
My mother, Betty Tisdale, adopted me when I was 4 years old in 1970, along with my sister, Mai Lara, 6 months old. We came from an orphanage called An Lac in Saigon, Vietnam. My mother met my adopted father, Dr. Patrick Tisdale, in 1969 at the orphanage. My father already had five sons of his own from his first marriage. Four sons who were biological and one son adopted from Hawaii.
I'll also say everyone is so concerned about the media and the size zero debate and promoting public health. What about the media and race/ethnicity? For the whole size zero thing, I say it's all those exercise advertisements and slim down tips that get me. I see those, and find myself planning an exercise regimen and a diet in a way those ads with photoshopped models don't. Really, what the models promote is more disatisfaction with other areas of my looks such as skin and hair. I've mentioned before on this blog that I used to do everything I could to straighten my curls away. Why? Because there was never anything for curly girls. It was all about the straight hair. And of course dolls, those things girls look to so much in their childhood, all had hair quite unlike mine, despite my mother's best efforts to secure me only black dolls.
Canon G7 VS the Canon G6 Digital Camera Comparison and Review
There was a large tarp covering a mound of dirt, dug from a rather large hole. A backhoe was not far off. They had erected a tent in case it rained and brought out two sets of four chairs. I had expected to stand while a few guys dug a hole in the ground next to my dad’s grave, put put the box of ashes in the ground, cover it up and place the tablet.
10. Eric Dolphy Memorial Barbecue (7:59)
“Claims to secure good fortune, contact the dead or heal through the laying on of hands are all services that will have to carry disclaimers.” lawyers other than Harbottle & Lewis, who offered quotes to Frances Gibb in the article, said today.
America is waking up and realizing it is not a dream but a nightmare -- and a LIVING nightmare at that!
For any further information please refer to the official website of the conference.
Sometimes life hits you so far below the belt, you wonder if you can stand.
The article furthermore reveals that ‘Valtari’ was recorded at Mosfellsbær’s Sundlaugin Studios and is produced by the band along with Jónsi’s partner Alex Somers.
There's a reason this $12 million film earned less that $17 million after all was said and done. We were promised right there on the poster itself that battleship was trapped outside the boundaries of time and space... halfway through we expect to see THE MOST epic war movie of all time. And what do we get? Half-hearted debates that cave on themselves. This film had everything it needed, but it didn't use any of it half as well as it should have.
I was determined to run in London. Despite a knee that started to act up during the day, as though in anticipation, I managed 6k around Hyde Park / Kensington Gardens. I really struggled and probably shouldn’t have run at all. I’ve got very blazé about doing proper warm-ups so I really felt like a crock on Friday. DH had great fun teasing me that I was taking turning 41 very hard indeed. Even though I felt better on Saturday I decided not to try running again.
The room was so calm and still as he spoke, his voice so measured and soothing I actually felt myself nodding out from time to time. God, I hope he doesn’t catch me falling asleep, but….his voice echoed in my ears as I felt myself slipping away.
Dissolve gelatin in cold water. Take rest of the ingredients in a small sauce pan and cook just until the sugar has dissolved. Remove from heat, allow to cool for a while and stir in the dissolved gelatin. Allow to cool completely.
Now whether it’s any good or not is a different story.
The novel is divided into three books, which are each characterized by distinctive plot developments and themes.
and they're always glad you came.
The marinara was good quality store-bought.
Have I grown so comfortable by surrounding myself with feel good easy moments that I do not take risks anymore?
This is an American production and was made principally along the coast of southern California. Florence Seidell, said to be the only woman in the world flying a hydro-aeroplane, is the star, and she certainly demonstrates that she has the nerve to accomplish wonderful feats, in driving an automobile at full speed and manipulating a hydro-aeroplane both on the water and in the air. the gentleman in the case, Richard Garrick, as Tom Hendricks, the villainous villain, and Jack Conway as Dick, clearly show that they are not afraid to take chances in the portrayal of their roles. This picture-play involves all of the elements in its plot -- air, land and water. Miss Seidell makes an actual fall, accidentally, of three hundred feet from her aeroplane while racing with a motor boat, which was recorded by the camera. There is a highly interesting romance incorporated in this picture, full of light and shade; told in exquisite photography and intense action. One can exult with the lovers and sneer at the villain, who exerts every effort to foil the hero, but of course he fails.
The Orphan Nutrition Project
Week ONE- Trend Watch
He was also honored in 2008 with the Federico Garcia Lorca International Poetry Prize.
Serve warm.
Before we started I described the run portion as slightly faster than conversational pace that can be maintained throughout all six cycles. When we started our first run cycle, everyone fell into a pace they felt comfortable with and I was fortunate that I was running a similar pace with Suzanne, one of our boot campers and GBI runners. I find it helps if you can find someone who has a similar pace as it aids in maintaining consistency and motivation throughout. On the first cycle Suzanne and I ran about a lap and a half so this is what we tried to maintain or improve each cycle.
But experts said the interest rate should decline when the CPI calms down.
You knew it was only a matter of time before the onslaught of pumpkin recipes began, right?
It's not very easy to fall off the wagon and land on the horse, but I seem to have an inate ability at doing just that. In fact, I've even become quite good at it.
Take it from Quentin Tarantino to take what is essentially a simple, and pretty standard revenge story and give it the style that harks back to the good old days of 70′s kung-fu action movies, spiced up with many other random styles that Quentin just feels like throwing in there.
I have been playing around in my art journal some more this week--as well as working on my transfers. I wanted to try to doing a double transfer--with layering two images on top of each other. I decided to work on a vintage game card from the game "Sorry." I liked the fact that the card was coated so I didn't have to lay down a pre-coat of gel medium.
"Don't just copy Caleb, sweetie, tell me what you really want."
Hollywood, CA 90028
Mumia Abu Jamal is an American writer and journalist whose prison case
Rogue Somer Orange Honey Ale - Brewed with Wildflower honey and coriander, this beer would be like liquid manna for Jesus H. Christ. Really though. Exodus 16:31 says "Now the house of Israel called its name manna; it was like coriander seed, white, and the taste of it was like wafers made with honey." And at 5% ABV, he could knock back quite a bit of this refreshing wheat beer over the course of the day without feeling too sinful.
I'm back this morning with more sneak peeks from the lovely Reddy Decoupoage that will be on create and craft with the lovely Louisa. Remember the show times are 9am,2pm,and 6pm. I just love these Decoupoage sheets there's an image for everyone.
Guinsoo: People have been complaining about Shaco’s ganks.
John Garrett Slaby made the cover art for The Last Thing You Forget. He's a friend of ours, and an artist from Philadelphia. I think he's making the artwork for the full length as well.
for in you there’s sparkle change the mood
BUT… She started sneaking him back into the suite. It lasted for a few days, but she stopped again when my friend/roommate Sarah’s boss gave the Housing Dept a heads up that he was back.
1 dark
There have been a few nights where I have found myself gripping onto his hand was we wonder down ally ways towards whats known as "hawker" food establishments. Basically they are eating houses bigger than your average street food stand and usually characterised by plastic chairs, tables and open air dining. There have been some that we have visited where I have bathed my knife and fork in hand sanitiser, and not let my lips touch the drinking vessel... to my husbands credit though, those have been the places with the most tastiest food!
That burgeoning sensation
David Brin—for his Uplift novels and Kiln People
But I'm not here to talk about phone providers, I'm here to talk about electricity providers. See, with the change in phone provider came two calls from telemarketers. The second was from the Fraternal Order of Police, and since I like living dangerously I sent him packing with a flea in his ear.
Saturday Review cover story - November 27, 1971.
And when that happens, my daughter has a tendency to sleep-walk.
I'm all done my shopping, got all of my decorations up on the first weekend of December, been cleaning my house to hip hop music, and wrapping presents to my usual 'traditional' reggae music ( cuz Christmas music is just too freaking sad, that's why!) so I guess I'm as ready as I'm going to be for Christmas.
The billboard was quickly replaced with an ad for the Harrisburg Symphony Orchestra.
Wishing you all a very happy and healthy 2011.
Lastly, we went to the Reproductive Endocrinologist to discuss our next steps after my HSG test. I expected to talk about starting Clomid or other fertility drugs to chemically enhance our chances of pregnancy by making me produce more eggs. Unfortunately, that wasn’t the result at all and instead we were told that since there’s actually no dysfunction with my ovulation cycles, that he will not prescribe any medication to add on to our method. The RE said that he would not use drugs to help us boost our results unless we were doing IUI (Intrauterine Insemination) or IVF (In Vitro Fertilization) under his care. Then he basically recommended that we move on to one of those methods and stop trying at home on our own. If we didn’t change our plan there was nothing more he could do for us.
Welcome Caller, This is Chloe by Shelley Coriell was, surprisingly, an incredibly emotional read. I hadn't expected it to pull me in so quickly and cause me to cry. Chloe Camden was an exceptionally identifiable character. She was realistic in her actions and emotions, something I loved about her, but her odd and unwelcome ignorance, at times, failed to impress me. As I mentioned earlier on, Chloe was a character with a big heart, but she often came across as unknowing and unaware of how the people around her felt. She certainly lived in her own universe, but I was glad to see that Chloe grew quite a bit throughout the novel.
Angels: John Orton; White Sox: Ozzie Guillen; Royals: Jose Lind; Twins: Brian Harper, A's: Mike Bordick; Mariners: Lance Parrish; Rangers: Juan Gonzalez
13. Tonight
So at the end of the day, score one for taking the piece of red clay that's for some reason important to Dick. But lose a point because now they're worried Bobby is going down a Bad Path. So there's probably carnage and sorrow to come, but at least I got one great episode that made me laugh and had Dean making a Veronica Mars reference. Did this episode make you guys happy, too, or was I alone in my geek gushing?
I thought about you a lot on my travels, you know. Wondering what you were all doing and whether you would like me to bring you back a souvenir .. that kind of thing. So I decided to bring back a token from each of the three cities I visited.
60. What if this young woman, who writes such bad poems, in competition with her husband, whose poems are equally bad, should stretch her remarkably long and well-made legs out before you, so that her skirt slips up to the tops of her stockings? —Gilbert Sorrentino, Imaginative Qualities of Actual Things (1971)
Row 1- 6sc in 2nd ch from hook. (6) mark 1st sc
All other issues are not good talking points, so I will leave my positions on those up to whatever would benefit my campaign most. I do have “fantastic” in the title for a reason.
The hairy diadems which on you do grow.
I asked him if he knew her. … Had known her.
I can't belive it Thursday already! I feel like I just did this link up like yesterday! I'm linking up with Neely with A Complete Waste of Makeup for It's OK Thursday!
Monday was Sant Jordi and Book Day here in the Catalunya region of Spain. This is kind of like the Spanish version of Valentine’s Day (which they don’t do here). All the men give women a red rose. It is a bit cheaper here than in North America, because the men get away with only giving 1 red rose, not a dozen. And women give their man a book. Why, you may ask?
Adams 1-month supply of Flea & Tick Spot On with Smart Shield Applicator $1/1
The old president died.
The girls and I did not stay for the morning tea in the staff room - although I was still dry-eyed at this point I wasn't sure how long it would last! Phoebalina and the Mouse both fell asleep in the car on the way home...long enough for me to flick through songs on the radio. Big mistake. If you listen to the lyrics of The Police's "Every Breath You Take" and apply it to leaving your first-born at school for the first time, you'll understand why I cried! Bloody Sting.
7. What do you take the most photos of?
And it's her blogoversary!!!! (I'm so jealous! I want one so bad! I can't wait for mine :D)
There you have it! Don't you think a geometric kite is very similar to the kites we use to fly as a kids? Well, maybe you didn't, but I do remember observing Ben Franklin flying one! Anyway, as usual, the wind is blowing strong here in Kansas, so I think I will go fly that kite!
used by another package:
Dr. Evil: I have an even better idea. I'm going to place him in an easily escapable situation involving an overly elaborate and exotic death and just assume it all goes to plan.And it's all fun and games until the pilot inadvertently has selected the wrong flight mode and really really really needs the engines spooling up to 110% rated power to miss the ridge top, and the FMS overrules him to keep everything within tolerance.
But luckily I am pretty good at dreaming up things to do, or re-do. Our next-door neighbor got a new job and moved to Waco, and as part of their move they gave us their smoker. We already have a gas grill, but the smoker allows me to cook items over charcoal and throw in some wood smoke to boot. We’ve cooked ribs, turkey, and chicken so far. The problem is, we don’t really have a place for it. Because it uses charcoal for fuel, it is not a good idea to put it on the deck or near the wood siding of the house. We have a large area near our rain tank, but the ground is covered in bark mulch. It is a disaster waiting to happen. The solution is for me to install a flagstone patio. Ah, a project. And it requires digging. Even better. Suddenly I spring back to life after a languid summer of hiding from the heat inside the house.
And he forgot to answer her prayer and skipped her by accident.
I guess you have to use larger denominations.
As an active user of Pinterest, I thought it is nothing more than a tool to organize images, which should be gender neutral. However, demographic data shows in 2012, 83% of the US users were women. I was surprised at first but suddenly thought of all those wedding dresses, jewelries I saw during my daily update. And here’s my closer look.
Until, of course, they create an app that actually does the cooking for you. And the washing up.
There’s this candlelight tour through historic homes in our area, and we’ve used the opportunity to attend to some home maintenance we’d been meaning to get to. I’ve also been reading ships logs from 1722. I’ve been working on this book for many years set in the first half of the 18th century, and the plan was to have a chapter about that done and excerpted in the Paris Review by the end of the year, but the plan is shrinking.
- a boy and a girl. Sleeping on the couch so that
Men are found to be more predisposed to developing higher levels of cholesterol in blood than women. This fact is because the hormones in women tend to boost the HDL cholesterol levels in blood. However, levels of HDL cholesterol decreases in women after they have menopause. Taking estrogen after menopause helps women to keep their cholesterol levels in check.
I am reasonably well enough now to recap the vacation...though I am at present not allowed to not take any of my meds for THREE WHOLE DAYS whilst I wait for this inner ear test that I'm going to have on Wednesday.
I just got an email with the subject line "Hey Terri." I think the only places I've used the name "Terri" were on my old today.com blogs and on my own LOST blog.
The one word that stirred them into the more anger was “Gentiles” as we read it in verse 21. They took much pride in their religion for, of a truth, they were God’s chosen people. According to the promise given to Abraham, the law given to Moses and yes, even the words of Jesus Christ (if they allowed it) allowed for Gentile conversion only through the Jews. With what Paul said in verse 21, the Jews took great offence.
5. You’d want someone of a high ethical caliber, someone who was fair, just, and compassionate, someone who lived the basics of Scientology such as the ARC Triangle and the Communication Formula. You’d want someone high on the Tone Scale and Chart of Human Evaluation.
(Chicago)
At 29, Kim Sam-Soon‘s career and love life has hit a dead-end. She is overweight, unmarried, saddled with an embarrassingly old-fashioned name, and has just lost her job. On Christmas Eve, she catches her boyfriend of three years cheating on her, and promptly breaks up with him. Something has got to give. Enter Hyun Jin-Heon (Hyun Bin), the arrogant 27-year old owner of a restaurant called Bon Appetit, who hires her to put her French-pastry-chef skills to work as the restaurant’s chief baker. Stubborn and opinionated, the two individuals rapidly go head to head, fighting over cooking styles and almost everything else under the sun, but in the midst of all the arguments and ingredients flying around, something warmer starts simmering. When Jin-Heon gets pressured by his family to get married and Sam-Soon needs 50 million won to redeem her mother’s house from debt, Jin-Heon decides to hire her to act as his girlfriend, and the two sign a dating contract. Things get complicated however when Jin-Heon’s ex-girlfriend returns from the U.S. with her sights set on getting him back, and when Sam-Soon’s ex-boyfriend and a new admirer appear in her life.
In recent years there has been an attempt by the Labour Party and the Tory Party to find new ways of attracting old voters. Labour and the Tories see the need to attract those who vote for the other party, which has resulted in Red Tory and Blue Labour. For the Lib Dems, we have to ask where this leaves us, and where the opportunities for electoral success for the Lib Dems are.
First, let's hear from Julia:
The Lord is my shepherd…
So, I wrote about Chicken Tortilla Soup the other day. I also told you that one of the reason I made that chicken tortilla soup was because I made roasted lemon chicken the night before and it came out pretty tough and was trying find a way to reuse this tough chicken.
1. Jeter goes to work with us every day. He seems pretty confident that the only reason that people come into our office is to see him.
***UPDATE 19:10*** Y Net News has updated the story - the stabbed woman appears to be an Israeli tour guide. Her friend is still missing, and police are looking into the possibility that she has been kidnapped:
antiquity set in an ideal landscape; as in Richatd Wilson’s painting of about 1754, Landscape Capriccio on the Via Aemilia, with the Temple of the Sybil at Tivoli and the Broken Bridge at Narni
Where is home?
Using a thick slice of lemon, coat the entire inside of a champagne flute with juice, as well as the outer lip 1/2 to 1 inch. Pour in sugar, creating a thin coating. Place glass in the freezer for a half hour. In a mixing glass, combine cognac, kummel and bitters with ice and stir. Strain liquid into the sugar-coated flute and top with champagne.
MCALMONT AND NYMAN – UNDERNEATH THE HESSIAN BAGS
I and my two oldest brothers grieved and had our suspicions and I personally waited and looked for him for many months, just knowing without doubt he would return any day; he'd just wandered off and couldn't find his way home but he would soon, I felt sure. We even suspicioned Old Man Stanton had killed him and threw him into their outside toilet; once sneaking up and looking into the cesspit. No Curly there. He never did return though and the loss is actually still with me, sunk deeply into the core of my psyche.
Intuit gave Inner Circle members special perks, including front-of-the-line support privileges through a special 1-800 number assigned just to them. The result of the developing relationship between Intuit and its community was a passionate group of evangelists who were willing to go above and beyond on behalf of TurboTax and Intuit.
Now, the only thing that counts are stories that reflect the seismic changes the industry has been going through. In Steinberg's piece, Joanne Lipman -- the former Conde Nast Portfolio editor, who also launched the Journal's ad column -- notes that now ad news is about companies like Google and Facebook, which are covered by mainstream business reporters. Those two companies, along with all of the other technology plays that surround them -- ranging from streaming video to mobile to the iPad, have transformed the way the industry is covered.
-My family (and I mean my whole immediate family and at least half of my extended family) all lives around the Seattle area either in the city itself or in the various suburbs dotting the map around the epicenter.
My kids would have just been a little late and said "We're late, because there was this guy in a costume with a hurdy gurdy," and I would have said "I TOTALLY UNDERSTAND!"
When I did the skin tones, I used the same V00 for the darker shadows. I also used the purples along with the toner grays for the hair. Most of the time people couple the cool grays with the purples, but I wanted a sharp contrast and I like the way the toner changes with different color applications. I used toner, green and orange for her boots. Her she is all finished:
Judge # 1 -- Meaty, strong chili. Cayenne peppers freshly ground, adding considerable kick. Very impressive.
I'll admit that when I started this whole process, I wanted a top agent. Someone who had some big deals under their belt and could potentially sell my book to the highest possible bidder. I mean, what writer doesn't have that fantasy? But I've come to learn that a sweet book deal should be the cherry on top, rather than the entire bowl of a delicious brownie sundae.
I've been fortunate to sample a couple of Beltane's beers in the past, which I thought were great examples of the Belgian-style brewing. Can't wait to check the new place out.
While many of their people lived within their city, quite of few did not like it’s confines or the reminder of their journey to this planet. They stayed on the surface (as the ship had sunk deep into the ground, causing much of The Exodar to be beneath the land), either in the other towns that the Draenei had built, on the outskirts of the city, in the countryside of the islands they now called their home. Some even moved to other cities of their Allies: the peaceful and beautiful city of Darnassas, built in the boughs of a great tree (a world tree, she had learned. It was very fascinating that a larger tree used to exist, until the Burning Legion came, and the significance of such a tree to the planet. The Night Elves’ history was nearly as long as their people’s own history, and just as tragic); Stormwind, the human’s city of white stone and blue roofs, full of winding and twisting streets and bridges over watery canals; Ironforge, the impenetrable fortress of the Dwarves and Gnomes, built into the heart of a mountain with molten fires of the earth that burned night and day.
One of the most evil things the judiciary has done is to turn once pleasant Britain into a world centre for terrorists. They use Britain as a base to attack other countries from. Human Rights laws prohibit torture or degrading treatment so they stopped removing illegal immigrants, even suspected terrorists, to countries where judges thought or pretended such treatment was practised. In 2008 at least two terrorists were released early from prison!
He maketh me to lie down in green pastures: He leadeth me beside the still waters.
With Hardwicke trailblazing modernised fairytales for teen horror audiences, it is safe to assume that more will soon follow suit – think of what Twilight did for romanticising vampires and making them appealing to maudlin teenagers. Love it or loathe it, its influence on popular culture is undeniable. Fans of Twilight no doubt flocked to Hardwicke’s latest offering.
Justice League Dark #7
LESSON 3. Talking about passion fruit – if you want to grow the vines, all you have to do is buy the fruit at the market or even Tesco recently (buah markisa – hooray, I can count from 1 to 5 in Malay and I know the word for passionfruit), and then save some of the seeds. Just have them dry on a dish. If you wish you can rinse them with water to remove the clingy pulpy stuff (sorry, technical language). While at Tesco, or an organic shop, buy mung beans – other legumes that can sprout may also work for you. Then put a seed or two in tiny pots, along with a couple of mung beans. The mung beans will increase the success rate of germination from about 15% to about 90%. Once they have grown enough, repot, and repot until in a pot of at least 12″ diameter. Full Malaysian sun seems to be OK once they are 9″ high or so. This is where I am up to now. More info as I observe it.
These paintings were made in collaboration with Ember Peace my 1 and a half year old daughter.
Phreak: Okay… Reported for not communicating with the team. He was playing Eve.
HR at this point looked like a deer in the head lights.
Ethan: Maybe.
4. According to recent data by the Department of Education, African American students are arrested far more often than their white classmates. The data showed that 96,000 students were arrested and 242,000 referred to law enforcement by schools during the 2009-10 school year. Of those students, black and Hispanic students made up more than 70 percent of arrested or referred students. Harsh school punishments, from suspensions to arrests, have led to high numbers of youth of color coming into contact with the juvenile-justice system and at an earlier age.
Whatcha think? Feedback appreciated!
If you are looking to make some enhancements to your Maryland home and need funding you should visit the Be SMART Home website. I hope this helps you or someone you know. ta-ta ….. La Tonya
I have bought a few smalls but will share those when I share my quilts, next post. I also had to do a bit of changing. I have always had something under the window in the kitchen. When I wanted to raise the window, I would have to stretch and make all kinds of moves.lol Last week it hit me. DUH! What do you think? The first is before, the second after.
The rings were slippery I was one ring away from the end and stuck I couldn’t reach the last ring my shoulder was hurting so I went to two hands on one ring and yet again the water was cold lol
1 incubi
-Dip half of each pretzel in the chocolate, then dip it again into the chopped pecans.
are Grace Paley's 'A Conversation With My Father' and 'The Universal Story' by Ali Smith: click the recommendations link on the home page to see choices of a host of others.
6/1 Austin, TX - The Parish
Cynthia, winner of a lifetime discount from PB Stamps, please mail me brenda@ibas.co.uk with your e.mail addy.
I am a So-Cal girl who loves easy, light, classic spring/summer clothes.
TEL: 021-7279-5853
“Who am I? I am a product of my generation, family, culture, and experiences. The person you see before you is not a perfect work nor will I ever be. I have fallen, been discarded, abandoned, and left alone. Each time, I get back up and move on. You want to know me? I am faulty, broken, and weathered. Does this bother me? I would be lying if I said no but such is life. I live, I learn, and I search. Search for what I believe is right and what is me in this ever expanding and shrinking world. During this process I hope to find someone who I can call my best friend, partner, wife. A person that will be my support, my influence, my passion. To stand beside me as my equal. I search not for that elusive Perfect Love, but the Love that is Perfect for me. Who am I? I.Am.Me.”
I've decided to join in with Jude Hill's Magic Feather Project (see link in side bar).... if you visit her blog you'll see she's kindly giving free tutorials and lots of information regarding the project.
In appreciation of her work with the USO during World War II and subsequent wars, special consideration was given to bury her in Arlington National Cemetery upon her death, however, at her request, she was ultimately buried with full military honors in Fort Bragg, North Carolina. Martha is the only woman buried in the SF (Special Forces) cemetery at Ft. Bragg. Martha Raye was a full Colonel in the US Army Reserve and a Nurse, with a surgical specialty.
at a spouse or colleague - especially when you don't feel like it. As the smile is returned it can transform your mood.
JustAName
Hoppin' Frog Brewery Frog's Hollow Double Pumpkin Ale
All White countries and only White countries always need to be more diverse. White countries only stop needing to be more diverse when there are no White people left in them.
That little wooden bird with the bling. He stole my heart!
Anywho, the real reason I'm here isn't to tell you about the weather! It's to show you my DT card for this weeks new Charisma challenge!
Militants opened fire on cattle traders who frustrated their bid to steal cows
Wash, stem and dry watercress, place in serving bowl.
So tomorrow - renewed vigour. I have a dog - she shall be walked. I have sons - soccer will be played. I have an exercise bike - IT SHALL BE RIDDEN!
Here I am again, a week later and trying to catch up on my 31 days blog posting. I have to admit, this has been quite freeing for me. A year ago, I would have stressed about not having the posts pop up each day, on time, at about 8am. I would have begun to think irrational thoughts about being "kicked out" of the 31 days club...well, I admit, I did think that, but it was just a fleeting moment. You don't get kicked out of blogland for not writing a post....
So, what then was he doing here? And he’d been active in the last 24 hours!
A (now ex-) colleague said I've got balls the size of breasts when he heard my decision to leave. (The opposite would be more accurate.)
i am very lucky to have a great Mr Hubby
For real.
-A series in which I watch, explore and discuss every Jean-Pierre Melville directed film.
someday, Della might actually sleep in the bed. It is adorable, by the way, the Kritter bed .. two little wide eyed sheep on the headboard. Simple, low, short, small, cheap, but not cheaply made. VERY comfortable (my new napping place?) and looks great. The cat likes it too.
Just like the puranas, the bible was also passed down via oral tradition initially.
Dates: Jun 11-Aug 17; Age/Grade Range: 1st-10th grades
The Heart Will Go On
Meanwhile, life goes on. It's town meeting season around here--ours is in a couple of weeks--and last week I got to cover Deer Isle's for The Ellsworth American. It was an uneventful year with nothing astounding on the warrant and the budget about the same. I loved it, though--even the most stultifying town meeting has that moment "when democracy sat up and looked around," as E.B. White wrote about a Brooklin town meeting years ago.
We had our Ward Christmas Party last weekend, and I participated in a little performance called "The Twelve Pains of Christmas." We live in the Internet Age and it showed up on the Web this morning, so I thought I'd share it with you!
Congratulations on your newly organized closet Shannon, I am sure you will find pleasure and comfort each time you open that door this winter! And THANK YOU for sharing your story!
We’re hearing a lot about displaced families struggling to find schools for their kids and talking about how that will give their kids a sense of normalcy. I am so grateful that isn’t us! My kids get their sense of normalcy from being with their family (with an added boost from a trip to the local mall ;-)), and we are able to see that – far from being a time when learning stops – difficult times provide the kind of learning that will last a lifetime.
Stamps - Wow, I have never used so many stamps on one project! Working from back layer to front layer:
I confess that Raggedy Ann doll reference might seem odd. It is.
I understand that Arrowcroft's Solicitors (Berwin Leighton Paisner) are sending out to various parties another document, attempting to bolster Arrowcroft's case for the arena, which they intend to submit to the Secretary of State.
Bethesda-Chevy Chase 17, Wheaton 7
Meet Karou. She fills her sketchbooks with monsters that may or may not be real; she's prone to disappearing on mysterious "errands"; she speaks many languages - not all of them human; and her bright blue hair actually grows out of her head that color. Who is she? That is the question that haunts her, and she's about to find out.
But it hasn't all been about the hard work, in fact it's been quite eventful. Just the other week the bad ass Jeff Pickthall took his bad, invincible beer blogging CAMRA bashing ass to visit our crib. Here he got free samples of our Red Rye Riwaka beer and he himself said it was the dogs bollocks. There you have it, straight from the horses mouth. Then just the other day saw a visit from (long time no see) Daleside breweries (often tired at laybys) number one dray man Dave Pritchard, who picked up a cask of Red Rye Riwaka for a beer festival down his neck of the woods.
However, John Gribbin piles on the conceptual anguish as he theorises that our universe may be just one of many, numbering much more than a mere 1,000 billion. The figure he comes up with is an estimated 1 with 500 noughts after it.
My grandson knows a good thing when he sees one.
Sorry, it’s not apple – no shortcuts there. But how ’bout Key Lime ! Back when I was still gainfully employed, I found myself in an office full of amateur chef’s - we were always bringing in recipes or samples to share. Now that I’m not working, I’ve been going through all of these and putting them on computer. I came across this one with the hand-written notation “crazy easy & good” ….I looked at the recipe and thought “yeh, right.” But I do love lime. And raspberry, and cinnamon….Mmmm, sorry. Anyway, I whipped it up and it really is crazy easy & good !
I drive away slowly, not really thinking about where I'm going, along streets that were once familiar. It's only five minutes from the street we once lived in. Five minutes, more than twenty years.
I have to literally will myself out of feeling sorry, back to acknowledging my anger, and finally, take some sort of action in order to resolve the situation.
For visitors to the store we are still running 20% off selected lines and there are now additional sale tables with even more bargains as we are still Spring Cleaning our Prep and Store rooms. Unfortunately as some of these items have been used, it makes it impossible to sell them "sight unseen" via Mail Order. But we will be adding to the Website more bargains
Listening to the silence of the day that calls you to release yourself to it.
I went back out and told my trainer what had happened and what I had found. She immediately told me to discontinue the bellboots and make him stride out better.
One of my clients text messaged me over the weekend, to ask some advice on painting a frame that she bought from a thrift store. She said she didn't like the colors of the frame in its current state, but it was a great deal that she didn't want to pass up. I told her what I thought she should do (spray prime it, then use spraypaint, since it's metal), and she did it, and sent me pics. I wanted to share here, because I thought they turned out so cute!
Fang gained international notoriety when the Chinese government barred him from attending a Texas-style barbecue hosted by US president George H.W. Bush at a Beijing hotel in February 1989.
A new car. Well, not new but pre-owned, as in used. It's time for me to face facts - my truck eats far too much gasoline. I drop close to eighty dollars a week between my drive to Little Bit's school and my business.
A little while ago the lovely Charlotte from A Cottage in Totteridge very kindly mentioned me for an award on her blog. Now as regular readers of my blog will know, I’m unable to accept awards. I simply don’t have the time to give enough thought into passing them on, but thank you Charlotte for thinking of me. Charlotte's blog is a delightful on-line diary following the transformation of her period house into the perfect ‘country-in-the-city’ cottage. If you haven’t already discovered her blog why not pop over and say hello - you will be hooked!
Trappiste Rochefort
The tiger ate a second person, and it was bizarre(r) because he lacked a premeditated vendetta. Which we’ve learned that he is very good at developing. This is also the occasion of the mattress, another mind-blowing event. A gorgeous mental image too. Can you imagine a Siberian tiger dragging a mattress across a frozen river to drop it under a tree and lounge on it? “If I’m going to wait here in the freezing cold for hours to ambush the next person to come by, I might as well be comfy.” What a dream.
HOW DID THAT HAPPEN
Now you all know that whether your children behave as angels or not, a meal spent with humans under a certain age is just harried and chaotic. You’re perusing the menu not only for yourself but for them, you’re passing out crayons and peg games, you’re removing everything from their little hand’s reach including sharp utensils, the salt and pepper and the container of sugar packets, and you’re trying to think for five seconds while they are demanding to be seen and heard. My children were behaving quite nicely (i.e. not laying in the floor…yet), but my hands, arms and brain were all flying, in mostly different directions. All while trying to doctor up my first cup of coffee just perfectly before it got cold.
Off with your hose and shoes ; then softly tread
blinding them both
my thighs,
He contracted pneumonia there and was returned home, to New York, to die. The State of New York's Department of Health records his death on April 2, 1924. Nathan was 40 years old.
Yarn: New Lanark
Pynchon, chum of chance?
Aside from all this it is a good way to learn how to count. Post-haemorrhage my counting consist of 1, 2, many.
Thank You from thank you set
Here’s the breakdown :
Mum: So, what do we do with it?!!
There is no absolute stillness in death. Even the dead yield their substance in the stories of who they were, in the love bestowed, in the bone-memories of those they touch.
James Garner (Murphy's Romance)
Mark 14:65, Matthew 26:67… Jesus was buffeted… People spit on Jesus and blocked His face by shoving their hands into His face.
For Birthday Week, several of my awesome readers are sponsoring giveaways here on My Frugal Family! Today's giveaway comes from Brittany at Love Stitched. For this giveaway, Brittany is letting the winner choose from one of the following crafty prizes:
So on a Saturday morning, instead of enjoying a lie in or nursing a hangover from the night before, Kat and I found ourselves arriving at the venue to find a random collection of people young, old, in fancy dress, sports gear, normal clothes all ready to take part in the hop. We were all given t-shirts and waited for the arrival of Michael Palin and Terry Jones. It’s kind of strange to see a person you’ve admired for a long time, often they don’t meet your expectations and you come away disappointed however the former Pythons were amusing and friendly in front of the crowd of about 100 people.
“If construction plans are followed… hardly any the species of fish found in the river will be able to survive.” That’s because reservoirs storing water along the way alter “the flow pattern, velocity, and temperature of the river. Fish can not adapt.” Fan is chief engineer at the Sichuan Bureau of Geology and Mineral Exploration. Fan was the first geologist to suspect that Sichuan’s Wenchuan earthquake (the massive 7.9 earthquake of May 2008 that killed almost 70,000 people) was linked with to dam-building and reservoirs, particularly the Zipingpu hydroelectric station. It’s not hydropower that’s unacceptable, he says, but this pattern of over-development.
Three Icelandic labels do not release 13 Albums before Christmas: Sena 7 albums, Smekkleysa 4 albums & 12 Tonar 2 albums.
Even the smaller kit companies usually offer a bespoke service as well. In this case, you can work with the company’s architect or draughtsman to draw up a unique design but based around the firm’s construction methods. For a large range of recommended companies, take a look at our kit homes section.
In the picture above, to Choudary's left you can see Ishtiaq Alamgir, who was last week revealed to be living on the hospitality of the British taxpayer despite spending all his time handing out extremist literature denouncing our society. At the conference, he said:
Beer - it's not just for breakfast anymore
This weekend I snuck in to check on the kidlet. He had a rough night the night before and I was anxious and desperate for sleep. Please, for the love of all things holy kid, sleep! Using my trusty iPhone as a flashlight I peered in at the crib. (oh you know you do it too, don't even pretend) when he stirred, rubbing the cutest little fist every over his eyes. I froze. No...
times. But 40 some years later, of all the ugliness of war, the hardest
08. Rock'n Rocked Rock 12:21 Jun Fukamachi
To your question: “Have you ever received specific information about how the Draco-Hydra reptilians influenced/worked with those of the “dark agenda” groups (Cabal, Illuminati, Powers that Be, Masons, etc.) here on Earth?
♥ skirts
Karl Kraus
Luftig Building
So the New Year is in full swing and now it is time for me to get my act together. With the New Year came a new revelation for me. I can only do what I can do. SuperMom 24/7 is not always possible. Especially since my time shriveled down to what I could get done between 4 a.m and 5 a.m in the morning, while being quiet in the house, a near impossible task. So I have had to prioritize what is important for me right now in life. Obviously first and foremost is God and my Family. Quality time spent praying and listening to what God is offering me right now. Quality time with Dan and the kids, and the dogs, doing activities that bring them joy. Educating Abby is so much fun right now, the teacher in me loves learning new things right along side of her. If those three things are in place I know everything I need will fall into line after. My ETSY store also brings me joy, creating custom soaps for people, even though fitting them into homeschooling all day and daily chores around the house at times seems impossible. What keeps me going in my business ventures, are the compliments from my wonderful customers when they receive their box in the mail, and the encouraging words my family gives me.
There have been some hard days in this ministry we have been given. Challenges many times not from the ministry itself, but from other Christians who don't understand.
When Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe murders his political opponents, ignores unfavorable court decisions, terrorizes the population and siphons off millions from the state treasury for himself and his friend, South Africa's new President Thabo Mbeki holds his hand and declares his support. That just happened a few weeks ago.
May your champagne saucer always be brimming,your cakes always rise and your teacup never go unfilled.
There was a time when you had to hide your ancestral identity if you had anything other than European roots. Persons with any other genetic heritage were considered in some degree of lesser status than the “majority” of the population. Therefore families like mine had to hide their roots, whitewashing them with stories of origin that were nothing but fiction. Because of the intense scrutiny they were under, many took the secrets of their family’s origin to their grave. Documents were destroyed, and history was forgotten. It was a way to survive.
I can get the traffic source for visits to my blog. I’m sure you can do the same. Check yours, as I just paid a visit to your latest rant concerning your latest last attack of paranoia. No, I didn’t bother reading it. I’m not interested in adding any more lunacy to my existance, but I just wanted to give you a point of reference to confirm for you that I’m not Joan.
Sometimes I miss my old life. I'll admit, nine years ago I was yearning to go back.
Thankfully the bus driver has been prepped to only open the front doors so that easy boarding has a chance of working.
Reverieing
Margaret House
11. Changes in prayer or meditation. Not feeling the same sensations as before. Not having the same experience of being in contact with Spirit. Difficulty in focusing.
Brew day began at about 5:30pm. I used Spring water this time. I wanted to make sure to use very pure water for this bad boy, because it's going to be spending so much time maturing. Didn't want any nastyies coming in from the Mississippi river water that I get at my house in NE Minneapolis.
I guess you can never really know what it is about us that makes us all laminate in contradictions, if anything absurd and irrational creatures doesn’t even come close to covering it.
Once you become Whole or Complete “WITHIN” you become whole and complete with ALL things/BEings in and of “Creation” This is where you hold KEY WITHIN is also called “Pure Complete Unconditional Love and Acceptance”. As you “Release” Past old rundant cylonic energies and come to a growth understanding you can then more begin to “release” and Unblock that Natural Energy Life Force Flow you carry within. This Chelas is your “PURE BLISS” stage. Do you have a 3d existance that meets 5d +++ at this stage you suppose chelas? This is perfect harmonic balance. You become a Cohan/Teacher/Mentor to your other brothers/sisters upon this grand bearer of life/creation – Earth. I know it seems at times unfair and unjust to see your brothers and sisters choose some of the things that are chosen thru their actions and re-actions. You are of givin Free-Will to move about freely in choice. How you act or re-act within stones upon your path. Is not to be of wise to cast a stone upon to another for pain or discomfort – Do unto others as you would have them do unto you chelas….if you are not comfortable in a situation you have that freewill to freely move away or re-position yourself upon another set path of your souls journey and growth! YOU ARE THE DRIVER OF YOUR OWN VESSELS – HOW WILL YOUR HANDLE / DRIVE / and CONTROL THEM?
The Lords of Xibalba were cunning. They knew they could not match the Hunaphu brothers in a straight match of strength and skill. They had to be more devious in their approach. The two Lords sat on the high throne and other lords sat on the lower seats on the sides. The two Lords moved to the side of the throne and placed two wooded dummies on the seats. The two brothers had never seen the Lords of Xibalba and had no idea how they looked. They assumed the ones on the throne would be the Lords. So they walked in proudly and addressed the wooden dummies, “Greetings to you, Lord One Death. Hope you are keeping well, Lord Seven Death.”
Bialik shared her life story to date in front of an audience of about 200 people – mostly parents, some with kids in tow, and that’s a-OK – last Sunday afternoon at the Skirball Cultural Center in Los Angeles. Bialik was out on tour promoting her book “Beyond the Sling: A Real-Life Guide to Raising Confident, Loving Children the Attachment Parenting Way,” a collection of autobiographical accounts of her family’s experiences and adventures in attachment parenting (AP). In a candid discussion facilitated by television producer and current colleague David Goetsch (“The Big Bang Theory” – he’s co-executive producer and writer on the series; she’s a regularly appearing character), the audience embarked on a recount of Bialik’s life journey that’s ultimately redefined her as a spokesperson and advocate for the AP lifestyle.
Today, as I walked with my sister and a friend, I was thinking a lot about this column. What to write, what to write… The sun was getting steadily lower, but there was still a fair bit of light, birds singing, and the scent of smoke in the air. My shoes, even though I was only wearing flip-flops, felt like they were trapping my feet, so I slipped them off and spent the rest of our long and meandering walk in bare feet.Ahh, the relief! The joy!
As usual feel free to make anything you like, just remember to include something digital in your design. This can be your main image, digi papers, sentiment, etc...
If you want, make a quick ganache or just dip ends in melted chocolate.
After taking the romantic walk on Via Del Amore from Riomaggiore to Manarola, we had a wondeful two hour lunch at Tratorria da Billy (highly recommended!) on the top of the town. It was almost near disaster because by the time we walked all the way back down to the bottom again, I realized I left the big bag of kale at the trattoria! I swear it wasn't the bottle of Dolcetto that accompanied our homemade, fresh lobster pasta...
8And Eloisa yet must kiss the name.
A manager told sheriff’s deputies that Abaire entered the store and asked for a glass of water around 10 p.m. Although the employee told him the cup was for water, Abaire filled it with soda at a fountain machine and sat outside the restaurant, according to an arrest report.
Telling your children that Santa Clause is real, is lying to them, hands down! It is deceiving them and that is against the Spirit of Christ. We can tell our children the story of Santa- as a myth. Be honest with them. You wont deprive them of any joy and they will always adore and respect you for your honesty.
The last few years, the exhibit has been staffed by Oregon Zoo volunteers and Master Gardeners. This year, once a month, the exhibit is staffed by Master Recyclers (such as yours truly). We might not have been able to identify all the plants in the exhibit, but we did spend all day talking about composting and rainwater harvesting and why having more bugs in your yard can be a good thing. We also borrowed a worm bin from the Oregon Zoo horticulturists and invited kids (and the grownups!) to pet the worms. The kids were fantastic! They started out as or quickly became expert worm-handlers. We talked about where worms live, how to hold them, and what worms do in the bins and in the gardens at home. We only lost one worm to a very small toddler’s instinctive squishing as the worm wriggled about and tickled his palm.
upon the same foundation technology.
About a week ago now, the little guys and I were making bubble paintings. Well, Daughter #2 decided to take the dish soap paint outside and see if when she blew the bubbles away if they had a color. Sure enough they did. So, out to the back went the giant bottle of dish soap. There is NOTHING the boy likes so much as getting wet and messy with the hose, so he took the dish soap and proceeded to paint everything in sight with it. One of the things he inadvertently painted was poor Mr. Saint’s eyeball. I didn’t know anything about it until Saturday morning when Daughter #1 said, “Mom, Saint’s eye looks funny….” Sure enough when I looked in his eye it was puffy, weepy and the lens was getting cloudy. I was like, “Holy crying doggies Batman! Grab the saline for the love of Moses!” We managed to saline him down twice that day, but it took all 3 of us big girls laying on top of him to do it. (You know your puppy is a VERY strong 40 lbs. to throw 3 people. During that time I immediately became thankful that I hadn’t always wanted a Great Dane or something crazy like that.) I was also putting Neosporin on it, because it works really good for ALL kinds of people eyeball stuff, and whenever the snake has an issue his doctor told me to apply it directly to him. I figure if I can put it on my eye and the snake directly, it can’t harm the puppy’s eye that bad. Then I called my vet friend. He suggested using a sterile eye lubricant wash. He didn’t otherwise object to anything I was already doing, so I feel very good about that. The next day, I took the kids and the dog to the park. In the car, under the sunlight I got a good look at the injured eye. The soap ATE the first layer completely off of Saint’s cornea. I couldn’t believe it. Today, his eye is nearly back to normal. He is healing very quickly, my vet friend said that it could take up to three weeks.
The Watcher's Council is a long-standing group of 15 conservative bloggers from around the world and winner of the 2011 Fabulous 50 Blog Award in the category of Best Conservative Blog-Ring.
This pretty much sums it up for me. I am feeling nostalgic as I watch the original Miracle on 34th Street. I think about being a little girl and watching that and the parade with my parents. Tell the people in your life how much you care about them, today and everyday. :)
Ben and Patty Wallace are two of the most talented, creative people I know. Patty, Ben's wife, designed the cover for Above Reproach. She's an art director--a damn good one--and she freelances on the side. She's done a number of covers. If you know a writer who needs a top-shelf cover, contact her (I linked on her name).
Happy because they are with their owners. With the people they love unconditionally. It's the only way they know how to love.
“We weren’t sure what you liked, so . . .” Alexandre shrugged and spread his hands wide.
But then what are we to make of movies that get sequels made to them that are so bad that we questions the producers' sanity, the studios stock portfolio and the actors' intelligence, all for being involved with some odious dreck that purports to be a continuation of a story that should have been better told but wasn't?
4.Sparkly Vampires ( I think this is a good idea, but so many people I know complain about the ridiculousness of it, that I thought I'd add it in. For fairness.)
You can have close friends, childhood friends, college friends, close siblings, strong relationship with parents, or a cousin who’s the same age. But nothing rivals the closeness that’s experienced between a husband and wife. Marriage is the most intimate of all human relationships.
15 - Heaven And Hell
The Liberty now move within 1 ½ games of the Sun in the Eastern Conference standings, as New York has now won its third straight game.
by Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, NaturalNews Editor
Anyway...we soldiered on.
Also recommended:
The day-long workshop was jointly opened by Dr Ir Bambang Trihartono MF, head of FORDA’s Centre for Research and Development for Enhancement of Forest Productivity, and Dr Ujjwal Pradhan, regional coordinator of the World Agroforestry Centre in Southeast Asia.
2.Distress= narrowness of place, a narrow place metaphor. dire calamity, extreme affliction
I began my Power Yoga class. It was not fun. I made it about 25 minutes before I wanted to vomit. And the good news was that I did not vomit. Hopefully next time, I can go a few more minutes. I am going to take yoga on Mondays and Wednesdays at a great place in Dublin called Harbor Yoga. Even though I have a long way to go, I really like the feel of this place and know that once I can handle the workout, I'll love it. I went with my good friend, Katie DiCesare. (TIP: Do not begin an exercise program with someone who is both 10 years younger than you and in much better shape than you...)
In 2008, the National Leadership Consortium at the University of Delaware was calling attention to a “looming crisis” in DD services. Their data showed that two-thirds of current CEOs and executive directors of nonprofit organizations as well as government senior managers were leaving their jobs by 2013. “Many leaders of disability organizations are reaching retirement age,” they stated, “and there is not a ‘next generation’ of leaders prepared to move into these positions.” I think Patti Stonesifer might disagree with that.
Hammer & Sickle (PC)
Row 1-3- Repeat pocket.
So I gave it a quick tidy and took some shots. I then completed the application form and uploaded some images. If you'd like to see our entry please click here.
The corporate media and progressives in power and public influence deflected any due diligence background investigation of this unknown by frequently calling upon the race issue, which remains a very effective tactic today. Yet, the legitimate questions that have been asked yet never answered have absolutely nothing to do with race, but of concern for our country.
.: To laugh often and much; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children; to earn the appreciation of honest critics and to endure the betrayal of false friends. To appreciate beauty; to find the best in others; to leave the world a bit better whether by a healthy child, a garden patch, or a redeemed social condition; to know that even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded :.
How far off the peak are we? Nationally 49.3% (51.8% in real terms as inflation has increased by 5.2% between February 2007 and March 2012). Interestingly, as revealed here,Northern Ireland is some 45.2% from peak in nominal terms and 52.6% off peak in real terms. Are forbearance measures by mortgage lenders, a draconian bankruptcy regime and NAMA’s (in)actions distorting the market? Or are cash transactions which are not captured by the CSO index so significant today that if they were captured, the decline in the Republic would be even greater?
with your meaning
Supposedly, we have heard, you get a mailed notice if you are under a hosepipe ban because of lack of water. Then unless you get an exemption, you can’t water your grass, wash your car, fill your birdbath or any such thing with your hose. You can do all of that if you carry the water out of your house in a bucket. Also we have been told that neighbors are particularly good at ratting you out and telling on you if they see you with the hose in your hand. Exceptions are if you have a pond with live fish. Then you are allowed to use the hose to keep it full so your fish don’t die. We do have a fish pond and while our fish died over the winter, we have since restocked it. It has still been so cold thought that we haven’t seen the fish since we released them into the pond.
The 1709 Blog has learned from its Australian friend John Walker that Viscopy (the Australian sister to the UK's Design and Artists Collection Society ) is effectively ceasing to operate as an organisation in its own right: its management functions are to be taken over by Copyright Agency Limited -- a body which was appointed by the Commonwealth Attorney General and the Copyright Tribunal to manage various statutory licences. According to a statement released by Viscopy:
I couldn’t make mistakes.
10:30 a.m. — Brewery set up. Ingredients collected. Heating 3 quarts of water for steep. Crushing grains. The CaraMunich smells a bit like Cracker Jack. It is very tasty, caramelly, crunchy, grainy. The Biscuit has a grassier, dirtier smell. Flavor is bready and biscuity. The Aromatic actually has relatively little aroma dry. The flavor is subtle, as well. Vaguely sweet. The Special B has a grainy, toasty smell. The flavor is slightly sweet, slightly burnt, toasty, with a very slight coffee flavor.
Chill wort to about 80˚ or less, transfer to carboy, add water to 5 gallons, pitch yeast.
The Snowflake Party
A4 Pyramage die-cut sheet - Birthday Picnic x 2
I have shared this on my Facebook page as well since the friends who follow me on Facebook are different from the Blogger ones. The link is here.
How long have you been writing poetry? It will be two years this summer.
And I wonder what you can see?
I will be having a Alice Ann Dahl or a Daniel Boone Wilderness Dahl-- "Boone"
****************5 hours later (and not a little high on paint fumes)********
which is a little disappointing
"Look at that beggar there!
One of the advantages of having an annual site is that you can pick any spot in the park to plunk down on. One of the advantages to doing lottery and driving the park is when a great spot opens up, you see it right away. Which was the case a few weeks ago. As I drove through the park, looking for empty sites, I saw something that shocked me. One of my favorite spots that had been occupied by an annual site member, was now opened up. I drove back to the office and asked for permission to move to it. Then I went home and asked Nathan if he was ok with moving to it. Normally I would do that in reverse, but I knew if I waited then the site would be gone!
GRAMS PRIME Burger (PhP175). It’s described by GRAMS Diner’s “menuzine” (their new menu in magazine form) as follows: “Half-pound Certified Angus Beef Patty. Ground, seasoned and grilled ON ORDER! Topped with melted mozzarella cheese. It’s so fresh the cow’s relatives haven’t been notified yet.” Delicious take on the classic burger. Just look at the patty on this one!
At around the same time...I experienced the surpassingly odd sensation of making a new friend. A genuine friend, a good friend. It really was, and remains, a bizarre feeling. I never expected it to happen again at my age. I brighten every time I get a text from her and can’t wait to meet up with her every week to put the world to rights. It is like the beginning of a love affair but without the sickening doubts or sexual anxieties. It’s absolutely brilliant. And I couldn't have put it better myself.
“Next are your henchmen. These guys recruit the minions. Minions do little jobs. You can control their minds. Henchmen do more difficult jobs. They have to be discrete, trustworthy. Then there are the helpers. They are your confidantes and partners. Then there’s you—the leader, son. You are a leader.”
Therefore without a moment’s hesitation determine to live together as heirs of heaven, and to be a helper to one other’s souls. To assist you in this holy pursuit I will give you these following directions, which if you will faithfully practice, may make you to be special blessings to each other.
For example a young couple bring a young calf out the countryside. They buy a bread and sit down to a picnic. Moments later the red tunic-ed Spanish come riding in. They roust the man, beat and rough him up. He is then tied down on a circular platform which is mounted on what we might call a telephone pole today. The pole is erected. This man who might be dead or might be alive is far above ground and beyond anyone’s help. The purpose is not explained but we do see what happens after in alarming detail. Carrion birds eventually come – attracted by the smell of the blood, and begin to make a meal of him.
Sunset – for us 9.05pm, for you 4.05am.
Eventually, after spending $20 million in the primary, McCain prevailed against Hayworth by 56%-32%, but that didn’t stop his requests for money. During his lopsided race against Democrat Rodney Glassman, McCain continued to implore me to send money to ensure his vital election. In November, the result was another lopsided victory for McCain, 59%-35%.
Bake at 350F for 15 to 18 minutes.
With every plate of food or trip to the grocery store, a contemporary issue of extreme injustice towards the other hides just out of sight. The other in this case is the undocumented farmworker that has picked the vegetable or processed the meat that is so readily available for mass consumption and enjoyment. While all undocumented farmworkers face serious issues of injustice, the plight of undocumented women working on farms or in meat processing facilities is much more desperate than men working in those same positions. The level of injustice faced by these women is simply outrageous. In this section, multiple issues of injustice facing undocumented female farmworkers will be presented in further detail. This discussion will be followed by an exploration of five texts drawn from the Old Testament Historical Books that highlights how they address similar issues of injustice towards the other.
underneath the black cloud of Islam
Last night, when I scrootched in bed next to my sleepy husband around 10:00 p.m., the possibility of slumber seemed promising. I was in peaceful spirits because I had made it through the entire day without any pain medication at all. For over a month, I had been weaning down to only one-half tablet per day at bedtime for pain due to a surgical procedure. But not today, I thought, triumphantly. This pain, I can handle.
a once-green garden burnt down to dust.
This wasn't about being Muslim.
"Look I don't want to listen to you. I am off duty now so I don't have to talk to you"
"Did you take him yet?" My friends would ask impatiently. "I'm telling you...he's the perfect age. He's gonna love it!"
via Amy Kaneko's Let's Cook Japanese Food!
With the Weed & Polish anyway. And then it'll be time for the Final Polish and the writing of the eeevil dreaded synopsis. But, I'm not really dreading the synopsis this time around. Maybe I've learned a thing or two after all.
For this challenge, we can either make cards, tags, layout, altered and/or digital. For each creation, Alda has required us to fulfil 'eleven must have'...1) Must use 3 minimum patterned papers. (2) One butterfly. (3) One bird. (4) Use some ribbons/trims. (5) A fence. (6) A sign.
—David Tallerman, Giant Thief
The research house says the rationale for an acquisition of Proton could include a more efficient use of the group’s cash resources, a disposal of Group Lotus, utilising Proton’s spare production capacity or vast empty industrial landbank in Tanjung Malim, Perak by negotiating with multinational car producers looking to diversify some production from Thailand.
Here is the before.
I let Evil lie to my heart and take me captive and make me his whore. I let him make me comfortable so I don’t even twitch at disembowelment and I don’t even sue. I go around saying that we just need to love one another, and then I get an opportunity to love a roommate or a friend and I just let it slip by. Don’t you? I may not even recognize it. It’s worse when I do, though.
As jointed armour, stiffened pleat,
“Kat, I do not want one of these. I told you that.”
2- Tape your pattern onto your cutting mat and cut it out with your exacto knife very carefully. Take your time. Remember to save the inside of the letters e and a.
The latest Throwback Thursday challenge at My Creative Time, is to create a project using a font cartridge. I noticed that I have never used Calligraphy yet on a project for my blog so I decided to go with that one.
* Being a light and contribution in the lives of others
My mom wanted to add “I wanted a name that would look good as a signature when you signed your name on documents”
Sometimes I share the box with my parents... I leave a bag of produce on their door on the way to work. A nice surprise for them too!
Also bring the marinated meat to room temperature.
We can help get ourselves out of that and the remedy is found in this chapter. First of all, we have to decide to look past ourselves. Don’t stay in that place where your feelings overshadow you; instead think of what you can do for someone else. Bless somebody when you don’t feel like it, even when you don’t want to. It doesn’t have to be a big something; anything to turn your focus off you will do.
I understand this. I myself do it in some ways. Wanting too for others to see the great parts of my life only.
C. Troubadour: "February, where have you gone?"
Go phish yourself (you can replace the word phish if you feel so inclined)
Ok once you’ve built your compost bin, start filling with plant material, you can put pretty much anything in from the garden up to 1cm diameter, including weeds, lawn clippings, and the usual kitchen peelings etc. Fill to 1/3 of the height of the bin. At this stage place two shovel loads of good quality soil over the heap and two handfuls of nitrogen fertiliser (e.g. hoof and horn). If you use organic fertiliser make sure it is ground into a fine powder (amounts quoted are for a 1.5 x 1.5m heap).
Encroachment of that old catastrophe,
Then, came Savannah. Followed by Shelby, And, finally, Alani. Four girls for the football coach. There would be no more trying for the elusive boy. I was done after four.
d. Consultants or designers to the industry.
To seek their altar-stone no more,
or last year's fir needles. Each hillside speaks
Here is a view from the only flat section of my run.
“You Samaritans(religionists) do not really know whom you worship;we Jews(christians) know whom we worship,for salvation comes from the Jews (by Jesus Christ).23 But the time is coming(is here),and is already here,(it has come),when the real worshipers will worship the Father in spirit and in truth.These are the worrhipers the Father wants to worship him.24 God is spirit,and those who worship him must worship in spirit and in truth.”John4:22-24.Words in brackets are added.
For me, this sort of Gnawa tape blows doors on any studio recording - this is Gnawa music at its organic best - when the music ebbs and flows, expands and contracts in accordance with the vibe in the room, the particular mix of people in attendance, and the needs of trancers.
Today I went to an event and met some of my favourite people, the blogging kind! Photos of that and the reason of the event will be up soon.
I cut 1.25" hearts from the George & Basic Shapes cart - 4 red and 1 on clear contact paper. I have no Valentine's Day stamps, so my trusty computer helped me with the sentiments. BTW - the sentiment under the scratch off reads: "You won my heart". A new penny finished my card.
Not without a fight, and generally not without at least one argument with me daily. But she is fading, and You Do What You Can.
Kegged: 04-25-2008
we had one before Joe and I got married.
Enter Michelle’s “We can’t just leave it up to parents.” And Obamacare–since neither patients nor doctors can be trusted to make the most cost-effective decisions. We need to reignite the desire of Americans to fend for themselves. In a strange way, Obama has helped light the fire, and the resulting birth of Tea Partiers across the nation. Watch and enjoy:
I want more than anything to reflect my Savior; and that means allowing Him to prune where needed. Even if it hurts.
It was so much fun that we went on another hunt after school on Monday.
First, the background:
While we were there, my friend Chris told Eva that she had been mulling over an idea for a fundraiser for the Humane Society for some time. A particular dog that had come through the shelter had captured Chris’ heart and imagination; Chris asked Eva if she would write a book about it, and offer the proceeds back to the Humane Society. Eva has accepted the challenge, and she hopes to have a story outline ready by mid-January. I’m so excited about this opportunity for her; this is a gift that will support the shelter for years to come.
Who have the Bomb.
I've coloured her with Prisma pencils and inked around the edges with Tattered Rose distress ink. The papers are by Basic Grey and the butterflies are punched out with my MS butterfly punch. The little swirly tag things are cut with nesties and the sentiment is from craftwork cards. Stickles and pearls from stash.
That was me today.
Besides, there’s a final interesting point. Studies undertaken in the 1930′s showed that most people are only efficient at their jobs for 6 hours a day. Longer than that and they tend to lose concentration and make mistakes. The survey found that most errors occured in the time people worked beyond 6 hours. The recommendation was put forward for a 6-hour day to be introduced. Then came the war – and nobody bothered about that sort of stuff.
Obviously, I don’t really want to. In addition to my ambivalence about Pip’s earlier preschool experience, the following question comes to mind: what good comes from my being a full-time father if we are just going to send the kids to preschool every morning? I can do all the cognitive stuff better and more efficiently at home. The kids will get more direct attention, read more books, learn more letters and numbers, get exposed to more novel ideas, and have longer periods for playtime with me than at preschool. As a result of all of this, they’ll probably start reading and writing on their own sooner, too.
School has started, but no journals for me yet. It's important that I have try to hand write all my things that I want to touch on. I've decided they will really be more snip its/ stories/ anecdotes/ history/hopes etc for all of us. The little ones won't even be reading these for a very long time anyway, although I want to incorporate "younger version" concepts too. Goal to live up!
By Anna McGovern for Africa Renewal
that have officially signed leases,” Dan Pederson, the director of residential life, said.
Did I mention I absolutely hate moving? It's on my top 10 worst experiences list. I'll be glad once everything is back in order.
All-Purpose or Traditional Whole Wheat Flour or you can use some of each
Rapace remains the singular highlight of the series as she elevates her Salander performance taking the character to places only hinted at in the first film. While Nyqvist still feels like a non-presence, at least this time, he is still the ineffectual “male lead” relegated to a supporting role in the events of the film. The cast and the world of the film are blown out which is good for the scope and revelations that aid to the story but the film feels hard-pressed to keep up and the entire enterprise feels pushed to the seams. Like the other stories in the series, there is still a large concentration on sex crimes and violence towards women that almost bordered on an obsession with Larsson. Because of that obsession, Larsson created one of the strongest female characters in modern fiction that rose from the ashes of brutal violence. The Girl Who Played with Fire sheds light on the character’s dark past but the lack of focus makes her more of an enigma than she really should be. It’s only through the brave performance by Rapace that the character leaves any presence at all and had the film shed its weight in light, poorly drawn supporting characters and one too many plot strands, the film could have worked better as a character study and not the broad, catch-all mystery that the film becomes.
I am also really excited that I will be releasing a new book (mystery series) next month. THE GREY TIER; A DEAD CELEBS MYSTERY. This series will be under my name Michele Scott, and although is has the humor and romance that the Nikki books do, there is an added element of paranormal and urban fantasy to it. It's a bit different for me, but I have had a blast writing this book and my fingers are crossed that readers will enjoy it as much as I have enjoyed writing it. Here is a bit of a preview. Check back over the next few weeks for more chances at Amazon gift cards, and pre-postings of the new book.
Findings used often in jewelry-making are wire hooks, loops, beads and caps, bead cones, clasps, crimps, charms, head pins, and eye pins to name even more. Most online sites, books, and stores have organized their Jewelry Findings in a few different ways for viewing and shopping convenience. If you know your material and finish preference, you can navigate by the type of material. Often offered are precious metal, solid metals, or base metal findings. Categories are then further broken down by types of findings.
I'm more sentimental for the door with the hand-painted letters that stood up to years of weather and thousands of miles of deliveries to Walter Bick's farm in Scarborough full of pickling cucumbers or cabbage to turn into sauerkraut.
in my cupboard. Black,
As this was of course, a rather special card, I decided to make it a coordinating box, so used the same pearlescent cardstock as the card base & part of the cross for the box's top & decorated it with another Spellbinders' cross as well as a lacy shape from the Lace Doily Accents set. The four tiny sections which had popped out of the die cut silver cross I used as embellishments & added them to the corners of the box lid. I then created an insert for the box (well, it isn't as if I didn't have enough to do is it, LOL), and this time used a sentiment from 'verses-for-cards'.
I got them to go with the dress I'll be wearing when I accompany the MSU choirs on Sunday. I always practice the harp wearing shoes with a heel because it makes working the pedals easier. Since I don't wear pink fluffy slippers when I'm performing, I don't practice the harp wearing those. And since these shoes are new, I wanted to get a feel for how they would move on the pedals. It all makes sense, right?
“In passing, it is also noteworthy that the American revolution only triumphed because of outside military intervention, by the imperialist powers of the Netherlands, Spain and France – the last two of which, of course, had their own large colonial empires in the Western hemisphere.”
- I didn’t have time. I need at least 45 minutes every morning to get ready to go out without make-up. If I were going to do it, I would have needed an hour more (as I said, I didn’t know how to wear make-up at all). During the whole previous year, I was waking up at 5:30a.m, and I was already always lack of sleep. From where could I get more time? Simplest solution: don’t make-up.
Yesterday Brandon Morrow threw a 3 hit shutout of the Angels in a 5 -0 win. Today Henderson Alvarez threw a 6 hit shutout of the Angels in a 4-0 win.
A truth that I have to remember is that sometimes the changes in my life are not necessarily smooth. There are sometimes steps back. Sometimes steps forward. Somedays I am healed in my mind and heart. Some days I’m still a struggler.
than when we let a little vulnerability in.....
Siddhartha left his early guru. The future Buddha determined that, though he had mastered his teacher’s practices and understood the guru’s rationale, Siddhartha’s own questions remained. The answers lay within Siddhartha, and he would not find them in any teacher’s mind.
25 workers at $30 per day ($750 cost)
I had some spaghetti noodles in my pantry that have been staring me in the face for quite some time. I haven't really been in the mood for spaghetti, but I really wanted to get rid of them. Thankfully I found a recipe for a hearty soup that satisfied both my man and myself. The soup is started by making an easy roux, which gives the soup a thick consistency. The broccoli was nice and crisp, which is just how I like it (no thank you to soggy broccoli).
1.) In a large pot, fill 3/4 way full of water. Bring to a boil. Add pasta and cook until al dente.
This will happen. It always happens to me. I will have to make a phone call, and sure enough, someone needs something and starts to whine so I will listen. It is okay to point to the phone, put your hand up, and tell your child you need a minute to finish the call. Once you are off the phone, immediately address your child and their concern or need. Don't forget about them, and be realistic about your time on the phone. If you are going to be more than just a few minutes. Consider asking the caller to wait "just a minute" while you address your child. If you are going to be longer on the call, maybe finishing the conversation at a later time would be better. Asking a child to wait is realistic, but wait forever, is not.
Mary Bard Jensen is very funny, indeed but you'll enjoy Clyde Jensen, Cleve and Mary Alice Bard as well. A wonderful family!
Here's mine:
His nickname, "The Nightmare," made me think of an agency president I worked with almost two decades ago. If I were a little more clever I would have called him back in 1993 'Warren "The Nightmare" Dechter.'
09/05/2011 SELL 0.01 usdmxn 12.5700 09/07/2011 12.4400 +10.61
“Private Sessions” showcases exclusive performances and conversations with top names in entertainment with a focus on contemporary music ranging from rock ‘n’ roll to pop to country. Each Sunday morning “Private Sessions” explores the body of work of a single artist or group and features current releases as well as career-building, influential or defining projects.
10 set
I've learned to get past most of that with Kershaw. I've decided to enjoy him for the greatness that he is. I've never been more excited about a player on my team (although Matt Kemp is getting very close). In fact, I've gotten to the point where I'm stunned when Kershaw doesn't do well.
Hamburger bun
Your head is very important, as you lose 50% of your body heat through your head. A helmet is designed to keep you cool in the summer, not warm in the winter. A fleece liner inside your helmet will keep your head and ears warm during winter riding.
These terms are unique to the Apostle Paul simply because to him was given the revelation of the mystery “which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit.” (Ephesians 3:5)
Some of the starlight kids got to stand in the tunnel at the opening and after halftime and give the players high fives!
Leading Innovation with the Brain in Mind, facilitates leaders to act on solution strategies . While many people do not like going to work for a variety of reasons, very few do anything about it. Ellen and I facilitate students to implement Mita's 5-Way Test to Genius as these young leaders take daily steps to reach their target. In each of the early class sessions, students work with new people, which effectively sparks additional solution insights. Continuous reflection helps hone their tactics.
Sweet Starlet sent me and my girls necklaces as a gift. The first one is mine and the second one is my second daughter’s. There is a blue one which my older one received, but not in these photos. I have used mine many times. It’s a fun piece of jewelry to wear! Thanks, Starlet!
Click the picture to hop on over and grab your freebie! Then come back and blog hop around to grab the others!!
which has to correspond with the context in which it was formulated
Also, differences in the spelling of names is noted and may be due to regional spelling differences and also typos for which i apologize. Finally a few sentences of a personal nature have been extracted from the most recent email from Kranti Sangivane LOVE
There’s a commotion near the back of the bookstore and an excited buzz ripples through the crowd. “Ooh, there she is, there she is!” and Meg Cabot walks towards the podium.
No herculean effort can alleviate the curse
Beth – Minka Kelly – she’s probably a little too pretty but I find her sooo appealing in everything (WHY did she have to leave Parenthood for Charlie’s Angels?)
I deserve better.
I have to admit, I am relieved gymnastics will not be a part of our life.
There is in Soldiers of Salamis, a war novel by Javier Cercas, a striking scene at the beginning of the third and final part of the book. A journalist named Javier Cercas (yes, it was one of those books where writers name the protagonist after themselves) was asked by his publisher to do some interviews with "people of some prominence" who emigrated to Spain, one of which was the Chilean novelist Roberto Bolaño (yes, again). On the strength of a series of well-received novels in the 1990s, Bolaño - pithily described as having "that unmistakable air of a hippy peddler that afflicted so many Latin-Americans of his generation exiled in Europe" - was getting more famous and notorious in the Latin American literary scene. He was 47 years old at the time of Cercas's visit, and he just won a "considerable literary prize" (most likely the Rómulo Gallegos Prize for the best Spanish language novel, for Los detectives salvajes).
To break it down:
Lewis Schaffer Doen’t Want Your Money- Scott Lithgow
I painted it though! Here is a pic before I caulked the gap to the ceiling.
Why do we discriminate in our salutations? What is wrong with addressing Suranjit Sengupta as Janab? In India, all officials, irrespective of religion, are addressed formally as Sri. Why not do a Bangladeshi equivalent?
Even though it was a good day to be out, I didn't take any photos today. I was hoping that I would. But the photographic muse had deserted me, yet again. I suppose that photography on the street is a bit like fishing, as you never know what you are going to get. At least in the studio you are practically guaranteed to get some good shots.
(Guards chase servants.)
Of course, it helps to be able to walk downstairs to the museum and the attached garage. On the floor, an original Formula One car alongside the 1970 Le Mans-winning 917 and some other jaw-dropping cars. A few of the rarest customer cars make it to this, the best Porsche garage of the lot.
My attempt at being healthy has failed me. It’s been a long time since I can remember being excited to eat well. Actually, to be fair, I can’t remember a time I was ever excited to eat well. Sure, I force myself to eat apples as a mid morning snack while at work. Sure, I’ll eat almonds and rice cakes in the afternoon, but if you put a bag of peanut M&M’s in front of my face, I’d choose them every single time over the healthy alternative. That’s just who I am. I can’t hide it.
Unfortunately, some freeware applications which contain adware do track your surfing habits in order to serve ads related to you. When the adware becomes intrusive like this, then we move it in the spyware category and it then becomes something you should avoid for privacy and security reasons. Due to its invasive nature, spyware has really given adware a bad name as many people do not know the differences between the two, or use the the terms interchangeably.
Truly, this is the perfect flick if you’re in the mood for something ridiculous with zombie action. Terrible make-up, horrendous acting, I-made-this-in-MS-Paint graphics, and a soundtrack that can make you laugh on its own merit. Did I say “ridiculous” enough?
Meanwhile, back at the plot, Gary Naftalis, Gupta’s lawyer, has said in court that prosecutors told him two other Goldman Sachs employees are suspected of leaking tips about companies including Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Intel Corp. (INTC) Naftalis said one was an executive caught on a wiretap talking to Rajaratnam. Without naming the person, Naftalis said the defence may present evidence of the other hinters, sorry, tippers at Gupta’s trial.
Dear fellow bloggers and readers, it’s been wonderful 5 months of cooking, photographing, writing and sharing. I’ve learned so much, and I keep learning new things every day through countless wonderful, delicious and creative ideas I find in your blogs.
See God, doesn’t want us to waste our time on idol things and by our sinful nature it seems to come easy to do just that without much thought and that is why we need God, to point out the indifference that our sinful blinders, blind us from so we don’t fall into the trap of Deferred Gratification. If we decide to rely on our own understanding and strength to remove the sinful blinders on a daily basis we would fail because we need Gods’ intervention to point out the sin we may not see in the same aspect as God’ sees the sin…
Well worth reading in full…
Sadly, by the time I went to order it, it was sold out! But after reading more about it, I found it shares the same pros & cons with the other cute mobiles I was about to discover:
“I’d still like to go.” Henry shrugs at my insistence.
Zots from Thermoweb
Sorry about the photos, it was hard not to get any glare on them. But of course you don’t have to use it just for jewellery. Family photos, home renovations, vacation photos, anything really and it’s all there without having to be connected to the internet to view them.
Late filing and payment penalties will be waived for those affected taxpayers who have an original or extended income tax filing, payment or deposit due date, including an extended filing or payment due date, that falls within the postponement period. Kentucky’s tax laws have no provision for the waiver of interest.
Author and journalist Joshua Foer emphasizes that the book is not a self-help guide. It documents his engaging journey as he immerses himself in participative journalism and ultimately becomes a US Memory Champion. No easy feat, but not out of reach to an average Joe, he insists. In his own words, the book chronicles the year he spent training his memory “and also trying to understand it – its inner workings, its natural deficiencies, its hidden potential”.
Brown Kraft Cover Weight cardstock
The Viper adventure began a couple of months before The Breakup. I tend to give off anti-technology vibes, so I have frequent need of the computer tech at our school. Naturally a friendship developed, but because I was in my loyal-girlfriend-state-of-mind I didn’t really pick up on his not-so-subtle flirty comments.
1375 **D-III/18(B)/2001. “A Tomb of One’s Own: The Feminist Movement from Antigone to Virginia Woolf.” Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(5), above, pp. 734-48.)
what? you cant tell from my beautiful photography skills whats on it? that would be onion, bell pepper, jalapenos, and tomatoes
I was reminded to look down and see what we had – and it was indeed a boy! We didn't know the gender beforehand, but I had trouble seeing the baby as a girl – although I would have been fine with either.
They have continuously sought to strip employees of the right to negotiate for better pay and safer working conditions.
hi Rae, nice of you to drop by :)
For some reason, Saturday felt like the right time to tackle the project. When the basement cleaning muse visits, don't say no. That's my advice.
Digital Zoom: 6 x
Now I don’t see why everyone seems to be so proud of not judging these days. I love to make moral judgments. My moral judgments aren’t arbitrary. I’m not trying to force anyone to agree with me if they don’t want to. But I do like to set out moral boundaries and then explain with evidence why those boundaries are there. And those boundaries are not arbitrary, they are there to protect myself and others from harm. It’s wrong to tell people that it’s fine for them to do whatever they want in order to feel “happy”. It is often in the pursuit of happiness that people break the rules and then cause the most harm to themselves and others.
I'm not saying I give all my excess money to my loved ones who needs them. God knows I spend on myself and buy stupid Liz Lisa shit just because it makes me happy. Just thinking about this makes me feel guilty.
The Forty-sixth annual Fuck You list…
sleepy breath,
what should i get my son for my birthday if i have forgotten about it
I found a brand new voice as well, and found that my blogs revealed a cynical side of me that I hadn’t found in myself before. My blog on the series How I Met Your Mother, which I titled This is Why I Suck: Shows My Friends Hate Me for Hating , for example, was an opportunity for me to vent about the negative aspects of the show itself while inviting criticism from fans of the series. Taking it a step further, I saw it as a challenge for myself to give the series a chance despite my presuppositions. The fact that these were opinion based blogs meant that rather than editing out these episodes of cynicism I could embrace it, challenging other posters to respond and tell me when I’m wrong. It was brought to my attention, however, that I had not identified the reasons that the shows besides How I Met Your Mother were bad, and so my editing of the initial blog including what I hope are entertaining yet legitimate reasons not to be a fan, as well as an update of the imagery selected.
But he appeared to be acting "suspiciously", looking up at a dome CCTV camera, so Mr. Sutton continued to monitor him.
The last two days were eventful, but uneventful at the same time. I can explain.
In general however, the courts have taken the consistent line that a jury can always be carefully directed only to consider the evidence led in court in the course of the trial, and to disregard extraneous material. As such pursuit of an appeal based on nothing other that adverse pre-trial publicity seems a forlorn hope.
I highly recommend this procedure!!!! I feel so liberated of my glasses & contacts now!!! It’s amazing. :)
Icon does not exist within a vacuum. We are both influenced by and influence the greater world of motorcycling. That world extends far beyond the ‘stunt’ community for which we are most closely associated. Indeed – fighters, rats, sportys, choppers, cafes, flattrackers, roadracers, scooters, antiques, minibikes, and oddball mashup customs have an equal place under the Icon tent. Combine these cultures with our fundamental goal of championing the street riders cause (i.e., protecting your ass) and you have the core of the brand we call Icon.
Draw Date: April 2
Because I love to cook and grew up around those who also loved to cook, I am so excited to be able to introduce my daughter to the joys of making special things for those she loves. She has already visited me in the kitchen in the arms of her dad and she is showing interest in food...that's a great place to start, I think.
Now Ettling sweeps Marx. This is a close round. Ettling is on top and raining down some blows. Marx is trying to keep him off with is feet, and then Ettling lands in side control. He’s going for the mount and Marx is turning. Now Ettling has his back, but he’s high. He might get bucked off.
I have posted before that I am one of those people that strangers come up to and spill their guts without knowing you the hell I am. I am okay with that for the most part. I am really not a people person and kind of give that look like, "Oh I'm sorry did I look interested?"
Well, every parent have parents too.. so of course I have grandparents. I didn’t live in a very close geographical locate to either side, as a result I didn’t see either of them as often as I would have liked. But I enjoyed my visits with them.
For my second card, I used Patsy Eastereggs. Again, printed on Make It Colour paper and colored with Copics. You'll see that I'm still loving the glitter :-)
A dream unthreatened by the morning light
The mission of BJBRS is to help these delicious bits of Easter candy realize their true potential: to bring mouth-watering joy to those who will consume them. Each black jelly bean surrendered to BJBRS will be stroked and complimented and loved.
Applications are invited for a permanent lectureship or senior lectureship in Japanese Studies. The post will be based within the subject area of East Asian Studies in the School of Arts, Languages, and Cultures.
BAGHDAD — A suicide bomber driving a car packed with explosives attacked a checkpoint in front of the Iraqi Interior Ministry on Monday morning, killing five, wounding 39 and roiling a country unsettled by a political crisis and a wave of deadly bombings just days ago.
1 package tandoori naan bread (2 are in a package)
It’s got nothing to do with wanting a boy in the traditional sense—that somehow it’s our duty in life as women to birth sons and have male offspring and all that.
Abby laughed and scooped up his hand again to kiss it. Then she bent forward and kissed his swollen lips. Her body tingled with sudden elation. "I'll kiss whatever you want. I thought you were dead. That thing had stepped on your head--"
Noise-induced stress and its potential interference with the endocrine system has been hypothesized to be a possible risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes.
I saw you walk in silent beauty like the night
By Kevin C
For those at the table who actually like fish it was pretty good.
It was fun to reminisce about some of these experiences while completing the project, and I received some valuable design advice from the twins who were home recovering from the stomach flu the day I finished it. Now, it hangs on the wall in our bedroom as witness to where we've been together and a promise for where we someday hope to go!
Full Sail Brewing Company / Tasting Room and Pub Session Lager
I have to say, this is one of those throwaway statements that I have heard alot since Katie joined us. My friend, who is quoted above, is right. In what way are children lucky to have experienced the things that they have in their lives? The damage that has been caused that they will often spend their lives overcoming. No they are not lucky but hopefully, now that they have been adopted, they will be able to live the sort of life all children deserve to have. We are the lucky ones to have such wonderful and amazing children in our lives. I am certainly very lucky to be a mum. I never thought I would be.
Obnoxious marketing makes my heart sink, and rather than tough out the the heart sink, I’ve trained myself to mute the ad, turn away from it, shut it out. But I always have to see it first. Obnoxious marketing causes such a heart sink because of the undercurrent of meaning beneath the message. It is a cold, uncaring message, pretending to be our friend, foisted on our populace by an insatiable corporate structure, bent on an untenable permanent growth curve, ever hungry for more resources, commodifying the human spirit for short term gain, nested in an image designed to sneak into our sensorium.
Talk to you soon!
Reading! I loved to read and still do.
The comforting arm of night,
I know, right? Bliss. The song La Javenese describes my day today...though I haven't a clue what it is saying. The mood. The mood of the song has been the mood of this day.
It is the first time the World Cup is being held on African soil.
The Israeli government’s hasty and aggressive posture following the Delhi bombing has caused offense in the Indian capital. Officials in Delhi have made plain that India will not be recruited into the anti-Iran alliance under Israeli–U.S. pressure. India will not allow “Washington, the Jewish lobby and much of Europe to push the country into a corner” over Iran. How India conducts its ties with that country dating back to ancient times is its business. Furthermore, police investigations into the bombing cannot be rushed to suit external interests. The law of the land must take its course.
And so here we have even more proof of self-abuse. Don't look away: THIS IS YOUR FAULT.
But, they never satisfied me the way he does.
✈ Thank you so very much, Jooky22, for having Karen's LOST Notebook be the conduit in sharing your wonderful piece of LOST history with the world! This has been a wonderful opportunity and great fun in continuing my LOST journey.
hugs Janie xxx
Teach them to slice and peel safely.
Opening up my inbox this AM, seeing 5 notes about the same topic – AGAIN – started to build some frustration. After all the “oh boy”.. “again”.. “sigh” and a fresh coffee I read the questions again and realized that there is a big chance for recycling.
Iván Meade - What would be your dream project?
And will you ask Jesus to show you how you can “create” and bring restoration in other’s lives.
“Why did you do that to your sister?”
Today, from a philosophical standpoint, I’m what I think of as a ‘backsliding’ Objectivist. Objectivism is a philosophy developed by the late novelist Ayn Rand. She believed that, aware of it or not, each of us has a philosophy of life that is behind our every thought and action. This acts as the main survival tool for cognitive beings such as ourselves, who aren’t equipped with the instinctual responses of animals and, therefore, should be chosen with deliberate care – because our very lives depend on it. Objectivism is her attempt to provide mankind with such a philosophy. Simply stated, and in the best language I can muster, Objectivism is the philosophy of absolute freedom and it’s corollary, absolute responsibility – it is the philosophy of the free.
this is what stung me, bald faced hornets....(picture taken from the internet)
I turned around and you were stood at the edge of the trees, waving to me. You turned and walked into the trees.
Challenge #8 has been set by the wonderful Lesley and her challenge for you is....
Today is my birthday again, and I can’t believe that it’s been a full decade since April 29, 2002. That little activity and the stories my siblings and parents shared has had a great affect on my thinking about the work that I do.
However, overall, I would give this book a 4 out of 5 stars. It is a very unique book, with lots of practical advice that some people might not think of on their own (or would've had taught to them by someone in their life). If you need a "fresh start" in organizing your kitchen/pantry areas, or a lesson in planning meals and buying food in advance, then you may want to read this book!
For those of you who haven’t rag tied and curled your hair – you jsut get some rags and roll your hair around it, then tie it. For me and my sudden inspiration I cut up a pair of pajama pants, then set about curling it all up. It is a great look as you can see ( it gets better trust me), then you just fall asleep. Something I am very good at, so good that I over slept. I woke up at 7.30 and had to untie them all (something a bit tricky when you are still half asleep) so I could deal with this lovely looking thing.
Within a day or so of arriving in India there was to be an evening function - Mum's very first. Bearing in mind that she had led quite a sheltered life, plus the fact that her family were strict Wesleyan Methodists and teetotal, an evening cocktail party must have seemed very daunting. She dressed very carefully in her best new clothes, right down to a 'girdle' and silk stockings. Now that in itself shows Mum's innocence, she hadn't expected those hot tropical evenings but still thought one should be properly attired. Then, feeling very nervous, she asked Dad if she would be expected to have a drink - and if so what. Dad said she should have whatever she fancied but the main rule was NOT to mix her drinks, stick to exactly the same drink all evening was his advice - then off they trotted.
No, seriously. Where have you been? My site stats are woefully low and the only thing I can think is that you’ve lost interest in me and have abandoned me for some lesser blog like The Bloggess or Momastery for goodness sake. Sniff.
Donations will be accepted at Bridge Cleaners & Tailors located at 204 Livingston Street, along with other locations around Brooklyn, including the office of Council Member Letitia James - located at 67 Hanson Place at the corner of South Elliott Place.
In Shanghai, I’d the opportunity to taste many delicacies. The city is huge and Chinese culture is so old that I doubt I tasted even a third of them, particularly the more traditional ones. But, during my time there, a few simple examples of the ones I did try include: xiaolongbo (Shanghainese soup dumplings or steamed buns with pork), zhongi (glutanous rice wrapped in bamboo leaves), chòu dòufu (“Stinky” tofu) and chicken feet.
You have knowledge and experience the world needs. Share your gifts by teaching others through lectures, art or poetry.
in some traditional Appalachian numbers, straying a little bit in style,
