The biggest winner from this group today had to be T.J. Graham (NC State) who showed plus burst and suddenness in and out of his breaks to create separation consistently. His hands were also very good as I did not see him drop a pass today. Graham is one of the faster players in this game and could time as well as 4.3 in next month’s NFL Combine. It will be interesting to see whether Graham has just track speed or if he is really a complete football player, as he certainly looked like the former in today’s practice. Graham has built some solid momentum going into Tuesday. One player who I had highlighted as a potential small school sleeper was Appalachian State’s Brian Quick. Quick had at least 3 drops on the day and seemed a tad bit intimidated by the big stage. His routes were sloppy and he really showed little burst and acceleration in and out of his cuts. Quick tended to round off his routes and was not nearly as crisp as you would like to see as he had trouble dropping his weight to generate momentum into his breaks. Today was a disappointing practice for the small school star but it will be interesting to see how he responds to what was a lackluster and disappointing day overall. I didn’t get a very good look at the rest of the wide receiver’s but Cal’s Marvin Jones is one player who was said to have a pretty good day as he beat Dennard on a vertical route in one on ones. Ohio State’s Devier Posey had an okay practice as he showed nice route running skills in 1 on 1′s but struggled hauling and looking in passes from what I was able to gather.
Immediately to our left, pinioned to a side wall by this sonic bombardment, stands the ramrod-straight back of Captain Bill, more properly addressed as Nick Stewart, the man who signed U2 to the label. He’s alongside their perfectly suited and tied, (though, nowadays somewhat portly and slightly sweating) manager, Paul McGuinness. He’s keeping a watchful eye on his other charge – Polly Harvey… this, obviously, isn’t the time to offer up any opinion of her ‘music’.
With News Wire Services
Time has shown that those who achieve the most success in the present are those who, in the past, were considered to be ahead of the times. The curse of a failed future is reserved for those who fall behind the times. So, the question of the day is: when was the last time the life insurance industry has been described as being ahead of the times?
“IT HAS BEEN SEVEN YEARS, TO THE DAY. AS PER ORDERS, I AM PERMITTED TO ASK ONCE A YEAR. PERMISSION REQUESTED TO JETTISON ALL EXTRANEOUS ORGANIC MATTER IN ORDER TO EXTEND LIFE EXPECTANCY OF LIVING ORGANISMS ABOARD.”
Mark Lanegan Band – Ode to Sad Disco
But don't think for a minute I was going to buy some new-fangled 4-CD extravaganza with a boatload of useless extra tracks that should have never seen the light of day. No, I went to GEMM.com and picked up a used vinyl copy for a very reasonable price. It got here a few days ago.
Night #2, I did much better and didn't call any after Manning went to bed. I actually slept, too. However, I am NOT a fan of leaving my little man overnight, so we woke up bright and early and headed back to Arkansas. Since the Helen Brett Show was in Memphis on Sunday, Cody and I met up with my mom and aunt there. When I saw Manning, you would've thought I had been gone to war or something because I burst into tears and hugged and kissed all over him. It's crazy what those mommy hormones will do to you! When I got my hands on him, all was right in the world, and I guess it's needless to say that I am HAPPY to be home.
In a plate place the buns, a wedge of lime, the onion salad and a generous helping of the bhaji with a dash of lime juice and a generous blob of butter. Now if you are dieting or butter averse this dish is not for you. The real fun starts when the butter melts on top of the hot, steaming sabji, so no scrimping on the butter.
Oh, I just fell in love with the place. I felt like I was a kid trapped happily in a Wonderland of my favorite clothes, not to mention the “We Found Love” backdrop from Rihanna, which added spice to the experience. If there’s instant love – then this is it.
AND Great Small Works will present the opening event for Banners and Cranks on Sunday, June 19th, from 4 to 7:30 PM at Pier One in Brooklyn Bridge Park (rain location: the Tobacco Warehouse) in DUMBO on the Brooklyn waterfront.
3. Upon proof of claim that you know what the difference between a ‘human being’ and a ‘person’ actually is, legally speaking.
Mike – 114 (31.84%)
~Drink 4-6 oz of B.M every 3 hours
This year and every year.
There’s a difference between a love of stories and a love of storytelling. The first involves something that is a primal human urge. We all enjoy a great TV show, a brilliant movie, a funny play, an uplifting musical, an insightful documentary, a devastating news article, or an inspiring religious text. If you don’t then stop reading because you clearly aren’t human. All these examples are storytelling in action; the physical act of taking ideas, filtering it through a human brain and attempting to paint a picture. This applies to non-fiction, too. They are all an interpretation of the universe where an author has removed all the unnecessary chunks and left only the pieces needed to tell their story. How skilfully this is done determines the quality of the story. And we need this process. It doesn’t only entertain, it also enforces the ground rules for how we behave as a society. We are addicted to this process; it’s followed and shaped us from the caves to today. Humans love stories.
Now that SHINE is finished, I can imagine the future again and new ideas for books are already competing for attention in my brain. I wonder what I'm going to learn from the next one.
a major Nigerian river
2. put 2/3 cup of water and 1/4 cup of sugar in a heat-resistant bowl and mix well. add glutinous rice flour in the bowl and mix well. put the bowl in microwave and heat the dough on high for 1-2 minutes. stir the dough. heat the dough in microwave until the dough inflates. stir the mochi quickly.
Is that what you wanted. C.A.T.? … What do you mean get on with writing your new story? But I’ve got to… all right… stop nagging…
Billy Bob: Hells yeah
Llandudno Ski Slope and Snowboard Centre (has Britains longest toboggan run)
Then, there’s Loveday Mushrooms - which are readily available in every grocery store I’ve every shopped at in Manitoba. Also, they’re from Manitboa. We eat about $7.00 a week in Mushrooms right now.
been waiting centuries for
Self-publishing is no longer the literary walk of shame. Other authors, even those who have traditionally published, don’t look down at us emerging authors with disdain like we’ve accidentally tucked our skirts into our pantyhose as we walk home with our heels in our hands. Instead, they are walking alongside us (hell, maybe they would even be so kind as to tell us we’ve tucked our skirts into our hose).
I've spent a fair amount of time "schooling" Africans who make blanket generalizations about Black Americans. When the opportunity presents itself, I also try explaining to Black Americans the reasons African immigrants don't "get" structural barriers and institutionalized racism and how it still affects or limits Black Americans.
* Frank Sinatra: Mafia ties, violent, alcoholic wife-beater. ("OK, but only when he was drinking gin.")
I sometimes get the question whether I could use mohair yarn without any nylon and I asked Kamrin about that as well. Mohair needs a binder (a thread around which the mohair is spun) and that binder could be anything - cotton, polyester, nylon etc. Depending on which binder is used, it will reflect on the costs and the dying process. Usually, nylon is used because it keeps the costs low and is ideal for dyeing.
Wipe the leaves if they’re dusty to keep them clean and able to breathe. Another purpose of regular grooming is to keep an eye open for pests and diseases.
Communist Party of Greece (Marxist-Leninist)-Marxist-Leninist Communist Party of Greece (KKE (m-l)-ML KKE),
As a bread/sandwich person, I must tell you I was very pleased to get to eat this for breakfast every morning for almost a week. I would slice a piece or two from the whole loaf, cut the slices in half, toast them, then make them into sandwiches. One day I would eat the bread with fruit jams, or with peanut butter for an energy booster before I hit the gym; then another day I would take the savoury route and go with cream cheese spreads, or turn the bread into a BLT sandwich. Some days I would just eat them plain, freshly toasted and simply perfect. They go with everything or nothing, and that’s the true testament to good bread.
Really. It's a blast. It will make you, yeah, smile.
The police officer was on a motorcycle, so he called into dispatch to have them check to see if Wisconsin had a record of his license, but the dispatcher said she/he didn't have access to find that out.
What if the New York Times had taken this project seriously from the start? What if the coverage had appeared in the Metro section rather than Sports? What if one reporter had been assigned to the project before October 2005? (What if I hadn’t written a critique of the Times that appeared a month earlier?)
Level 12: MP Cost: 20, Duration: 132 seconds, ATT: +22.
By now the old legs were getting like jelly so I headed back along my original path and stopped for a breather at the first trestle bridge , sat in the creek with my feet in the ice cold water and had a Chomp , filled my water bottle up with new cold spring water and hit the scrubby bit on the way back , all the time being circled by evil looking crows
- If I’m not interested after date 1, then don’t see him again.
"You live in a dream and the dream is a cage"
P.S. Another way to push yourself to get out is to buy the Lonely Planet (or equivalent) guide to your state or region. All those insider tips can be just as useful to locals as to tourists, and it's a constant reminder on your bookshelf to get out and about.
Such a bias toward the status quo similarly infects our thinking and debate on space policy. The highest achievement in the minds of many was landing a man on the moon, and such a feat is viewed as the epitome of a human spaceflight program, and the only model to follow. Ignoring the issue of the pork, such thinking resulted in the Constellation plan (“Apollo on Steroids”) and now it’s giving us the disastrous Senate Launch System (as I discussed over at Pajamas Media yesterday). It’s what I have called the Apollo Cargo Cult — in too many minds, if we don’t have a really big rocket developed and operated by NASA, we don’t have a Real Space Program.
I'm happy to tell you I've completed another commission, for the lovely Molly over at Reviews by Molly. As my first customer since the prices remix, I'm happy to say she was a joy to work with. We had some great brainstorming going on, I tell you.
So if you are wondering about how to leverage Twitter, Facebook, blogs, forums, and the company Website to achieve your organization’s goals, perhaps you are starting from the wrong point. As with the corner store, if your business uses social media to engage in conversations on a human level, you strengthen your business and allow your strategy — both corporate and social media — to evolve based on customer feedback.
I have never been on a language course--true as I wanted to avoid the humiliation of being asked to redoubler.
Take small balls out of it and roll it thin.
Michelle puts on a jacket, then discreetly slips a can of mace into her pocket. When they get inside the gas station, the attendant locks the door, and Michelle discovers that there's nobody on the phone. The attendant pleads with her not to leave, but she thinks he's threatening her, so she maces him in the eyes, knocks out the glass in the door with the telephone, then jogs back to her car.
"Sharers" insisted they did no harm, even as record stores folded and recording artists good and bad, from Joni Mitchell to Lee DeWyse got kicked off their labels due to low sales. The domino effect meant everyone from secretaries to janitors got the boot, and thriving offices that employed hundreds and thousands of people (not just greedy CEO's and nasty rich songwriters and singers) were headed for the dole. The utter madness continued, nastier and nastier, with "here's my re-up, here's my new blog, let's make sure the bastards don't win." What bastards? The Beatles? The indie band that just put out their first album and went $50,000 in debt to do it?
He knows who I am today,
Call toll-free (887) 484-4673 to register.
The highlight of the book for me was the final chapter in which Tomalin tells us how the diaries went undiscovered for so long and how it wasn’t until the 1970s that they were published in full. I just found it amazing that they sat in a book shelf un read for so long.
Here is a little game I came up with this week (mine is not done so I can't show you photos yet) You can make a spinner for this game. Or you can make it out of some jars or like containers. You can make this anyway you want to. It is for you and what inspires you. I am going to explain my version and you come up with one that will help you get out of that creative block.
I will be teaching the 10 part mini Course in Elements 9. It is self-paced. Feel free to come and go as your schedule allows! You can even come to class in your pj's! :)
Why should you advertise on Because I Said So/Because I Said So Reviews? Word-of-mouth exposure to many! My readers are moms. I average more than 8000 hits a day.
1 pineapple, cut into chunks
I mentioned al-Qa’ida in the context of terrorist organisations, referring to the ‘official’ rhetoric view. In my, and some other researchers opinion al-Qa’ida, like Black Bloc, is a way of working, not an actual organisation or group.
She is my future, my past. She is me and no one I know. He is every man I have ever met and every man I will avoid. He is what I will teach my son not to be. And in some other realm, I see her and she is free. She is without shackles and without daggers. She owns her essence and is euphoric in splendor of possibility. And there will be one, one to defy all others. One to touch her cheek and melt away those stains. He will whisper and elevate. She will taste the salt of tears seasoned with wonder.
Yesterday, I missed Fridge Friday. I am going to blame it on the fact that I no longer have a fridge in my kitchen. Yes. That's right. I don't have a fridge...sort of.
Kesta smiles at him apologetically. “Sorry.”
Fast forward to today. I woke up feeling achy and feverish. I couldn't believe it. On Thursday I am scheduled to travel to Utah for a blogging conference, which trip will be the first I've taken without the kids in over a decade. I needed to avoid this illness going full-throttle at all costs, so I decided to do almost nothing the entire day.
N-AUGHT-Y
Well, I’ll point to my recent piece listing the numerous opponents, including two former Black Panthers, who hardly fit Green’s stereotypes.
Grilling: This is the method with which most people are familiar. It is the method of cooking food hot and fast on your grill. Burgers, chicken, steak, and seafood are typically grilled, but you can also grill vegetables and even fruit.
This young man was a gifted student, a university graduate, and a linguist, speaking four languages fluently. Unable to secure a role related to his degree, he turned to teaching as a source of income.
Gary was the town plumber. He’d show up with his tools and cassette player, and we knew to disappear. First he’d put on an opera and turn it up good and loud so the music would drown out his curses as he tried to unscrew pipes or clean out sewer lines.
David S. Berry, 43, New York, N.Y.
Greetings from your blogger deprived of decent internet for several weeks and now back to the wonders of broadband! I hope you've all had a great summer (for those in the UK, in spite of the weather!). I've spent several weeks in my beloved homeland of Wales, and this year the internet via the dongle has been worse than ever up the mountain, I don't know why - the weather hasn't been bad ALL the time, but the connection certainly has: maybe the signal strength is the same as it was but more people on those lovely heather-covered mountains are trying to use it at the same time.
That I whisper to myself and my guitar?
Illustrations: 4 out of 5
I need to do this quickly because postie has just arrived with my parcel from The Ribbon Girl
25. Birdsong - Sebastian Faulks
a. Pleasant – pleasing
Marco Rubio, Eric Cantor, Paul Ryan, Rand Paul, Allen West, and Michelle Bachmann all said something brilliant, conservative and true today. They were promptly ignored by everyone.
and i think there is only one left (eeek!) but more will come to those who wait ;)
Guitar player with Red Hot Chili Peppers, formerly of Janes Addiction, vegan
I don’t much see that spirit of brotherhood and love anymore. The traditional Holi is restricted to some areas only like the famous Bruj ki holi, kumaun ki holi and Benaras ki holi.
By Fax
“That’s how we sell most of our eggs and with the extras we just sell them to people in the neighborhood,” said Ayer. “There are a lot of people in the neighborhood who want them.”
Ciao.
More than ever, Malaysians must show they will not back down to such crass bullying.
I can hear my name.
Van Damme doesn't dance in this movie, unfortunately, but he does wear some hideous clothing including some near Daisy Duke length khaki shorts and a tan shirt with fucking pleated shoulders. Attention is drawn to this fashion travesty by the fact that he is on the deck of a moving ship and the wind is lifting said pleats, putting them on display in all their glory. I can only assume that he had trouble standing with all the added drag. At least put that shit on the back so he stays aerodynamic when he is kicking ass, you know?
It was on Thursday that the curfew was clamped on the town following clashes between two communities. An 18-year-old youth, Jaspal Singh, was killed as the police opened fire to “disperse” the mob.
the slight incline and came to rest then rolled slowly back towards the town.
Too often this sounds over simplistic, but
Let’s return, then, to God’s Love, Power, and Fatherhood, and address some of the issues raised by their abstraction. As we do this we must keep in mind that because of the one-way ladder we can never work from human definitions upwards, but must always work from God’s self-revelation to us. We do not know what ‘Love’ truly is, except by gazing at God in Christ. And that means human love is an utterly insufficient platform from which to make determinations about God. From God’s perspective, however, the purest expression of His Love, revealed to us, is the Cross—a very different picture of love than what we would choose! But it is one that in its severity and costliness makes some sense of a doctrine of Hell. We do not know what ‘Power’ is except by looking at God in Christ, and what we see in him is a person who rejected earthly power in favor of Heavenly submission. Christ’s power meant submitting to the will of God, that is, to crucifixion. Once again, this is profoundly opposed to our human definition of power! Thus, the Power of God is revealed in the submission of Christ to the plan of God—that is, power revealed in self-limitation to the constraints of God’s character. In this way, the question of the stone-too-heavy-to-lift is brought into focus as an absurdity. It is based on an abstraction of power that is separated from God’s character—as if God could violate Himself! Lastly, we don’t know what Fatherhood is except by looking at the Son and the Father in relationship. And here we come to see that the Fatherhood of God sets the parameters for His mission to the world—to bring His beloved children home to Him. And thus God is the One “from whom all Fatherhood in heaven and on earth derives its name” (Eph 3:15). Our idea of ‘Father’ must be informed by God, and not the other way round.
The answer is yes and no. How's that for clarity!
He then told me that this downturn in the economy will pass.
You will speak in love and wisdom
This is the west edge of the area. The grass is in our neighbors' yard. Under the basket is a leadplant. The beautyberry bush was already planted a few years ago. I moved some joe pye weed from the east front bed next to it. I have volunteers coming up in the tubs, but have also moved some marigolds that self sowed in our garden last year to some of the tubs.
Oscar's daddy told me that while we were away he took Oscar to Halford's to get a pair of wiper blades. Oscar led the way and told his daddy that he'd find the man to ask. Apparently he went running off and found "the man" . "Excuse me," he said, "have you got a pair of errrm......." ".......curtains?" well, wiper blades are pretty difficult words to remember at three!
On a tour of the White House, the first couple are shown the State Dining Room. I wonder if she is examining the curtains? Look at that molding!!! Abraham Lincoln is gazing down here – can you imagine living with such art work?
You decide after reading the following text convo between us earlier this week, and keep in mind the man never texts anything more than one or two letter words…and here he is having an actual conversation with me.
4.) Would you recommend indie publishing to authors should they get tired of rejection letters? Why or why not?
Of such a sadistic display…
If the image is the same size or larger than the header art, 1000 x 288 pixels for the Twenty-Eleven WordPress Theme, it displays the image the width of the slider area making it a background image with the post title over it. No post text is displayed, only the post title, so make it a good one.
The amazing soundtrack was created by Dungeon Hall of Famer André Brummer, working once again as Henri Price! André's credits include films on our all-time favourites list, "The Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and Became Mixed-Up Zombies!!?" and "Eegah!!" This was his last film! I have no idea who is singing that crazy song!
Confusion and shock to this obviously aggressive question. The interviewer tries to move on quickly but Tarantino, quite surprisingly, calmly says, "No, no, I want to understand his question", and turning to the guy, "What do you mean?".
One of my new habits for 2012 includes 86ing the creamer in my coffee. Which for some strange reason, makes me want more coffee. And when I have more than one cup of coffee, I become like the Tazzy Devil, cleaning and organizing. Which is not a bad thing. Take for instance what I was able to do with a trip to Wally world and a couple of hours:
Cut it back!
And the upside is it doesn't take too long to get to the airport to catch a plane and when friends come to visit we get to see them that much sooner as it doesn't take too long for them to get to our place.
I thought it might be helpful to provide further clarification on the situation at the Bath, and a bit more thought on the upcoming arrangement for Thornbridge to run it.
Records — Fox Lane 8-1; Carmel 6-4
- Cable TV
Sorry to spoil it, but I’ve been reading though some of the tedious crap of political news with a view to deciding who to vote for and I have to confess that the price of my lovely lout or even pubs & beer, are far from the list of issues I’ll be deciding upon. I’ll be deciding upon what I think is best for my overall prosperity over the next few years on the basis that I’d like to remain employed, keep a roof over my head and have a quid or two to enjoy myself.
Here we go with Day 2, The Computer Desk:
As I neared the store, I gave myself a little mental pep-talk. You can do this, I said to myself. A pair of jeans do not define you. But all of that quickly flew out the window when I walked in and was accosted by 10 different long-haired, 19-year-old, sales associates, all asking me if I “needed help with my denim ”
Swish through the long grass of the Savannah,
My Ultrasound of the Thyroid came back and I have a multi-nodule goiter. I had blood work done this morning dealing with the thyroid and will be going to an Endocrinologist in the future , most likely for a needle biopsy to check for malignancy.
I posted earlier. It's my sister! And she's having her baby in about 2 weeks! I'm SO excited for her to have a girl. She will LOVE having a girl. Girls are fun and I should know since I have 3 of them!
And there will be cookies. So when you come back, be sure to have some milk with you.
By 1970, their mordant humor and their mastery of stereophonic recording techniques had made them to their generation of 20-somethings what Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert are to today’s (if Mr. Colbert and Mr. Stewart had a weakness for literary wordplay, psychedelic references and jokes about the Counter-Reformation).
It also represents a scientific breakthrough in non-invasive preventative health care observation, test or screening of the blood and health and well-being of the whole body and its twelve individual body systems.
Harvey later invited us back for an equally memorable screening of How the West Was Won and, not long after, he began concentrating his energies setting up his own 146-degree curved-screen process at a local movie house, the Dabel (pronounced “day-bell”) in Dayton. We went to a few of those pictures but the effect, while interesting, wasn’t nearly as awe-inspiring as his home set-up.
Scott Edleman – The Man He Had Been Before
At 2:00 am my son-in-law phoned to tell me she’d gotten up from bed (while still asleep) and taken a header down the stairs. She was pretty banged up, with a cut upper lip (thankfully no broken teeth) and painful bruises on her chest and scrapes on her legs.
It is my happiness to unveil this cover for my brand-new story to you! In the coming months, I will be revealing more about the novel, so please stay tuned. And if you would like to help spread the word on your blog, leave me a comment with your email.
SURPRISE!! Pictures! Working on a header.....which at the rate we are losing the camera it might be the header going into spring!
Now!
This tour is iOS for now, but soon it will be available for Android.
vucubcaquix: It’s a date.
Already predicting who the DUI boys are. #oneforone
Also last weekend, the kids had their spring recital. It was such a gorgeous day and they did such a great job that we celebrated with some gelato afterwards. . . and a little more lounging around outside.
Look what arrived in my mailbox!
What's real romance for you?
Pennsylvania
If you haven’t read A Whisper to a Scream—I totally recommend it as a perfect read for getting in the Halloween mood!!!—Lauren is an author who always knows how to give me the creeps (in a good way!)!!! ;)
Did a paper pattern of the shells - to see where it would look best to glue them on. See the shell to the right. You need to have a bit of a visual idea so the paper helps.
Here's the thing. I am by no means an authority on everything. I've only made it 30 years in this world so far. But, I have been through some things. Some awful things. And for every single one of those 30 years, Jesus has been with me. He officially took up residence in my heart when I was eight years old. He was with me through everything. Even when I pushed away. He was there when I was hurt, when I was in pain, when I was the one doing the offending. So, I can say with authority that forgiveness benefits you, yourself, first and foremost, and then it benefits the offender.
Catholic Voices
01/09/2012 BUY 0.01 audnzd 1.30351
“For my very heavy wetter I used to have to use 3 inserts in order to stay dry all night. It worked though! I didn't need to get a nighttime specific diaper. The boy-fold was also very helpful.”
Since I was on a roll, I decided to make some shamrock shaped ones as well!
I would work with the people and encourage free trade, and try to set a standard here where countries in Central America or South America or any place in the world would want to emulate us and set the standards that we have. Unfortunately, sometimes we slip up on our standards and we go around the world and we try to force ourselves on others.
Stored in a sealable container in the fridge it should keep for at least 3 days - that's if you don't eat it all at once!
Bullets mass and powder charge are both denominated in grains, abbreviated as gr.
The so-called deterrent effect is one of the main arguments in favor of capital punishment. I’ve argued many times before that the data we have don’t support the existence of this effect. Some of the data even suggest the possibility that instead of a deterrent effect, capital punishment has a brutalization effect (because it sends out the normative message that violent retaliation is the normal response to ill-treatment and that the sanctity of life is a naive moral ideal).
As far as her coursework, the best thing she can do is to major in English and/or Creative Writing. This is by no means a prerequisite for working in publishing, but it is certainly the most relevant major. Having a legal background (particularly entertainment law) is also good preparation for becoming an agent, since a good portion of what agents do involves deal-making and lengthy contracts.
The evening went better than Suzanne could have imagined; they had so much in common, and felt like they could talk to each other about anything. Because they had spent the past two weeks building up their relationship over the phone, they already felt like best friends. They both had a good feeling about this.
I have absolutely no aptitude for languages--very true.
So how can we apply this in our own writing?
The child mentioned above told the truth: She did not like school. She did not want to go to school. When her mother could not or would not hear that truth, the child did what she needed to do to get her needs met: she faked being sick. Then her mother got angry. There is a good chance that the mom's anger was stemming from her conflict between being a good mother and meeting her child's needs, and being the good mother the school system told her to be and sending her child to school. Perhaps she also needed to get to work and was feeling stress from that as well.
I have been thinking for months about starting to do some self-published eBooks through Amazon and/or other sites. Recently, I decided to go ahead and take the plunge.
“Fragrance is about emotion, storytelling and aspiration,” Betsy Olum, HSN’s general manager of beauty, said in a canned statement. “HSN gives our partners a platform to tell their story and really engage with their fans. We are thrilled that Eva has chosen to debut her latest fragrance with HSN.”
Happy Fall! Dee2
The festival will spread its wide array of events over four "grounds": "The Holy Ground", or the heart of the festival, which is where the main stage will be located, featuring house and progressive DJs; "The Solid Ground", where you will find the diehard dance fans and in 14 different areas music will be played non-stop, including the newest craves in electronic music; "The High Ground", where hard dance style will be the main theme; and the "Secret Ground", the place for trance music with the presence this year of star DJ Armin van Buuren.
On 27th March 1906 Bolden was arrested on suspicion of insanity after attacking his mother in law at his home. Although he was promptly released his depression took the better of him within the following months. He was eventually committed to the Insane Asylum in Jackson, Luisiana aged only 26 where he spent the rest of his life never touching the cornet again.
It helps if you can leave a way for me to contact you, too!
I once read an interview with Roger Waters, where he said something like, ‘We didn’t really come together musically until Meddle’. And you can hear the turning point in the overall sound of this album. Without this evolution we would probably not have had the masterpiece that is Dark Side of the Moon, where it went beyond together into a place I’m not sure I can describe. Go out today and get yourself a copy of Meddle, it is still an amazing album both in terms of musical talent and production. There’s so much depth to this wonderful album.
empty my mind
Any wanna be landscapers out there that would like give me some suggestions?????
Garlic cloves- 4, roughly chopped
I literally jazz-hand-ed and shimmied all over my living room.
Sometimes I just get upset because people don’t understand what its like. That it feels like when you have muscle and bone aches from the flu or food poisoning only ALL THE TIME. I mean all the time. And it infects everything you do. Every thought, every motion. And after 4 years of being on Vicodin 2 does not even come close to the way 1 affected me when I first started. 1 (and even 2 when I had to move up) used to get rid of the pain. All of it. Now 2 just takes the edge off. I’m able to function at like 80% instead of 50%. And now I’m getting told I’m taking too many. Bull. I’m 10 days short. That’s it. It’s not like I finished off 2 months worth in like 3 weeks. No. 10 days because I’ve been taking 3 every few days.
Why their tears are falling so?---
We went to The Lowry last night to help John Cleese pay his ex-wife $20m alimony.
I also have another hat started for my Mom, a cabled slouch beret. Socks for me, I have started another pair because I put my first one's down for so long I couldn't remember what I was doing and I lost the pattern. A wash cloth for the Knitabulls May Knit Along and 2 projects for my new swap partner in the Tiny Owl group.
Location: New Rochelle, NY
On hand for the festivities were Atlanta Beat professional women’s soccer players as well as musician Scott England, who performed music from his new CD, Sanctuary.
through thin clouds,
Go and make them. Trust me you'll love them!
I ordered samples and lo and behold they had a color that matched my current counter top identically. Then I started thinking a little more. How cute would it be to have the same design of my wallpaper cut into the corners of the counter top in pale green? Look for this later this summer.
This is a lesson that many organizations have to learn as they transition from offline marketing to leveraging social computing.
A fewof my art friends saw my present the night I made it and thought it was amazing. I'm glad it turned out the way I wanted it to and that Kim truely appreciated how much work went into making it. I think she was pretty much amazed that I had made it for her!
I think there is something to taking one’s time and reflecting when writing stories.. I know that when I write–I take my time.. at least before I start writing. I require a lot of thought before writing.. a lot of organization and processing.. and rushing this does not ever help things.. but then once I do start writing–it comes out pretty fast. Is this rushing? Overall, it may just depend on the process one uses to write….
had on the 22nd December
Can't get enough WKU? You can read nine WKU recaps spanning games in November through the end of regular season via the 800 Games Project over at the Midmajority.
For entirely too many kids, college is just them pissing away their parents’ money whilst partying and screwing, and making connections to get jobs later on; the degree is just superfluous cake icing. They stay in school for degree level after degree level till they’ve put off the real world for as long as they could milk it and leave with a doctorate in Art Appreciation.
They're coming to get you-- ZOMBIES! Edited and designed by Eisner winner Craig Yoe with an introduction by the host of the popular "The Horrors of It All" vintage comics blog, Steve "Karswell" Banes (that's me!), Zombies follows in the footsteps of the "Dick Briefer''s Frankenstein" and "Bob Powell''s Terror" as the third not-to-be-missed book in The Chilling Archives of Horror Comics!
Is this showing?
This experience is hard to convey in text to people who’ve never played Diablo. Ask anyone who has if they remember their first time being killed by him. It’s sudden, surprising, and scary. It’s probably your first character death. He does a huge amount of damage, stuns you, and holds you in melee range. He has a loud yell the moment you open the door, an elaborate bloody apron, and a ridiculously-sized cleaver. You’re mostly likely dead before you take in everything that’s happening. And for some reason, it’s the one moment that makes everyone’s eyes briefly glass over in nostalgia.
This is the stuff of fantasy, Fitton thinks.
Our showcase shows will feature a shuffle of the following comics:
Bear in mind that this is something that is based on a child’s developmental stage which may or may not be linked with their age and you know your child and more importantly weighing up what you are comfortable with for your child.
Identity fraud spiked in 2011, in part because of unsafe social media and mobile behaviors. Smartphone users are about one-third more likely than the general public to be victims of identity fraud. About 7% of smartphone owners were identity-fraud victims last year, according to “Identity Fraud Report: Social Media and Mobile Forming the New Fraud Frontier” by Javelin Strategy & Research (MarketWatch.com March 26).
At least I have a valid excuse. Not all of my hobbies are related to theatre. My dear Mrs. Porter, for the better part of the last couple of decades, has been the Vendor Coordinator and Hotel Liaison for PantheaCon; one of the largest gatherings of those espousing alternative, Earth-based religions in the country. I serve as her second, and I assist her in many of the preparations for the event. I've been heavily preoccupied with that. From the Thursday before Presidents' Day weekend, until the Tuesday after it, we are holed-up in the Doubletree Hotel in San Jose with 2000 pagans, wiccans, and heathens of every description. The rigors of herding that many free-spirited cats can be pretty exhausting.
* The flag is actually that of the State of Mississippi, but you get my point.
I’m sure you mean well, DMV, and you mean to keep bad driver’s off the streets of hard hit Jersey. And when I say hard hit, I am partially referring to those in economic despair, but also those that are hard hit by the tanning booths, as well as the innocent bystander’s eyes which are hard hit by neon orange skin. The fact is, NJ is known for having some less than awesome driving happening on its roads. We’re also known for charging people at toll booths for every 7 inches they move. Of course 7 inches is an exaggeration, but the concept is the same. Point being- NJ is not perfect and I know it. I’m trying to change it, lots of people are trying to change it, but we shall see how much change actually happens.
Then in the early evening hours, some of us went on a walk through an enchanted forest. Yes, enchanted. It was wonderful. We had delightful conversation and walked for what felt like 10 minutes even though we were out for over an hour. As we returned, we felt our stomachs making way for something a bit more. Mom made a delicious pizza dip that we enjoyed with chips and bread. We also had some slivers of cheesecake. A surprising combination of deliciousness!
Upon first looking at the station, I was surprised that they are even allowed to operate out of it—especially with a portion of the building being condemned in the spring of 2008 due to lead paint, mold, and asbestos. The only non-eye sores at the location were the two beautiful fire engines and the American flag hanging proud!
I don't know. I'm beyond thrilled to he trying so soon. I'm beyond thrilled that this option is even available to us. I'm angry that my body can no longer do what it's supposed to do and what comes naturally for everyone else is going to cost me a small fortune.
The U.S. Army accommodated me right after I graduated by inviting me to join its ranks. Well, "invitation" is not exactly the way it was phrased. It turned out to be a far better education than I might have gotten anywhere else.
My feeble call to Eryn through clenched teeth sounded guttural, but I feared startling the vermin into doing the unspeakable. If Eryn didn't wake and come to my rescue, time promised to march a thousand years with me in the same fossilized position, roach-rammed into catatonia. The signpost was up ahead. Next stop, the Twilight Zone.
What was your role with múm and what did you get out of the experience?
I was notorious for this in college. Around finals time, my house would be spotless because I’d much rather clean than study. A big paper due this week? I’ll just do all my laundry while I read over my notes. Oh, since I’m down here in the kitchen, I might as well start something for dinner. Now that dinner’s over, it’s time to wash every dish we own. Oh my laundry’s done. Well, now I have to fold everything and put it away. What? It’s midnight already? But I haven’t even started! Oh well. I’ll get to it tomorrow. And I’d start the whole process over the next day, finding bathrooms to clean and closets to rearrange, until finally, the night before the paper was due, I’d be busting out 15 pages at 3am, just praying I’d get it done in time for my 8am class, and cursing myself for waiting so long.
-Dina Manzo, The Real Housewives of New Jersey
We have to quit waiting for the perfect moment to worship Christ: for the moment when we understand it all or when it all makes sense or when things are better or we can see His blessing. We miss opportunities to worship Christ because we’re caught up in our own causes, desires and plans. Just like the disciples worried about staying alive, keeping their ministry intact and stealing money, we worry about how God isn’t giving us what we want, doing what makes sense to us or working according to our plans. If Judas had grasped the worth of the person sitting at his table, he certainly wouldn’t have been worried about money. And if we could recognize the inherent goodness of Christ, we wouldn’t be worried about much else in our lives either.
“And they gave for My food gall, and in My thirst they gave Me vinegar to drink” (ver. 22). This was done indeed to the letter. And the Gospel declareth this to us. But we must understand, brethren, that the very fact that I found not comforters, that the very fact that I found not one that together should be made sorrowful, this was My gall, this to Me was bitter, this was vinegar: bitter because of grief, vinegar because of their old man. For we read, that to Him indeed gall was offered, as the Gospel speaketh; but for drink, not for food. Nevertheless, we must so take and consider that when fulfilled, which here had been before predicted, “They gave for My food gall:” and in that very action, not only in this saying, we ought to seek for a mystery, at secret things to knock, to enter the rent veil of the Temple, to see there a Sacrament, both in what there hath been said and in what there hath been done. “They gave,” He saith, “for My food gall:” not the thing itself which they gave was food, for it was drink: but “for food they gave it.” Because already the Lord had taken food, and into it there had been thrown gall. But He had taken Himself pleasant food, when He ate the Passover with His disciples: therein He showed the Sacrament of His Body. Unto this food so pleasant, so sweet, of the Unity of Christ, of which the Apostle maketh mention, saying, “For one bread, One Body, being many we are;” unto this pleasant food who is there that addeth gall, except the gainsayers of the Gospel, like those persecutors of Christ? For less the Jews sinned in crucifying Him walking on earth, than they that despise Him sitting in Heaven. That which then the Jews did, in giving above the food which He had already taken that bitter draught to drink, the same they do that by evil living bring scandal upon the Church: the same do embittered heretics, “But let them not be exalted in their own selves.” They give gall after so delectable meat. But what doth the Lord? He admitteth them not to His Body. In this mystery, when they presented gall, the Lord Himself tasted, and would not drink. If we did not suffer them, neither at all should we taste: but because it is necessary to suffer them, we must needs taste. But because in the members of Christ such sort cannot be, they can be tasted, received into the Body they cannot be. “And they gave for My food gall, and in My thirst they gave Me vinegar to drink.” I was thirsting, and vinegar I received: that is, for the faith of them I longed, and I found oldness.
I hope it is not Barley, Chilli, Hemp seeds, Candies, Black Rice, Food for canaries, Brain sandwich, Sugar or Hay. (No, are you nuts?)
The name ‘May’ is from the ancient belief in MAIA, the Greek goddess of spring/growth. In Greek mythology, Maia is one of the Pleiades and the mother of Hermes. Maia is one of the four yearly ‘Sabbaths’ as they are called, and Beltane is a rite of spring/ birth/fertility considered as the blossoming of life, personified by the union of the goddess and the sun god. Beltane is an Irish term meaning ‘great fire’. [14]
Second: The Prime Minister-designate shall undertake the naming of the members of his Council of Ministers within a period not to exceed thirty days from the date of his designation.
just nothing to share yet.
Rel stumbled, his legs unable to decide between keeping their steady pace to avoid offending the other man's pride or hurrying over to him in solicitude. By the time Rel righted himself, the question was largely moot, and he knelt with as much grace as he could muster at Rissad's side. Awkwardly aware of the frustrated anger behind Rissad's pain, Rel fell back on manners; he gave the injured man a stiff nod. "Gatemaker. I'm Relvin Atcar, Clearseer-"
Here's MaMaw's close up. I love cute images, but I kinda like that she is not a cutesy one. I don't know what it is, but there's just something about her that makes me go awww. I know I am strange!! lol
Chicago’s GOOSE ISLAND BREWING made a series of complex Belgian ales in simple packages this past year or two, and dubbed them all with fancy European names like JULIET, MATILDA, PERE JACQUES and this one we’ll be discussing today, SOFIE. This beer looks and tastes like a tripel, and bursts out of the bottle in a total explosion of foam, as you shall observe here. I got tired of waiting for it to calm down, so I snapped my picture, sat down for dinner, then came back to collect the beer five minutes later.
Here at Ad Contrarian World Headquarters we've had a great deal of fun over the years poking fun at Pepsi. I'm happy to say that it looks like we will have many more years of hilarity ahead of us.
Me: OK, I will see if we can find one
And so ensures a memorable journey that shows off the weapons of war created in this steampunked alternative past. Dreadnought shows much of the America that Priest envisioned with Boneshaker. We travel from Virgina across North America to Washington Territory by foot and river boat to airship and train. Much of the time in the South is cut short so only some glimpses of places are had, but the story does show how fractured the country still is because of the war.
You've tried. You've valiantly stood outside my apartment building scanning for satellites with your best "beam me up, Scotty" smile only to then realize you were out of batteries and not up for a run. Sure, I'd had my energy all sorted with shot blocks but I'd forgotten to charge you. Other times I'd be a few miles into a run when I realized I'd left part of you - the heart monitor! - at home.
Moore is very familiar with Tulsa Golden Hurricane basketball.
My son Henry and my hubby, back in 2000. I don't know what was so funny to Henry,
That made me kind of sad, because I can see how an ebook reader would allow older people to still enjoy books that they might have a hard time reading because the font is too small. The Nook and Kindle are both very easy to use, also. The iPad is a bit more difficult to use and you need a computer, but it was easy enough for my mom to learn to use it once I set up her wireless connection for her.
Brooklyn Dodgers? Never heard of ‘em. Could you imagine these words coming from born and bred Brooklynites? Inconceivable, right? Think again.
Some years after visiting the elephant sanctuary I had a call from the parents of a school friend to say that she had been on a safari in Africa and had been trampled by a rogue elephant. She survived but the way she spoke about the experience afterwards was as if she had collided with an ancient God-like force. It is rare for an elephant to attack a human in this way, but I think that our fascination with elephants in life and mythology is because of this combination of potential power and gentleness (despite the enormous size of their feet, an elephant’s footfall can hardly be heard).
It's 3am. The night sky listens in awe
Fleur de sel/Maldon sea salt
We're captive on the carousel of time
sugar kisses, sugar kisses
I’ve made God in the image of my earthly father. I’ve let what happened to me shape my view of him. I need to repent. I want to see and know him for who he really is.
(3) Enter your credit card details/log into your paypal account and follow the instructions.
Firstly, because in my years of teaching experience, nothing excited reluctant readers as much as Harry. Children who would ordinarily have baulked at reading read him. Then they went on to read other fantasy; Narnia, Diana Wynne Jones, Eva Ibbotson, Jenny Nimmo's Snow Spider trilogy, Susan Cooper's The Dark is Rising series and Philip Pullman.
Can you imagine Stockport Council, nominating themselves for an award for how they handled the media over the death of 11-year-old Sam Linton at Offerton High School? It’s unthinkable. Why then, do we do it? Apart from an almost pathological desire to squeeze any kind of praise from even the most appalling mess up, I really cannot fathom the answer.
Painful as it may be, with the current roster, the Penguins may have to consider running a similar set against teams that they cannot sustain a forecheck against, such as Philadelphia. “Defense” and “trap” are dirty words in Pittsburgh, but unless the Pens get a talent infusion on the lower lines, it may be a necessary evil to hang with Philadelphia and teams like them.)
05
He reminds them that it's ok to be young ...
SUNDERLAND
Now going with enlightening insanity
The last one is an experiment to see if I could deconstruct (I cut it into sections) a photo and put it back together as a collage. It worked pretty good but if you look close you might see an error or two I made putting it back together. It is the same photo I used in the first collage.
no sound has ever risen, no
To book by phone, please reference booking code VVG for Disney Value Resorts and G2Y for all other resorts.
Across from the Guthrie County Court House is the city library. I don’t recall why we were at the courthouse, but we saw the sign for the library sale and went in. I picked up this old novel by Chaim Potok, The Book of Lights. I put it in the bookcase at the lake. That was over two years ago. Last week I opened that book. What a treasure! As I recall, the book cost me fifty cents… for a treasure I’d stumbled on and hid in a bookcase, not really knowing its value.
Don't forget to finish your seams! Here's an article from Sew, Mama, Sew! that covers seam finishes. Seam finishes may seem annoying--particularly if you don't have a serger-- but if you love your garment and don't love fraying edges, seam finishes are a must.
Robert Lowry was an ordained minister and hymn writer. He was married and had 3 sons. Though he was a great hymn writer, he preferred being a pastor. Mr. Lowry said "Music, with me has been a side issue...I would rather preach a gospel sermon to an appreciative audience than write a hymn. I have always looked upon myself as a preacher and felt a sort of depreciation when I began to be known more as a composer." He wrote over 500 hymns which include not only this one but also well-known hymns such as "Nothing But the Blood," "Shall We Gather at the River," and more. Having written such amazing hymns, I can only imagine what one of his sermons would have been like! Wow!
But we haven't forgotten about molasses. If Jamaican rum is a challenging rum, molasses is a challenging sweetening agent, if you can even call it that. Dark, thick, and slightly bitter, molasses is the byproduct of the sugar making process and serves as the raw material in most rums. Molasses used to be the sweetener of choice in colonial times, or at least until refined sugar became readily available. Molasses does have its devout fans who drizzle it on such things as cornbread or pancakes. Not me though. Though I have added it in small doses to simple syrups to create a funkier, bolder flavor, the only way I like to eat molasses is in a cookie, where its earthy, rich flavors shine but its bitterness is thankfully suppressed. So with only a bit of hesitancy, I progressed to Mr. Baker's version of a very old drink, the Black Strap, which was exceedingly popular both as a warm and cold beverage in the United States at least as late as the eighteenth century.
Foreign minister Shah Mehmud Qureshi and law minister Farooq H Naek would go to New York next month to meet the UN Secretary-General and formally ask him to establish an international commission to probe into the assassination of former prime minister Benazir Bhutto.)
Outside, the temperature has dropped well below zero, but nobody seems to mind. Everybody is warmed by the unique experience they have shared over the past few days, and with the large quantity of beer available, maybe it is not so different to where Mugison and his father first had the idea to hold a festival.
cleansing in a crystal water sauna turns the tired and weary into restored gods who can move mountains and build temples
Guns, knives, brass knuckles & other weapons
Seriously. If there is one word that makes me despair for the human race, it is the word neo-liberalism.
Obviously I've taken some liberties, creative calls and had a bit of fun doing them. Please don't be offended. With Miss Scarlet I was sort of going for a Marilyn vibe but she ended up looking a little like Amanda Lepore. Sorry.
Right next to the nonsensical headline asking "why are French fries French?" was the perfectly rational declaration, "White Sox Win The Pennant!" What are the odds that I'd leave Chicago, only to be greeted with a reference to the best Chicago baseball team as I relaxed on the Mexican riviera? Some may call it a coincidence but I think not. It was that Mayan magic once again.
As always, check back here every Saturday for Grace In Small Things.
Well, as you are probably musing to yourself, that is right up my creative street. So I'm only too pleased to conjure something up and join in.
Xcel Energy Center
This creates a growing market for luxury cigarette brands. Panda cigarettes, which used to be loved by the Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping, can reach as much as $107 per pack, against $2 for a more generic brand.
NHL apologists - those people who like the fighting and excuse the animal-like behavior of these thugs on skates – excuse fighting and justify fighting as part of the sport on the basis of the game being too fast and emotional to not allow players the opportunity to let off steam every once in a while. Sadly, it seems that when you allow fighting, things like Henrik Zetterberg getting his head rammed into the glass with such force that the impact cracked his helmet, also become acceptable.
HRM 1991
There was always a bit of candy in the Valentine bags, too, especially, Conversation Hearts.
Limited Edition of 1,500 copies.
On March 22, the Quebec government's Dying with Dignity Commission released its recommendations concerning euthanasia and palliative care. The media reported that the commission recommended the legalization of assisted suicide in exceptional cases.
My break was filled with working basketball games, teaching first graders, and running around. I got to sleep in 4 days.. count it 4!! Its terrible.. i am not ready to go back to school. I am also pretty stressed out because i have an internship class, and so far… NO INTERNSHIP! :,(
SAPS spokesman sergeant Gerald Sedibe quotes the arrested security guard as saying that he had spotted the two men driving along the train-tracks in Suiddorp near Komatipoort – and that the Afrikaners had attacked him, pulled him from his vehicle, assaulted him and pointed a firearm at him. The security guard claims that he then fired off ‘several shots with his 9mm handgun”. The guard claimed that the Afrikaners then had then ‘run away and jumped back into their bakkie’, and that he had gone to the police station to lodge a charge of assault.
The former nursing student-turned-bartender told the Times she was sceptical about marriage.
In a big pan pour 4 cups water and after it starts boiling, stop the stove and put the soya chunks in it. Leave it for 3 mins. Drain the water and squeeze all the water from the soya. Be careful since it will be very hot. So cool it a little and squeeze. Do this method again to remove the raw smell in the soya nuggets. Then chop each one into 2 pieces.
Squash Seeds
171 Third Avenue
All that, but if you once shared your critical thoughts on evolutionary science and its moral implications — everything else about you suddenly dwindles to very little.
Despite the minimal snow the salt trucks were out in force spraying rock salt and calcium chloride brine with abandon. I wrote an article on rust proofing last month and will hopefully be able to share an excerpt with you dear faithful reader as soon as it is published….yeah I know you can't wait.
Aunt Jennifer: "Oh Juney, you're such a stick in the mud. I'm tempted to put a pillow over your face on the day, terminal illness or no terminal illness."
ESCAPE TO THE COUNTRY: Survivors from CASH IN THE ATTIC attempt to flee the Cybus Industries mop-up squad.
Rhythm Pigs - Choke On This (Mordam 1987)
Magnetic paint has been making its way around blog land, so I thought this would be the perfect spot for me to dabble with the stuff. I started off by removing the cabinet door and tin, only to find that the adhesive we attached the tin left, was definitely going to leave its mark!
Almighty God, you who sent Your Son Jesus Christ to persevere for our sake, to suffer for our sake and to grant us mercy unto eternal life; give us strength to endure the trials and struggles we face each day. Help us to keep fellowship with others, to pray even when we don’t know the words, to obey despite our displeasure but most of all, to see the example your Son Jesus gave to us. Let us look to the eternal reward that you have laid before us. In Christs name we pray, Amen.
Senior investigating officer ASP Ananthan Rajoo, in a letter to the complainants, stated that the police had received orders from the deputy public prosecutor (DPP), to whom the case was referred, to take no further action (NFA).
“In first half of 2009 we released around about £100m from our prior year reserves. This year we are releasing around £30m. Lastly, the weather in the first six months of the year has also slightly impacted the results.”
reading their papers,
In other news, I tried on contact lenses yesterday & have a few days free trials. They felt really odd, slightly wrong. But I’ll give them a go, maybe tomorrow & see how I feel about them!
When no one else in the Kingdom wanted to face the mighty giant, Goliath, young David was willing. David must have felt fear at the sight of his foe, but overcame it, and courageously vanquished his enemy.
These three teenage descendants of Medusa, the once-beautiful gorgon maligned by myth, must reunite and embrace their fates in this unique paranormal world where monsters lurk in plain
my soul does not
Every year we see the same old stuff. The ‘Ruby Carpet’ could just as easily be re-named “Tits Out For The Boys Parade” and the ‘celebrities’ are ‘famous for being well known’ rather than for any perceivable talent they may possess. But, like any decent car crash, you can’t help but stop to stare.
1) Actual knowledge of specific acts of infringement - This is a subjective standard and is case-specific and intermediary-specific. For example, in the MySpace case, the fact that they were notified of the infringing titles (irrespective of whether they were given URL's of these files) according to the court, meant that they had 'actual knowledge'.
Tight ice skates, mildewed ski boots,
After looking in-depth at the living costs that would affect students in 2012 it is apparent that the actual rise in living costs is relatively small. Closer to 3% rather than the 5% that has been reported in the press.
She then stops and looks at me and says,
-You don't love being swaddled
Nowhere But North: in 1915 a businessman from Manhattan raises funds, purchases a boat, hires a crew of adventurers and sets sail for Antarctica to bring America into the age of exploration and, ostensibly, to advertise his own firm's goods and services. The businessman's head clerk is, at the last minute, coerced into joining the expedition, which goes wrong wrong wrong and the crew find themselves locked into polar ice with diminishing supplies and a psychopath among their number. The narrative is told in reverse chronological order, thrice, with interruptions. The middle section is told in the voice of the expedition ship! Love, honor, adventure, betrayal, madness and penguins! Mighty Reader lobbies hard for me to write this one next.
If you are afraid to incorporate orange into your wardrobe, start with a small amount of orange in your accessories. A great way to add some color around your face is with a pair of coral earrings. Even if you are dressed in all black, you’ll standout in the snow with bright accessories.
One of the highlights (believe it or not) was the bread. The restaurant sent out homemade, fresh-from-the-oven, warm bread with homemade red pepper hummus. Oh man this stuff good, I wanted to take it home with me.
This is Fred by the way, the leader of that one church that protests soldier funerals by saying God hates you and shit. It's pretty nasty. I mean yea some people don't like the military, but dude come on those soldiers are deceased and that's their family.
A little over two months ago, I posted about my last day at my former job and that I was looking forward to exciting, new opportunities. At the time, I had fully intended to submit another post on the following Monday to talk about my new job. Unfortunately, time got away from me and I am just now getting to share my wonderful news. If you haven’t already guessed by the image in this post, I took a job working in the IT department of Penzeys Spices.
Stampin' Up Stamp Set- Well Scripted
Some thing's ain't meant to last.
give running commentaries
Our DNA is in fact being updated.
I was out of commission yesterday because I got a BIG ol' dose of allergies for my birthday on Sunday.
This is of course entirely consistent with socialism and democracy being valid ideas – because few things are as obvious as that our ‘democracy’ is undemocratic, and that the Union of Soviet ‘Socialist’ Republics was a class system. But for Nietzsche of course, this distinction – between socialism and ‘socialism’ – cannot appear, for the same reason that the distinction between priests and ‘the suffering’ on whose behalf they speak cannot appear. But we need not imitate his blindness.
Since my childhood in Greece I have been fascinated with this myth. As a child I was the obeying-type; always did what I was told. My first reaction when I heard this myth was shock: that a son didn’t listen to his father in such an important matter! But very soon it changed in believing that this was the most incredibly stupid case of disobedience ever…
This Reliance Dahej 50-bed hospital will procure all necessary upgraded features and will have five doctors including a surgeon, orthopedic, physician, gynecologist and a general practitioner. There will be special care taken to pander to burn cases. This hospital at Dahej will also cater to places that are nearby. It may also work to organize mobile services and camps that may benefit a major section of the population and create awareness in the society.
and really a very happy one :)
What is the Status of the LA City Mandatory Condom Ordinance for Adult Productions?
This card employs three images from Blockhead stamps. The bulrushes were coloured with Promarkers and the heads have had fun flock applied, although it's difficult to tell from this picture.
As a corporate trainer for the company, he has provided assistance for the Recruitment department by coaching and setting expectations with both the walk-in and invited applicants to increase the likelihood of them passing the selection process. He has also co-designed the company’s internal Near-hire Training, which is aimed at giving a second chance to those who didn’t pass the entire application process by rectifying and refining their voice quality, accent and delivery, grammar, and pronunciation. With this, when they go through the application anew, their chances at landing a job in the company are increased. Furthermore, he has created most of its documentations and established/streamlined majority of the accompanying processes and procedures. He, additionally, was instrumental for the enhancement of the organization’s New Employee Orientation in terms of its work flow and presentation to the new hires. Finally, he’s the mind and the hands behind the design and development of most of the training modules that are being run in the company, some of which are Business Correspondence, Email Etiquette, Creative Thinking, Effective Teamwork in the Workplace, and Training Plan just to mention a few.
Speaking to reporters after visiting the Malaysian Agriculture, Horticulture and Agrotourism (MAHA) 2010 here, Muhyiddin said there were an increasing number of PKR members who were dissatisfied with the party.
The papal visit has caused me to reflect on Catholics and the fate of Catholics in my period of special study – seventeenth century England. The story begins with the most infamous terrorist conspiracy in English history and ends with the deposition of king: it begins with the Gunpowder Plot and ends with the so-called Glorious Revolution.
2. put on tie
I pray that I won’t get succumb to this frantic world again, wherein all things are dictated by circumstances and other people which or whom really not of significant to me. I pray that I will achieve my dreams soon but not so soon. Soon enough because I want to share it with my parents and other people who don’t have the luxury of time to wait for me. And not to soon that I didn’t learn anything at all on this journey called life.
but rather I love to coordinate items
All writer's know the problem of the blank page, where to start, what to say, how to say it. It doesn't even matter if, as in my case, you know what you are going to write. The moment when you open a new screen, helpfully titled Document1, and set out to write the first words, is one of fear mixed with hope. The fear comes from having to create something new, something interesting, something which will speak to your readers. The hope comes from knowing that you have the whole of time and space - real and imagined - to play with, and an almost infinite combination of words to use in new and surprising ways to act as your method of exploration. And that's the second source of fear.
Anne: who's rich and kind of spoiled but a definite do-gooder.
He disagreed. She had a great ass.
Now for the confession part. Being the master procrastinator that I am, I stuck the postcard up in the window so I could admire it for a while, and think about scanning it and writing this post. In a flash, two weeks seem to have passsed, and to my surprise, I've discovered that the harsh African sun blasting away at the back of my postcard has totally leached away the colour of the ink. E's words have all but vanished, only the indentations of her pen remain...
Happy Birthday Hubby! So glad you are my lifelong BFF!
The generals conducted fact-finding missions in May and June but Mbeki never released their findings. Neither did his successor, Kgalema Motlanthe.
Check with friends...if they have a forum they enjoy, maybe you will enjoy it as well!
Being female or male, our gender identity. We just are women and men, and the relative effortlessness of this identity can lead us to reify a simple, dichotomous view of gender. People are meant to be either female or male, both physically and psychologically. However, for many persons who are intersexed , or transgendered , things are not so simple. They struggle with their gender identity, wondering whether they are female or male, neither or both. Their struggle raises important questions for all of us about the nature of gender. To what extent is our gender identity innate? Embodied? Is ambiguity in gender identity simply a relatively rare deviation from a dichotomous norm, or a reflection of a broader multiplicity of genders?
I`m alone with my memories of you.
By the time Pam had finished introducing Ellen every friend she had invited had shown up.
Peeta has been in love with Katniss since they were children – but she does not know this until much later. She knows that once when she was very young and her family was starving he threw her a loaf of bread; she never forgot this and felt indebted to him. She doesn’t know his true feelings for her and distrusts him, knowing they may have to kill each other in the end.
Patterson
To quote from the report:
By the time she swooped, there was nothing anyone could do.
3. We're A Couple Of Misfits by Billie Richards & Paul Soles
About Joyce Debacco
For the other friends in other departments: Macky, Gil, Ava, Mam Susan, Kuya Jeff, Kuya Cennon, Blood Center people, Mommy Arlyn Banks, Michael, Al, Adrian, Sir Benjie, Nathan, Sir Benjo. My heartfelt gratefulness to you all!
O caring fountain on the plaza
Yeah. There’s always a lot going on. Nick wonders how I can get really mad and scream, then turn around, do something, come back, and forget that I was mad.
Com Truise (possibly my favourite)
But US ally Israel also wishes to glue its destiny firmly to the ClubMed EU States – especially Greece and Cyprus – while the EU’s mad poppinjays are busy trying to recruit new North African members. (Except, of course, that being profoundly dumb, they also believe that sworn Israel enemy Turkey can somehow be included in this happy union without a serious punch-up ensuing at the wedding reception).
It would be a shame if TTB’s reputation declines to a point where people can’t trust the labels. That will be a victory for mistruth.
While this format too is far from being optimal, I hope you will find that Ctrl+F is your friend when trying to find that specific MySpace page your looking for, and that the genre division proves helpful when you're out to discover some new music. I'll keep a link to this post in the sidebar at all times and when I update with some new remarkable discovery I'll make sure to let you know somehow.
Wherever you are in the world, please add your rosaries to our list, thank you.
Mishka
We schlepped across the city today, in search of the perfect sunglasses for Mr J.
#4. Carmelita Jeter – Knows she has a gear the others don’t and it shows.
A: It was absolute blind luck. I've since read all kinds of dire statements about how impossible it is to get a cartoon published in today’s market - but I just blithely went ahead, developed a strip based around the pair of armadillos on Noah’s Ark, and sent it round to people. Of course everyone turned it down, but one local paper in Devon said 'We're looking for something with a more local flavour,' so a week later I presented all the same jokes but between two
I read the latest romantic suspense novel by Nora Roberts called The Witness and a self-help book entitled How to Get Your Mojo Back: Realistic Health for Busy Women by Dr Ginni Mansberg. I’ll be talking/ranting about these books in upcoming posts.
Along the corridor is a collection of self-portraits with more than seven hundred paintings. You will also enjoy the most unusual views of the city and the Arno river from the tiny windows dotting the exterior wall. The corridor’s walk ends just outside the Giardini di Boboli.
Well there we go – that’s my interview with Louis from Admiral Fallow and I’m pretty sure this tour is earning them lots of stripes because their gig at PJ’s was brilliant, amazing and great!
Level 16: 32% chance to deal 140% damage after an attack.
I normally do not like crime thrillers so much but this story was unique and was extremely captivating. So many of the dialogs have become most memorable in the history like “I am gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse”.
Please please please don't hate me, okay?
Happy character writing! I hope you took some of this into consideration for your next amazing character!
This also has important knock-on effects for Europe, as it will in due course relieve competitive pressure for supplies from Russia and its partners. Prices are undoubtedly going to ease, and it is going to be harder still to argue that renewables are ever going to be cost-effective.
I had to really adjust the contrast on this so the heart would show since it's pretty subtle. It's nice to throw on over a spring jacket to add some extra warmth and ear protection.
“Anyone order a burger?” Mumbles a skinny dreadlocked man smelling strongly of patchouli and holding out a grease-stained carryout back. The intern immediately grabs the bag while shoving a ten into the guy’s hand. He unwraps the burger and begins wolfing it down.
Serve hot and enjoy!
Mom's Famous Frosted Sugar Cookies
The 2006 Album “Queen’s Greatest Hits” is the top-selling album in British Music History.
In all, Top 8 proves to be a read that's not only fun but makes you think a little, too, about the technology you use in your life.
"No, oh no, not for me, I'm doing a photo shoot"
My new website is an extension of this blog, and will allow me to help more people. I hope you’ll come by and check it out! I like to think of it as this blog on steroids.
If this works I'll make it a feature.
What's the first thing that comes to mind when you see these shoes? Leave your comment here.
Machang MP Saifuddin Nasution lodged a protest in Parliament last week, because Muhammad Shafee Abdullah, a lawyer for Umno, was dispatched to Europe, New York and Dubai allegedly on Najib’s instructions.
They will always be remembered
It will not happen overnight. This is big. But a Free Market will, as it has in the past, solve this and in the process enrich lives with prosperity.
In India
I am happily researching Mommy & Me classes in my area so that when the little guy is old enough o get out into a group of people I already know when and where we will go.
When Amazon launched its Kindle Fire last month, the web was buzzing with the news. Not only is it a new color tablet that allows users to enjoy much more varied content than its previous black-and-white Kindles, but it also has an unbelievably low price: US$199. The Canadian Kobo has also just announced its new Kobo Vox, which is also a full color tablet, which runs on Google’s Android operating system ($199). It’s good-bye to e-Ink and hello to cut-throat competition in the tablet world.
Note. : Instead of pizza base you can cut the pav in half and use it as a base. It also looks good and you can name it as "Pav Bhaji Bites'.
For all managers out there…
I smuggled some beer in from Texas yesterday.
Mearls: It also means that "unbalanced" options are more viable. For instance, in one adventure the characters fought a gang of hobgoblins. One of the hobgobs was a beast master who used a whip and a prod to drive a pair of giant scorpions forward. The rogue sniped the beast master, so the scorpions turned around and had their
1157. The Beginning of the End: White Castles & Fries @ Holiday Inn Express (Louisville, KY) 11:32 p.m.
The concert continued like this, with lighting getting better, flashing like strobe lights, all the way from Broken Jaw, through the slightly more downbeat I would Do Anything For You and through to Life On The Nickel, which had a super cool live-only dance style solo that dumbed it down a tad with Mark Foster getting a little solo on the piano at the end, despite the fact that everyone was jumping at and down throughout the rest of the song. This chill time didn’t last long as Call It What You Want came on. During this song, massive globules of what seemed to resemble balloons fell from the ceiling in masses as a typical live-only rock-style jam session took place. The dance mood had returned, before Don’t Stop started with a welcome guitar intro before that characteristic guitar riff that showed us that Mark Foster plays guitar as well. A couple of tracks later, the battery on my camcorder died.
I thought it was from the stress from my marriage and finding out my husband wasnt in love with me or even attracted to me..
So, there were a few “in the box” thoughts that had to be swept away by a few of us.
Then I found the pink chair.
I have blogged and told the SNP and Nicola Sturgeon in particular how to fix Glasgow SNP, and was ignored, the results speak for themselves.
Level 16: throw five times per round
If you’re a 40- or 50-something, a Chinese regional or industrial or political or bureaucratic somebody, this is your time. Or maybe I should say, whoever you are, wherever you live, whatever you do: Whatever the world will become next — it’s our turn now.
"It is a great milestone to be selling Rheingold ... throughout Florida," said Joe Belli, Rheingold's national sales manager. "The great taste of Rheingold, New York's Beer, is now available in a state where many transplanted New Yorkers live who are very familiar with the beer's great history."
We’ve been in this last stage for the best part of eight months now – and not just in the euro – but I got the sense over the weekend (and I’m not entirely sure why) that quite a few important players on this, our shrinking landscape, have three wheels over the cliff – and even they have realised that it’s all over.
To be placed,
I remember thinking that the tree symbolized my love for her. I told her as much; she laughed. “You’re an idiot, Craig,” she said in that smug tone she developed after she ran off with the other man. “You’re a goddamned idiot! A tree? What kind of idiot plants a tree to symbolize his love for someone?”
Train cars are wider, have plenty of legroom, you can lean back in your seat without bumping the legs of the guy behind you (and vice versa), there's food available, and they travel faster. Not to get too political, but the Obama administration supports high-speed rail in this country, and it's an idea whose time has long since come. More trains means fewer cars on the highways, and when you're talking high-speed, there's really no comparison when it comes to longer trips.
Yvonne Osborne
So the other day I mentioned that the attention given to News International employees shouldn't distract us from the guilt shared by politicians and, especially, the police who colluded; that this wasn't just lowly constables accessing police files but something much more institutional.
Dr. Masaya Matsumura, National Agriculture and Food Research Organization, Japan
My BFF, Keri, gave Carson this card.
*Chicken katsu a Japanese panko-breaded, deep fried chicken cutlet, adapted from tonkatsu, a pork chop variant.
very innocent and positive and sweet.
Davis was an avid photographer who enjoyed shooting family and acquaintances. His body of work was detailed in a 2007 book by Burt Boyar. “Jerry [Lewis] gave me my first important camera, my first 35 millimeter, during the Ciro’s period, early ’50s”, Boyar quotes Davis. “And he hooked me.” Davis used a medium format camera later on to capture images. Again quoting Davis, “Nobody interrupts a man taking a picture to ask… ‘What’s that nigger doin’ here?’ “. His catalogue of photos include rare shots of his father dancing onstage as part of the Will Mastin Trio and intimate snapshots of close friends Jerry Lewis, Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra, James Dean, Nat “King” Cole, and Marilyn Monroe. His political affiliations also were represented, in his images of Robert Kennedy, Jackie Kennedy, and Martin Luther King, Jr. His most revealing work comes in photographs of wife May Britt and their three children, Tracey, Jeff and Mark.
It’s just the death of a marriage and there’s no room left for trust.
AKA: What, am I trekking through the Himalayas here?
Setting up goals, and educational goals to boot, that forever elude common mortals brings to mind the “___ jokes”, those jokes that are largely the same in different parts of the world, but are only funny when the blank fills with nationality words that the jokers think it’s funny to joke about – telling a Finn, say, how many Portuguese it takes to screw in a light bulb is not very funny. One of these jokes suggested the following parallel to me: an outsider (= the aspiring language user) asks a local (= the native language user) for directions to a place (= native proficiency). The local thinks a while and replies: “If I were you, I wouldn’t start from here.” It is the same no-can-do mindset that, faced with can-dos, changes gear to call them “gifted learners”. This is yet another ill-defined player in second/foreign language scenarios, to which I will return some other day.
Mark Joy ... Charlie
The bran flake coat makes them very crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. It is an easy weekday meal, which I am sure it would please all family members from the smallest to the oldest. I served them with baked potatoes aromatized with Herbs de Provence. I know I haven’t been much of a follower lately, but I hope that in the next days I will catch up with you all and your beautiful creations.
As the case challenging the environmental review is on appeal, it'll be interesting to see if the ESDC is challenged on harmonizing its prediction of a ten-year buildout for 17 buildings with the slack it granted the arena (and, by implication, the rest of the project). It may be legal. But it certainly wasn't very transparent.
“Wonder what his last meal will be. How do they choose that
In each film, the celebrity/royal is unbearably autocratic and calls all the shots. Monroe and Charles both send cars or carriages for their latest love interests when they want to see them, but ignore and send them away when they are busy with something or someone else. However, with both the Prince and the actress, there is a feeling that, beneath the spoilt surface and demanding behaviour, there is an inner loneliness. Both of them need someone they can talk to and trust, and nobody in their paid entourage really fits the bill. Elsie and Colin are partly seduced by the glamour of all this, as I said earlier, and flattered to be chosen by someone who could have anyone they want. But they also see and respond to the real person behind the mask.
Recently I started to feel everything around me spinning out of control. My job was stressing me out, my health was deteriorating and my lack of exercise had nothing to do with it. On top of that I had recently failed a PT test and leadership was coming down hard on me. I felt helpless.
Hope you have a lovely clean day!
I have some more photos of Market I will share with you in a few days.
Caleb Lyons
With the next hundred chores running through your head?
Just in time for the letter O! At this moment, local deciduous woods are in bloom, filled with glorious wildflowers. And one of the stars is ONTARIO'S OFFICIAL provincial flower, the white trillium, known botanically as Trillium grandiflorum.
If 'broad audiences' means the usual 'diversity', who is kidding whom? NR is probably read by mostly White readers; their 'diverse' readers are probably in the single digit percentage.
People who run corporations are people. Some of them are impeccable drivers, and some of them are not. When the rule is the same for everyone, regardless of whether they've made the Girl Scout's Promise, both the consumer and the company are protected. In a way that is fair, and universally understood.
Much like their last album, “East Jesus Nowhere” is my favorite track on Awesome As F**k. Armstrong illustrates what a fun, fantastic frontman he truly is by getting the entire crowd involved with repeating the intro. Once the guitars and drums kick in, “East Jesus Nowhere” highlights how talented Green Day is with creating catchy, energetic and effective songs filled with messages.
9. “There’s No Other Me” featuring Joss Stone
Last night the Rangers were forced to grind and claw their way to another victory. But this time they accomplished what they could not do Sunday which was compliment their grittiness with some scoring and a little luck.
Also in this month’s AeroMechanic, you can read:
“All alone and lonely oh!”
3) Britain never welcomed in any foreigners or immigrants - the idiots in the government wanted them in vote cheap votes and big business idiots wanted them as cheap labour and to reduce wages.
I'm pretty sure I showed this one in my last blog but since it's the same quilt, I'm showing it again!
2 cups firmly packed light brown sugar
Anything your heart desires
6pm – Shower & in the room Champagne
one day I will try to explain to my son
The day has come...it's time for The Pinterest Challenge, Winter Edition (yes, it's 80-degrees out, but the calendar still says Winter!). This was Katie's brainchild last year to encourage us to get off our computer-parked-arses and actually make something we'd pinned. In a nutshell, STOP PINNING AND START DOING!
Breckenridge Autumn; Denver, Colorado, Old Ale, 6.7% abv
When you view your local or state election results on the Internet, on portals which often appear to be owned by the county elections division, in over 525 US jurisdictions you are actually redirected to a private corporate site controlled by SOE software, which operates under the name ClarityElections.com.
The lower realms have just a door, and seem unguarded, this is just a guise. they are in fact revolving doors that lead us back to the same place of entry..no matter how many times we try to enter, until we reach a level of simple purity, then entry magically happens..In my early days of spiritual adventure I was denied access to these revolving door worlds time after time and I often wondered if I would ever make the journey..would I ever reach a state of purity that granted me access…This solitary act of rebuff is simply showing us that we need to purge our souls and purity ourselves a bit more..it keeps out the souls who are not yet ready or open to corruption..and yet no door is truly barred to all…as you begin to purify yourself in human form..these lower level realms dimensional doors will allow entry..but you have to show discipline, and determination and for the most part become more aligned to god. There is no set formula or criteria as such, anybody who is driven enough, and disciplined enough, through, compassion, love, humility and generosity, will if persistent not be denied entry..once one enters through their first door..you will never go back to being the old you..this spiritual adventure and journey that mankind is on will take you as far as you wish to go..if you are prepared and willing and determined never to give up hope and believe in reconciliation of the our soul with spirit.
“Well Mr. James, there’s a goddamn artist on every street corner in every city, and I’ve never heard of you. So, how is it that you know me?”
This first card was based on the sketch from Day 13. I had a bit of fun with this one and created my old little apple feltie using stamps from Paper Smooches. I stamped the apple image with Palette Noir ink onto some regular craft felt (e.g. the cheap stuff LOL!), cut out and pieced together. I kept with an apple theme on the card and used a Lifestyle Crafts/Quickutz embossing folder for the background and some school themed papers from October Afternoon. One day, hopefully soon, I'll learn how to sew in straight lines LOL!
Mehanna’s sentencing statement serves to define the context, the victims, and the perpetrators of these terms:
This past weekend Big B, Cody and I attended the parent/student orientation at Schreiner. Payment plans are finalised, health forms complete, etc. He is now officially enrolled. Cody even has his Fall classes and is now figuring out which text-books to rent, buy or e-book. All Cody has left to wait for (other than actual move-in) is his room-mate assignment. He will know in early August.
Make sure to enter all of the contests I have running right now. There are so many I could never list them all. To get to the other contests please use the blog archive links on the side of the page. Don't forget to click on 2009 too, some are Active. You can also use
Goose Island Oatmeal Stout
This morning I received an inquiry asking whether I make busts of breasts. What an unusual question. Or is it?
The Quadratus Lumborum -- universally pronounced Kyoo-Ell -- runs from the back hip-bone to the bottom rib, on both sides, with connecting service to the sideways prongs of the lumbar vertebrae. Anglo-Saxons injure it a lot, because we generally hold our hips stiffly in line with our chests, and never give the poor QL a chance to completely contract or to really stretch. Belly-dancing would be impossible without the QL, as would climbing a ladder: any activity that hitches up one side of the pelvis up closer to the ribs requires that this muscle contract on the hitching side, and stretch on the other side.
Stuffed Portobellos
I used to read books - all the time. I used to talk to friends about books. I used to exchange good books with friends. Then I had two kids. The days of sitting on the couch on a Saturday afternoon wrapped in a blanket reading a great book are long gone. And that's ok - I love my Saturday afternoons helping Grace to read and develop the same love of books that I have. And I love reading to Abigail as she tries to turn the pages faster than I can read the words.
Each beach came into view as we came around a corner. The road would be up high on the coastline, so we’d be looking down a steep vegetated slope to the deep blue ocean, turquoise waters, and white crashing waves. There would be a thin strip of sand soon swallowed by coconut trees then tropical forest. The beach came closer as we drove down the hill. Soon, we were parked by the beach and getting out to put our feet (or more) into the water. It was warm, vibrantly clear, and quite salty.
Cheer up my brother, live in the sunshine,
Louise Fawcett from Pacific Harvest gave us a really interesting round up on sea vegetables, of which I can say my prior knowledge was nil. I have found some of the Kelp which I am looking forward to experimenting with on my return from holiday
It probably needs to be said first off that this assertion involves a very odd definition of the concepts just named. Let’s imagine, to put the same logic in a different context, the plight of an unemployed single mother in today’s America during the holidays. She has, we’ll assume, barely enough money to pay the most basic expenses for herself and her children, and the clock is ticking on her unemployment benefits, which will run out after 99 weeks. Her desperate efforts to land any job at all have gone nowhere—that’s common enough these days—and it’s become plain, as the holidays draw near, that if she’s going to be able to afford to keep her children fed and clothed and housed into the new year, there aren’t going to be any Christmas presents.
From men and women to fill our day;
The academy first sought retired Army general and former Secretary of State Colin Powell to speak at the luncheon, but when he couldn’t make it due to schedule conflicts, McClary was picked to keynote the annual event. He’ll be paid $2,500 and airfare reimbursement.
What do you think? How can you simplify?
Oh yes! Super-nerdy-fun-times! I stress this is photographers not merely photographs, there are far too many. The representative photos may or may not be of the photographer but will be their own work to give an indication of their style. So there. Enjoy!
the first is to work with short strands (i said cut yarn, but really
I showed up early (of course), found the room, and said "Hello" to the other students. The instructor wasn't there yet. (Do you see where this is headed?) Fifteen minutes later, I told the other students what had happened the last time I tried to take a Printmaking class, and they all laughed. "I'm sure she'll be here any minute", one assured me. Five minutes later, I went out to call Jim. "YOU ARE NOT GOING TO BELIEVE THIS!", I shouted. "MY TEACHER IS A NO-SHOW! CAN THIS SERIOUSLY BE HAPPENING AGAIN?!"
After I got it somewhat rolled, I sliced it in half and tried to adjust the lettuce so that it didn't look like it was falling apart. You know... so I could show you all a good picture...
The unrealistic content of his commercial has become a meme in the form of “I bet you thought (blank)… Nope! Chuck Testa.” This example is an appropriate use of the meme because after Mufasa dies in Disney’s “The Lion King”, Mufasa makes an encore appearance in the clouds. This meme suggests that Chuck Testa “taxidermized” Mufasa so he could give his son a stern talking-to even after he dies.
As it's a daily exfoliator, it's very gentle on the skin. There's no beads in it, and the texture actually looks like a serum. I didn't use it for a long time enough to say if it gets rid of fine lines and wrinkles. I didn't even experienced irritation, which is amazing in my case as I have to be very careful with scrubs and only use them once a week.
* The author must be a citizen of an African state or a dual citizenship holder (a copy of a passport or comparable document will be required of winners).
In my experience other children are the most curious about Katie's adoption and they tend to ask the most difficult questions. I think they are more difficult because it's harder to explain to them why I won't answer their questions. I have to explain that it's not fair on Katie to tell other people why she was adopted, until she understands that for herself. People shouldn't really know her story before she does. That's her story to share as she sees fit.
Springtime is a time of renewal
when you come into town.
Sometimes a little voice whispers in my head: “be careful what you write…you never know who could be reading.”
Queen Kuntī is extremely intimate with Kṛṣṇa and her appreciation is for the romantic side of Kṛṣṇa. This is clear from the messages she sends to Kṛṣṇa just slightly below the surface of all her words:
Today, some conservative parents kept their kids out of school to prevent them from hearing the President of the United States tell American students that it was important for them to stay in school.
For example, on this site you can find information related to the wireless network upgrade project that will be starting this Summer term. You will be able to see which buildings have been upgraded and a list of which buildings will be done next. You can also find out more about what other large-scale projects are in being planned and see at a glace when network maintenance is scheduled or what parts of campus a network outage is impacting.
The law was given only to Israel as seen in Exod. 19:3. “Thus shalt thou say to the house of Jacob and tell the children of Israel.” Then Romans 2:14, the Gentiles have not the law.” So it would be very unjust for God to transfer the law from the Jews to the condemned Gentiles.
At the time of result, I obtained dismally low marks and the news spread. But truth be told, I was surprised not at my low scores but at the fact that I managed to obtain any marks at all!
It feels right to acknowledge the moment when this became fact. I know that for me this has always been my obscure reality but now it is public, everything I can be I can now become, every dream can be sought, every fear faced. I can shout it now I am transsexual. I didn’t shout just typed fairly quietly but with a smile on my face. I am so proud that somehow the real ‘me’, that tenuous little being inside my hinterland, survived long enough to be given life. I do not mean to be dramatic but for me this moment is monumental. Telling people I know will be hostile towards whom and what I am is a huge step. And I just feel relieved, like a flood, and I hate to use the word flood when so many are causing catastrophes around the world. But the flood that is rushing out of me is made up of all the fears built up over 46 years, fears based on keeping me hidden, hidden behind a male front I had to acquire, like a costume, a veneer. But now I can sit here and for the first time feel proud that whatever else I have told them what and who I am. I own me now. That’s a funny concept to own oneself. At least it seems funny to me. The notion that now finally I am in control of my own destiny of being me of being authentic. I will now type a word and I will mean it, no bullshit, I truly mean what I say. I think I am happy, I know I am happier than yesterday, I know I was right to not muddy my core with prescribed drugs. I am brave, braver than I ever thought I could be. As brave as Cleopatra when she entered Rome? Yes. I am finally a pioneer crossing my own mountain range, discovering the plains within, seeing the ocean for the first time. I must drive to Brighton and stand on the pebbles, sway, open my eyes and be thankful for this opportunity. To all the women who have and are now supporting this journey I thank you. This is my epic moment.
2- You can add vanilla as you like, I just find it better without it so I didn't add it.
“Hey white-boy! My friend wants to f*** you.”
a splutter, the a gargled roar
Next he saw a V-shape that turned out to be the mouth of a snake. "I could see these black, rotted eye sockets on the top," he said. The severed head also had bits of tendon and part of the spine attached, he said.
Professor Derrick Armstrong, the deputy vice-chancellor (education) at the University of Sydney, says the Stanford-Udacity story is a ”fascinating development … which we at Sydney are watching closely”. ”However it is not the model which we are pursuing for the majority of our students because we understand the importance of face-to-face teaching,” he says.
Sunday I had a little bit of shopping to do so I ran out to Wally World and then hit Big Lots for some cheap curtains and a rod for my bedroom because the outside light shines in at night. When I returned home, to my surprise, My Friend had painted the whole wall already! I was so excited. I had to stop and stare at it for a little while.
Dear Gray Old Navy Yoga Pants,
data, including softer labor market figures, have fueled fears that the economy may have lost some strength as the second quarter got under way. Those worries were partly offset by data from an industry group on Tuesday that showed a better-than-expected pick-up in the manufacturing sector last month.
Facebook use among expats is remarkably high, even in regions where general use is pretty low. In Africa and Asia, Facebook penetration among the local population here is extremely low (3% and 4% respectively), yet the channel is still one of the most popular methods of communication among expats (67% and 65% respectively)!
Once you have the laundry liquid in your bucket, stir it around again, then start filling your containers. It's important to leave enough room in the containers to shake the liquid before you use it because it will separate. As you can see, I store my laundry liquid in a five litre blue container, a three litre glass jar, a one litre glass jar and a 750 ml bottle. I use the bottled laundry liquid for cleaning. It's great as a stain remover, for cleaning up spills, for cleaning around light switches, door handles, walls and floors. I use that little blue scoop to put the liquid into my front loader washing machine and I always use the one litre jar as my working jar. When it's empty, I refill it from the larger containers.
ten minutes even
Ichud Leumi: No difference
What really is meaningful here, however,
I’m a bit better today but still not great. Realizations about my life keep flashing into my mind. I keep thinking that my prediction in high school was right: I will come to nothing. There’s no way I can succeed when I’m too timid to function around anyone. There’s no way to integrate myself into society.
Check out my Amazon store if you wish,
11:30- I start to get hungry again, so if I'm doing something that I can eat and work on, I'll eat my sandwich.
belongs to my God.
1. Seven Bridges Road
One of the things about this movie is that we've seen this kind of thing so so many times before, and it doesn't help that a lot of the initial reviews stated that they couldn't tell one young good-looking tanned actor from another young good-looking tanned actor. Especially in this neon-colored, neo-noir "Miami Vice"-wannabe that tried to subsist on its style and glitz, trumping any acting that may have been lurking in the shadows.
Favorite Character: Kikuchi Makoto
I saw the cutest felt shamrock on Pinterest the other day and I knew I had to do something with the idea. I could not figure out the original source, but here is the link to my Pinterest board so you can see the original idea.
A week ago, I tried two beers from Helios in Okinawa, including a very nice pale ale that was less pale and more so copper. It was a very medium body, not super hoppy, but balanced enough to earn a high mark in my amateur beer reviewer head.
* Release blame. It is far easier to blame our parents, our employer, the government or anything outside of us for our present circumstances. Yet, in choosing this approach, we give away our power. The beauty in life is recognizing and claiming our role as a conscious creator of our moment to moment experience. As we commit to taking full accountability and responsibility for what we are allowing and creating, we step into the role of a soul-driven champion. In this space, the opportunities are limitless and the magic is commonplace. This is the space we want to reside. It’s our birthright.
I consult with my friend Wendie who is all knowing about every aspect of everything and I have to consult with her about these things because her opinion is most valuable to me and she directs me to this beautiful little 6qt capacity Kitchenaid on Ebay for 299.00. Not only is it yellow (the color of my kitchen and the one I want) but it's about the same price as the slightly smaller one.
It's time for another What's Your Answer feature. I pose questions, you offer answers in the comment section. If you answer one, feel free to expand. If you answer more, please shorten your answers. You're welcome to include one URL or blog link when replying.
On our stroll home, we passed many things, such as the guys below performing "Rockin' Robin" with all their hearts and souls. We also passed sidewalk cafe tables full of laughing people, and people strolling arm-in-arm through the narrow streets eating ice cream, and people just staring up in awe at the buildings around them. In that moment, as my husband chased my son to our apartment with the intent to strangle him, I felt complete Paris contentment. As difficult and claustrophobic as it is sometimes, it was our best decision to live in the 6th, right smack in the middle of it all.
02. Tonight is the kind of night 3:10
9) A female character who is one dimensional or badly written
when we all have
The one song here that is not from a movie is the phenomenally popular Love ls Blue. It was one of the finalists (representing Luxembourg) in the Eurovision Contest, a TV song festival broadcast all over Europe in 1967. The main reason it is included is because it is one of the greatest songs in years-and if some Hollywood producer is smart. He will buy the title and song and build a movie around it. It is that powerful!
All no-brainers: Lots of water. It's easy to get dehydrated when you're excited and wrapped up in all that you're seeing and doing, and having a dehydration headache is a stupid way to ruin an afternoon. A map. I love getting lost and discovering new things, but I hate not being able to find my way home again. If you want to go off the beaten path and be spontaneous, bring a map, just don't look at it when you don't want to. I like to have a good book to read in quiet moments. Travel can be overwhelming, a sensory overload, and if it's possible, I like to turn to my little rituals to calm my mind and help me digest all the sights and sounds of the day. One of those rituals is reading a book every night before I go to sleep, even if I only have enough energy to make it through a few pages. It quells any homesickness I might feel, and gives me a little break from the onslaught of new things, so my mind can catch up.
Based on Bayers' own admission, the Controller found that only 2% of the total number of kidney and liver cancer patients were able to access the drug:
"Experience tells us we should never leave politics to the politicians. Aside from the trouble this can get us into, such abdication would also be in conflict with generally held notions of democracy. But it would also be dangerous for art. Shutting out the social world would reduce it to a self-consuming 'art for art's sake.”
Isaac’s been kicked out of more schools than he can count. Since his father’s a state senator, Isaac’s life is under constant scrutiny—but Concordia High’s his last stop before boarding school, so Isaac’s hoping to fly under the radar and try to stay put for a change.
Our amazing friends Heather and Joseph are wanting to start their family and are looking to adopt. They were blessed with being able to foster Carson, a 3 month old baby boy, and love him as their own. Everyone told them that he would legally be theirs in about 6 months. In their hearts he was already their baby. It breaks my heart....after almost 2 years of Joseph and Heather being Carsons Mom and Dad, the court decided to let the biological father take Carson back. They were of course devastated and heartbroken. They are now starting their journey to adopt!!
Use the Crisco to cover your hands and knead the mixture with your hands. The Crisco isn't an ingredient, but just a tool to keep the marshmallow from sticking unmercifully to you. Having fun yet? You should only add water if the consistency of the 'dough' is dry and breaking apart. It will feel like Play-doh.
I never look at human beings as the president or king or prime minister or beggar. In my eyes all are the same. So whenever I meet these people I say, “Look at them, they are just other human beings…our brothers and sisters.” So this also creates more peace in my mind.
With a money back guarantee what have you got to lose? Maybe some red-eye, acne, etc.
I have been asked to create a PowerPoint presentation on the 20th Anniversary of OCC - so I have again been digging through the archives. It reminded me of a conversation I had with one of the members of that first convoy who told me that the shoeboxes almost didn't happen!
I love that shower curtain.
“Titanium”
You fix it by deciding to be happy according to your own standards, as discovered by implementing the principles in part un, and then changing things around you until you are.
AMcCC: Yes, they seem to think that because you put it on your blog then it has been 'published'. I think they're being a bit precious, to be honest. Wee Fictions, I've said before, is a work in progress. If I don't like something I've posted, I'll go back and change it, or delete it.
But my first day of school was rather nice. No, I didn't actually start back at college, I spent my day at Barnes and Noble reading. I've really only had the opportunity to enjoy the quiet, calming environment a few times, but wow am I going to start going there. I didn't read a whole lot of my book, a few chapters (4-5), because of course you want to walk around & see what is new or going to be new. What I did notice though is that the 2nd book of my new series is coming out in October. Can you say "WooHoo!" So that pretty much made my day even better.
Bilbao’s Basque-centric setup has probably made it easier for Bielsa to implement this pressing game, as it’s a club with few new arrivals and, fortunately for him, few important departures over the last couple of seasons. He must be pleased that the club has just produced a fresh batch of technically gifted players in the meantime.
The bell to the clapper, while hanging on high:
The next image below is triangles over the lobes.
I know you can’t imagine the ways that I have grown
She is switching high schools next year and had to audition to get into the chorus at her new school. That audition was last week, and she did so well that she was placed in Advanced Chorus, and the director only had her sing half of her piece, and didn't require her to sight-read! Go, Shannon!
Thank the Elements for loaning you their energy and ask them to return to their own realms, putting out their candles (if any).
I like the differences in texture in the third image. In the same area as William Pyre’s ‘Offspring’ water feature, it heightens the sense that the texture is very important. the unpolished part is very rough, but the darker polished part is silky to touch. The natural colour of the stone exaggerates the difference and the curves from rough to polished is similarly interesting.
"The Knotted Cord"
First of all we meet Seeta and her family. Her parents are dead and Seeta is living with her Aunt Kaushalya, Uncle Badrinath and their two children. Also living in the house is Kaushalya’s brother Ranjeet (Roopesh Kumar) and Seeta’s grandmother.
1 tablespoon dried rosemary
I turned the sweeper on, and ka-BOOM! "Ka-BOOM!!", I say, and while my mind was busy registering that the cover of the sweeper was on the floor, the bag had split open and the sweeper was shooting the last few weeks' worth of dirt, dust, hair, and ladybugs back into the living room, firehose-style. Screaming and screaming, I was, trying to remember which button turned the machine O-F-F.
No word of any recent activity on Billy Boy On Poison. If you didn't watch closely you might have missed them altogether. They were a quick flash but I liked the tune I posted up a couple of years ago. Check it out HERE
3. If you want to add colour to your macaron, then add the colouring at this point and continue whisking until incorporated.
Talk about taking advantage of the so called weaker sex. I tried to resist... I really did, but Gü (pronounced "goo" as a play on the French word for taste, "goût") got the best of me.
See the full film here, or skip ahead to the last half hour to see this information:
Book Country is targeting vulnerable writers with deceptive hype!
Aries is red
23. Vicolo A Sera (01:09)
Well... except it's another day that I get to spend with my family, they mean EVERYTHING to me!
The wonder of playing with Barbie dolls was that I got to make up awesome stories and play them out with my dolls. My Barbies got into all kinds of shenanigans, they traveled all over the world and some even lived under the sea. My Barbies also dressed like rockstars and drove a convertible (they always drove a convertible, ’cause I didn’t own another Barbie sized car). And most of all, my Barbies always had top-notch mansions, which took literally days for me to fashion and perfect.
BEDE; When it is said that Jesus answered, there is a reference to the words which went before, And they watched him. For the Lord knew the thoughts of men.
Grow leadership skills
“Like many people, I tend to get frantic when I think I might be abandoned again. I do destructive things: I hold on too tightly to whoever is in my at the moment; or I offer them a means of escape over and over again until they think I’m pushing them away. I’m so terrified of being left, and my core belief in that eventuality is so strong. When I realize how precious someone is to me, I give them every out I can think of. They’re going to leave anyway, I reason, so I might as well feel the pain now instead of holding my breath waiting for it to strike in the future.
i can't get enough of your adorable face.
A few accessories act as sets possibly purses.
During Doctor Who’s original 26-year run, it would be the norm for stories to be told in episodic form over several weeks, but today the series usually presents a complete story in a single episode. But which format is best? Toby Hadoke and Johnny Candon lock horns once more over this thorny Doctor Who issue in A Battle of Wits.
Porcelain Clay
Who would've thought we'd be having these conversations at less than 3 years of age?
Hi Peeps!
I remember Banjo telling me that when he was a young MD (I wonder what century that was? Ha-ha!) he would easily fall for female guests who seemed to show interest in him. Later on Banjo said he learned that he’s on the losing end if he takes a guest seriously. Same with the guest, he said. Banjo admitted the guest is on the losing end if the guest takes an MD too seriously as well.
Aggravated Assault
I believe she really is an angel, I used to call her my angel not too long ago. That was when she was okay, when she was happy, when this image was caught in my mind for the first time. I shut my eyes tight and try to push the thoughts away that have haunted me for months.
The next morning, I awoke with a purpose. I called in sick to work and proceeded to discover a million lies my ex had told me – some big, some small. Some incredible deal breakers, lies that make you wonder who you’ve been sleeping next to for so many years, some that just make you say, “Why in the world would you lie to me about that? That’s so silly!”
I definitely have another dinner idea, which should hold me over until I can find a few more things to make. I plan on making it this week, after I pick up some tomatoes. Because it wouldn’t be chili without it!
Pour in wine and simmer for 2 minutes
3rd CFL-1 Debbie Walker
Yet with all the seemingly negative aspects to China's intended occupation of South Africa, they may just be South Africa's saving grace, because they could invest so strongly in the SA economy that we may escape the global collapse. The other advantage is that the Africans do not really know who they are dealing with. To this end the Africans are not much different to the conspiracy theorists, the liberals and even the right-wing conservatives that think they can negotiate with the Africans. The other thing we need to consider is that the Chinese do not wish to go to war with the SA whites, because they are of the opinion that neither Germany nor the SA whites ever did them harm and they have no reason or wish to go to war with those two nations. While China has never deployed its armed forces outside of their own borders, they have indicated that they would be willing to defend their interests in foreign countries like Africa, should the need arise. China is active and has been active throughout Africa for a long time.
This photo is looking immediately to the right from the same place the previous picture was snapped. Those are mainly llamas, with a few alpacas interspersed among them. There’s a small stream with crystal clear water between me and them, which you’ll get a less-than-spectacular glimpse of in the next snap.
What is the nature of the agreement between these sections of the media and mobs and criminals in search of spectacle? Does the media which positions itself at the ‘scene’ in advance have a guarantee that the attacks and demonstrations will be non-violent? What happens if there is criminal trespass (as there was today) or even something worse? Does the media then become accessory to the crime? This question is important, given that some TV channels and newspapers are in the process of brazenly inciting mob anger against me. In the race for sensationalism the line between reporting news and manufacturing news is becoming blurred. So what if a few people have to be sacrificed at the altar of TRP ratings? The Government has indicated that it does not intend to go ahead with the charges of sedition against me and the other speakers at a recent seminar on Azadi for Kashmir.
We'd had a fantastic evening. From start to finish, there isn't one thing that displeased. The service had been very good, our waiter was lovely, chatty and helpful. He'd been there when needed, but not in our faces. The atmosphere was great with the restaurant packed with both large groups and couples, all chatting, laughing and generally enjoying themselves.
18 did
“What happened?” Ronan said. He climbed out of bed and dug his last change of clothes out of his duffle bag.
Conradspot
Of course it is true that many baseball fans don't care about ADVANCED stats -- any stats they view as unnecessarily complicated or beside the point -- but they still care about stats. The most virulent anti-stat people I know are often the first to reminisce about Ted Williams' .406 average or Bob Gibson's 1.12 ERA or to rage about the tainting of Hank Aaron's and Roger Maris' home run records.
This sentence doesn't actually say anything. It uses metaphors that don't apply to anything in the book (cards), introduces a character not in the query (a killer) and tries to set up tension...there's no tension in flabby sentences.
If you do hire a highly qualified person, rethink the job description, and look for further ways to use that person’s skills. Perhaps you can delegate some of your tasks or have this person serve as a mentor or lead training sessions. Or you could groom this person for a new position that is likely to open in your organization in the future. I’d always rather “lose” a great employee to another position within the organization than to a competitor.
just one photo, but really special.
God tells Cain that if he’d just shape up, He’d like his offering, but instead of doing that, Cain lures Abel into the wilderness and kills him. When God asks him where Abel is, he attempts to say “why should I know?” Because he killed his brother, Cain is cursed: he is driven from his land (but we don’t know to where), he won’t have success as a farmer, and he will be a wanderer.
The world changed after the spores war which killed everyone between 20-60. This left lots of young people parentless and alone. Like Callie and tyler that had no elders to look after them so they struggled living on the street with the friend Micheal.
I don’t know where to start with this movie. It was intolerably irritating, and also one of the most enjoyable films I’ve seen this year. Often at the same time. It has a surly blue-haired girl wielding a giant pixellated sledgehammer, which alone should quality for a special award.
I have been using B&B products, mainly Gentle Shampoo and Super Rich Conditioner, for more than 10 years. The products that I purchased from Amazon are not authentic Bumble and Bumble. Next time I will just order from the B&B website and pay a little more. At least I will know exactly what I’m getting.
02 I'm In The Mood For Love (Fields, McHugh) 6:25
Shep has become our more dramatic child. He knows when he wants to eat and won't take no for an answer! ha! He is an every three hour on the dot kind of boy. He loves to eat, sleep and he LOVES his paci. He loves his paci so much that many nights he will not sleep without it. He is quite the charmer and has been flashing his big toothless grin all the time. It is so cute!!! He has also become very chatty and after he eats he coos and tells me all kinds of stories. Such a sweet boy.
These wonderful smells reminded me of a a good IPA poured off the tap at a PROPER craft brew pub.
Now it shall spring forth;
The problem? Eli's twin, Eddy, was accidentally left behind, and so was their grandmother. Eli has to deal with his guilt every single day; his guilt over being the one to make it - he, the twin who was selfish and only out to please himself.
For now I am off to the kitchen to make clay for Kam's diorama that's due Monday. But first, I'm going to sit here with my favorite boy and share my favorite snack. Apples, cool whip and walnuts.
Selena James – She heads up Dafina Books, Kensington’s African-American imprint. She’s been at Kensington for five years and was with Pocket prior to that. She works on a variety of books, from women’s fiction to romance to YA to literary commercial fiction. She’s looking for stories that will touch the reader.
But critters bigger than a mouse is a husband’s responsibility and when they’re in the bedroom at night I want action.
2) The Quinault Indian Reservation is over 200,000 acres of pristine productive conifer forest land that meets 23 miles of unspoiled Pacific coastline in Washington State. The people of the Quinault Indian Nation (QIN) continue to fish the same land their ancestors did centuries ago.
What do you think??? To much or not enough...
How did your month go?
If murderous foreign criminals are whimsically imported into liberal democracies, one can only reasonably expect the expected. The violent crime levels prevalent within our vibrantly diverse communities are therefore astonishing only to the liberal/left.
This statistic highlights to me not only the general differences between men and women (the Mars vs. Venus thing), but more importantly, the difference in 'levels of fear' between men and women.
When we got back to street level, we saw a gigantic cloud floating purposefully towards us. I’m not sure why I beamed – perhaps it was because I saw that there was nothing to do but embrace the rain, or curse the skies running, since we’d definitely be getting wet either way.
When a dark stranger begins watching her from afar, and her prankster best friend becomes strangely protective of her, Meghan senses that everything she's known is about to change. But she could never have guessed the truth—that she is the daughter of a mythical faery king and is a pawn in a deadly war.
The free show came just hours after the Los Angeles band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
16:37: Patrick Basham chips in by asking if the Conservative party in the UK, if they win this year's election, are brave enough to tackle state-funded NGOs and fake charities.
Is it just because I only have a couple of these blocks and it read better once I have more?
They say writing is great therapy. I think they would be right. Since I wrote this post I started feeling better. That day I managed to get the house clean, floors mopped and fridge cleaned out. Then the next day like a woman on a mission, I filled my fridge, pantry and fruit bowl with healthy and yummy food.
I'm so desperate for fall I'm ignoring the warm weather outside and celebrating the first day of Autumn (technically it's at 10:09 pm CDT) time tonight.
I will always hold you close within my heart for the hope you give to me.
Makes 12 rolls
Brown looked shocked, as did the pale man in the chair. I however stood awaiting the oncoming show.
Now, the opposite view is that everything starts with consciousness.That is, consciousness is the ground of all being. In this view, consciousness imposes “downward causation.” In other words, our free will is real. When we act in the world we really are acting with causal power. This view does not deny that matter also has causal potency—it does not deny that there is causal power from elementary particles upward, so there is upward causation—but in addition it insists that there is also downward causation. It shows up in our creativity and acts of free will, or when we make moral decisions. In those occasions we are actually witnessing downward causation by consciousness.
Dodd creates her characters to have fire and intrigue which leaves you wanting to read more even if the characters drive you crazy. Especially Devon. This was not the happiest story but it evolves into one and leaves the reader satisfied with the result.
Once upon a time you and Jules were up in your nursery trying to nap. I say trying sarcastically, because you both were, in fact, NOT napping but upstairs giggling and jumping and singing and basically doing everything but NOT napping. When you both finally fell asleep, your Daddy and I breathed a sigh of relief. Along came 3:30, and we knew we needed to wake you up because if we didn't, you munchkins would have a hard time going to bed.
Finally around long enough to head outside and paint. I've been on the road for about the last 3 weeks, first to Charleston, SC for Wet Paint, back to unpack and then pack, then off to Scottsdale, AZ to teach a five day workshop at the Scottsdale Artists School. I'm heading back out now for some afternoon painting but will get a blog post together soon with some images from Charleston and Scottsdale.
Happy Souping!
You can rest your head on your Daddy’s shoulder
Metro: Smithsonian (Orange/Blue), Judiciary Square (Red), Archives (Yellow/Green). All of these stations are a few blocks away, but not too far.
Delta Opportunity School needed an emergency notification system, but was out of money. I (Willyn Webb) suggested a free group texting service like Celly. It worked so well that we now use Celly for daily staff communication by sending inspirational quotes, staff meeting notices, or to gather input prior to meetings, and to poll for feedback after meetings. Cells also allow increased administrations involvement with Professional Learning Communities (PLCs). Because it’s not possible for the administrators to attend each PLC in person, they could still stay connected. Each PLC is set up as a Cell and the administrators are members of each.
I am contorted and bent in weird ways. So is everyone else. And I think it is appreciating everyone (but especially my children) for their contortions that is an inner driver. I do hope it is could be a driver for the people I touch since lord knows I need all the breaks I can get.
However, the Cumbrian setting of the old rectory facing a reality-TV refurbishment in "Nights at the Gin Palace" has potential even if it like some stories works better for its buildup than its payoff. Barry works best when allowing us to enter his misfit and moping characters, for his plots may halt suddenly (if in rather Joycean style). All the same, seeing Barry outside of his Irish element makes for a useful and wisely chosen contrast with previous entries. Similarly, "The Penguins" about a plane full of characters over the polar regions leaves the reader curious--as one line overheard echoes that in the previous story!
And as much as I hate to admit it.
ventilation available and is the easiest to clean with its E-Z Clean tray.
The people of whom I speak are the first casualties of a war which most of Britain, indeed most Europeans, do not yet know they are fighting. They were our weakest flank, and they were the first to fall. They deserve our sympathy, our help and our protection, not our condemnation.
the next day i flew to baltimore to a three day meeting. i did get to explore the inner harbor and though i didn't have time to go to the aquarium or the other tourist sites, i did get to eat fantastic tapas and visit with peers. i also gave my first presentation to the crowd and i'm happy to say i survived it. *whew* the funniest story is one morning at breakfast i walked up to a table with two ladies i haven't met before - believe me, there is no mistaking my accent when you hear me. so as i introduce myself one lady pipes up and says, "oh i know your accent - you're from alabama. i'm from ___________ (she names a bidder on a recent contract that did not win the bid)" mind you, this was in a very sarcastic tone. i just smiled and said, "oh i'm sorry and i was an evaluator too...pity" just goes to show you to be nice to everyone, you never know who you will be seated next to at one of these meetings. even better i folded the antidote into my presentation when talking about the procurement process.
Dolls unlock a part of my heart that I cannot explain. When I pick up a doll, I see her story and I feel this tug in my heart to share her tale with the world. I have decided that they are a key to a magical garden in my own inner world : a world where the mind is not allowed to enter; no criticism thank you, no matter how constructive; no reality here! Only the beautiful, magical and wondrous!
*large pieces of paper
As law-abiding and not terribly brave senior citizens, we had opted out of Bersih 2 when it was banned, pronounced illegal, KL on lockdown etc. This time, like so many others, we decided we had to show our support for clean and fair elections. Needless to say we did not expect trouble, but prepared for it nevertheless - salt, wet towel etc in a backpack. We were confident the crowd would be disciplined and the police restrained after the debacle of Bersih 2.
As Bat Ye’or points out, while most of the workings of Eurabia are hidden from the public view, sometimes we can catch glimpses of it if we know what to look for.
“This is the problem, this is the legacy of Gough Whitlam, it looks like it’s going to be a legacy of Julia Gillard.
DP in light yellow from Itsy Bitsy.....
Christmas in Connecticut (1945) ... TCM ... 10 PM
Choose from square versions: The Compact Grow Table 60 x 60 x 30, the Classic Grow Table 90 x 90 x 30, and the Big Square Grow Table 120 x 120 x 30 Or rectangular versions: The Long Grow Table 102 x 90 x 30, the Handy Grow Table 90 x 60 x 30cm.
Mr taking a Bible study on Sunday
Matthew 9:24 says: “He said unto them, Give place: for the maid is not dead, but sleepeth. And they laughed Him to scorn.”
On Saturdays, Bx1 LTD/Bx2 local buses each run every 10-12 minutes (a steep reduction from the former 8-9 minute headway); evening service (when Bx1 LTD service ends and local service begins) is also less frequent, with each bus running every 20 minutes (joined 10-minute headway).
Real. Serious. Juju.
Prosecco, chilled
As his coffee was put down he asked 'is it decaff??'
Am I part of the solution or part of the problem? How long are cupcakes going to be the most popular pastry? And which pastry is going to be the one to kick the cupcake off its pedestal?
Laugh and the whole world laughs with you, cry.....you have to blow your nose.
Fennel seeds:1/2 tsp
JS - In five years I see myself writing and publishing what I write. I do see myself having a respectable amount of success, which I define as people enjoying the books that I write. I’m hoping that success lets me stay at home and write full-time but we’ll see about that when five years rolls around. As for five years ago, I never thought I would be here. I thought that I would be married and living the life of a wife and mother with a full-time job in an office somewhere. There are a few things that prevented me from getting there but I don’t feel bad about them. It’s our life events that shape who we are. I conquered a life threatening illness and it showed me what it was that I wanted to do with my life.
My List:
We arrived at the pub in a convoy of taxis (OK so just two taxis) and began a marathon session. It began with two glasses of red wine, followed by a cascade of pours from the nihonshu selection. The course was rounded out with an Asahi-produced Belgian style ale, and my remaining drink ticket went toward another beer.
Birth Day by Rocket from the Tombs
I can't walk by a door in my home without hearing that pshyco music (wweeh wweeh wweeh) as I see my head reflected back at me in the most unusual of bubbly shapes. And even though yesterday I was feeling the onset of a certain cold coming on...those knobs were going to meet their maker! I was in a shopping mood, and yet something must have been drastically wrong with me because after dragging a girlfriend round store after store to find who knows what, I came only with only flat black spray paint and birthday invitations. It was a proud day for Mr. vG. And the doorknob makeover begins...
They’ve both lived ten years apart, Hart having remarried and lost his bland young wife and infant son in childbirth and Eleanor making a quiet life with her impoverished father and his scientific writings. This current Duke of Kilmorgan doesn’t even bother asking himself if he can feel anything anymore, he’s just numb most of the time. That is, until Eleanor Ramsay in her threadbare, outdated clothing shows up on his doorstep, having been sent a nude photo of Hart (which she doesn’t mind looking at quite often). She’s worried he’s being blackmailed (not an unusual occurance for Mackenzies) and he decides to use her concern to employ her as a secretary while she “investigates” where the picture came from, keeping her close at hand – his hand (ahem).
Here are a few of me and my BFFs dressed in head to toe 80s attire. Would you believe we got 90% of our outfits from Forever 21? It's part of their Heritage 1981 line. This was all before we busted out the Karaoke machine and jammed to Madonna, Wham, Run DMC, Rick Springfield and so many more 80s classics.
Are you ready for a really long post about my horrible experience with Dengue Fever? Dengue Fever is also known as "Breakbone Fever", because as I so intelligently explained to my sister, your bones hurt so bad that your leg could break off and you wouldn't even know it. So obviously I'm not the greatest at explaining the disease, so I'll tell you my understanding, and you can read more here, if you want a more scientific explanation.
This is their first hit on their debut album and probably the song most people know by them. It's either a song about loneliness or one about sex toys. You decide. I think it's about the fear of relationships and real emotions.
Sketchbook plans:
have heard in Quebec County. Chapman says (Handbook of Birds of Eastern
lean ground beef (I used 97/3)
Between both stores, I spent $16.51 plus tax for about $150 worth of merchandise. That is a savings of 89% savings!
This piece was prepared for Run for Change by Dan Cumming, early volunteer, Technical Race Director for the Run for Change 5K Fun Run, and Editor of Running in the Zone (the blog and book).
The paper wrote itself in a few hours.
Nero is, or it can give a west coaset rapper something to rhyme 'suck' with.. It
humidity, our income, bills, taxes and expenditures.
the walls are a dark, mallard green. there is nothing to smell except cigarette smoke, guinness beer, and aftershave. you cannot smell the food at all. there are two dartboards hanging on the wall, and they are crumbling apart. the next dart that hits either of them will most likely shatter them both.
It is expected that the parents will exercise due care in selecting ‘baby sitters’ and that their instructions will be simple, clearly stated and useful (i.e. emergency contact information, meal and/or snack options, recreational activities and bed times, etc.).
fruit juice.
Investment and miscellaneous property debt (excluding property operational but including Carisbrook) carries debt of $33.869m. Here is a portfolio the DCC could do without. Investments like this are for organisations having a debt/equity ratio much much healthier than the DCC’s. Sold up, this portfolio could remove that debt and release the equity for further debt reduction. I recently did an exercise on this aspect and emailed it to Dave Cull copied to Paul Orders. Response? Zilch!
Your children will demand this of you. You will demand it of yourself.
I thought that things had gone pretty well for our first time as tooth fairies, all things considered, until later in the day, when Drew asked me why I had been washing his owl pillow in the bathroom sink the night before. He had seen it after all, even though I had tried to hide it! He's a little smarty pants - doesn't miss a thing!
D. In Weather 16-18
3) The Recipient must share Gift with the Giving Troll.
“Oh, they will,” Sally said,
Interesting News:
Absolutely horrendous viewing, and that was only from the limited amount I saw.
--Ch. 1: Through the Looking Glass
... and falling into the doorjamb due to a bad habit of clipping out with one foot and leaning the opposite direction.
U.S. DATES
Physician, author, “The Scientific Basis of Vegetarianism”
Following the circular or disk braiding, here's another how-to of Iron Age woolcraft.
After commenting on her hit supportive piece, that was beginning to draw the negative comments desired and setting the record straight on motives and what really went down, even the “Hyena’s of Inkville” editor Lou Brancaccio commented, admitting that we were right to questioned what we suspected were false or misleading claims.
Look, I’m going to make an admission, and you’re probably going to laugh at me. Not in that nice way. Oh no. More likely that sneery, dark way. You know The Coffee Report…the one in which I try my damnedest to convey the idea of being an expert? Well, I’m no expert. Here’s why;
scholarship, and an M.Litt in Economics from Oxford. Her career includes
The reformers in Liverpool and on this Blog say this, homophobic abuse and backstabbing has no place in a decent political party, especially not one that is hoping to save our people and our country, we will support our not only members but good friends. We were at all times going to work with people who supported Griffin, we accept we have differences of opinion and we were going to respect that however the Griffin/Dowson supporters decided they don’t like people who have different opinions and have now carried out these vile actions.
I watch as a rabbit runs through the gaps in the trees beside me, his eyes focused on my deepening breath.
Circles in Daffodil Yellow Modern Whimsy Organic by Laurie Wisbrun
Gerber several weeks ago introduced Caliche, an aged white rum, in an interview with The Wall Street Journal. His venture with Clooney, a separate activity, was briefly mentioned in the article but didn't get big media play until this week.
Sue has been doing some remedial open work. She has all the tools, we're just refining and fixing at this point because they're rusty. She's heeling like a dream, her retrieving is great, but we needed to do some recall polishing and now that's coming along too, her statics are perfect, I need to work the broad jump with her, as we've not done that in quite some time.
Where to buy? My faves are the Tiny Tush cloth wipes. They are cheap at around $15/dozen and have the right amount of terry cloth grooves for cleaning, but are also soft to baby’s skin. We’ve 36 wipes and that’s plenty for at home diaper changes and a stock pile in the diaper bag.
"Guilty as charged."
You'll be fine underneath the water
As for this particular track, it's another great example of the "Motown West" feel and sound that is heard on so many Mirwood 45's. Full of excitement, from the swirly strings, the cool vocals and tambourine hits that coincide with my heart beat when I hear tracks like this.
11. It's Looking Good*
CIVIL rights group Afriforum seized a Cape Town property belonging to the Zimbabwean state today, saying the move was the start of a “civil sanctions” campaign against President Robert Mugabe’s government.
No man can baptize his fellow man into the Body of Christ. This can be done only by almighty God. However, it is true that the Faith cometh by hearing the Word of God and sinners cannot believe unless they hear and they cannot hear unless God’s saints go to them with the saving Gospel, to plant and water, so that God will give the increase, and add such as are being saved. (Romans 10:12-15, Acts 2:47). “And believers were the more added to the LORD.” (Acts 5:14).
Yourself. We always hear about things that build character. In my opinion, saving builds character. To learn the self control required to regularly save and budget your money is no easy task. It will take practice, encouragement and focus to achieve. But it’s possible.
Day 7- a photo that makes you happy
The spanking was OK; it was the humiliation of being spanked in front of all the guests that made it so memorable.
Entering the whirlpool.
Where are my reinforcements Father?
You see... when I'm at work, call me cuckoo, but I WORK. As in to work. I agreed when I took the job that Large Corporation will pay a certain amount of money in exchange for me coming in every day and performing a particular service, so that's pretty much what I do. I don't paint my nails or read magazines or call my stupid boyfriend or text my 10 best friends or balance my checkbook or shop online for boots. It's not called lazy-ass-entitled-spoiled-motherfuckering, it's called WORK.
PINTO - Powerful Incendiary, Neatly Toasts Occupants
5!!!
LCD 2.5 inches LCD monitor
The bill, authored by Assemblyman Nathan Fletcher, R-San Diego and Assemblyman Wes Chesbro, D-Arcata, passed both the Senate and Assembly floor votes unanimously. There are over 250 craft brewers in California, many of which are expanding and adding jobs on a regular basis to meet demand. Nationwide, craft beer grew 11% last year while major brands were flat.
Today’s reading is from Acts 4:1-4. In it Peter and John are arrested because they are talking about Jesus to the people around them. They are so moved by Jesus and who He is and what He has done for them that they can not be quiet about it. And so the religious leaders have them arrested.
The most annoying side effect is the shear amount of time it can take to find an appropriate game. If you’re not careful you can get stuck on a 5000 ticket Metro Conquest server. Who the hell wants to be spawn trapped on Metro for six hours? Who the fuck has the time to play Metro for six hours? You can no longer jump safely into a server. You have to take a look at the server info page to be sure. So much for a quick game every now and then.
Rather, the avoidance of Israel and all its ideas and wares has become a weird way of life for some people, where the aim isn't to achieve tangible political goals but rather an inner sensation of super moral smugness.
Amina Alaoui and her fellow musicians on Arco Iris give us enchanting non-Western roots music. The ensemble includes Alaoui as vocalist, accompanied by violin, oud, flamenco guitar, mandolin and percussion players. As far as I can tell they're skilled on their instruments, but no trace of showy virtuosity is evident. This is direct transmission from soul to soul.
The food isn't bad, but it still needs some tweaks. They capitalize on a wood-burning oven for flatbread pizzas that often have a Middle Eastern bent. I had a sujuk pizza that had tons of flavor, but it was greasy and soggy in the middle, and the fresh arugula on top should have been picked through for yellow leaves. The menu's a little weird, too: on weekends they serve breakfast until 3, which is awesome, but you can't get anything off the lunch/dinner menu (say for example, a salad) other than pizza until after 3. It's kind of a bummer to sit in the sunny courtyard, and not be able to enjoy a fresh, light lunch. (UPDATE: The kind folks at Atwater Crossing itself commented below to note that lunch is in fact served before 3 now. Awesome!)
Surfaces. Doilies, table clothes, 'deck protectors'. Enough said. You can put frills on it, drape it, have it long or short. This isn't everyone's cup of tea of course which is where we come to...
As for the final presentation and other proposed products for the spring semester, please give me another day or two to provide what you request. I have been working on a paper for a presentation tomorrow. After tomorrow, I should be able to work up a response to your request.
Discovery Channel- L.A. 10,000 B.C. (About Los Angeles during the Ice Age.)
Can I get a huzzah for a great Easter weekend?
VIRGINIA.
Honestly, I love that R. Gregory Christie created the art for this book. I’m one of Greg’s biggest fans. Greg’s wonderful art is perfect for this project. When I look at the art for this book, I and can’t help but smile. Greg’s naive folk art style nods towards Bill Traylor’s own art style. And what author would complain about having a three-time Coretta Scott King award recipient illustrate their book?
Okay so my opinion? First of all, the people making death threats against this woman are even more crazy than she is for having not one but two litters of children.
8:53 - Call Jeremy to see if trading vehicles is an option
Bake for 25 minutes or until the macaroons are light golden. They should be firm on the outside but slightly soft in the middle.
anyway, the other day, i was watching the "real housewives of new jersey" reunion show ( i know, i know, leave me alone), and was really diggin' the white louis IV-style white furniture on the set. i, for the life of me, couldn't find the brand name to show you guys a proper example of what it was, but it inspired me to DIY-it. i have seen a lot of designers play with this all-too-classic style of furniture (i guess because it is so traditional that lots of furniture designers feel the need to put their spin on it? i don't know), and this "rubberized" look is also a popular one.
Leif: Gee, I don’t know. Why did the chicken cross the road?
If you own real estate or own a business in Downtown Mesa. You are dreading the day that Light Rail Construction is to Begin in Mesa. The first signs of light rail construction will be seen this month as they begin to mark, drill test holes and prepare other measures. However you view it, construction is to begin a year earlier than plan, which means it will also stop a year earlier than planed. In the end this mean life will be able to get back to normal sooner.
“Yes, some economic measures could be taken but … this is not an automatic decision, but only an indication, depending on how the resolution is implemented,” Lavrov said.
One wonders why Nolan never attempts to address the issue of invading someone else's mind as a moral issue in this movie. In fact, he seems so caught up in the mechanics of the plot to develop any larger theme about dreams and the ideas contained in our mind. For a movie that proposes itself to be a thinking man's blockbuster, did "Inception" ever have anything to say beyond telling us to not hold onto the memories of our past? That is not exactly a groundbreaking revelation, considering how many films feature men being haunted by their dead wives. Nolan needed to show us the life of the mind, as John Goodman said in "Barton Fink". Instead, he introduces a fascinating concept and shows ambivalence towards exploring its implications.
This is true, but this is not Warsi was or is alluding to, what she in fact is doing is positioning Muslims alongside the the Jewish holocaust and setting the stage to portray the Muslims as a persecuted people.
01. Welcome To Tiny Tim's World
We have demonized this word on the already too large alter of political correctness. If you say profiling then automatically it is insinuated that you mean “racial” profiling. In truth what Hollywood calls profiling and the media demonizes the F.B.I. calls “criminal investigative analysis”. Which is in effect the third wave of investigative science.
I picked up the script on Monday and immediately took it to the Target pharmacy, the same pharmacy I used last time to fill it. Of course, they are out of the afternoon (lower dosage) pill. They will have to special order it and it will be in by Friday.
A change is coming and I can never go back.
Two of the most intriguing characters in Predator are Hog – a seriously deranged individual who kidnaps and tortures others – and Basil Jenrette – a serial killer and former police officer. Cornwell’s depiction of the minds of these psychopaths is masterful. We see the events of the novel firsthand through their eyes, and as Stasio points out, Cornwell brings these villains to “full, frightening life.”
His bones unburied on her fields
7 Sweet Lump
Campaign Shake-Up
This is my new love. It’s pink, it smells great and it works.
The Little Bit/Underage/Silence Can Be a Headline
they stand tall and walk strong,
Foreseeable future minute coupon office is determined by fifty percent.
If you are not familiar with the story, Nietzsche made a big scene about walking home deliberately against the rain from school when he was all, “Hey guess what I am so turgid and Wagner-like and uber-gross-human” I would read that and think, God, Freddy, you really are such a jack-ass,is this before your make-out with horses days? Oh oops, syphilis, just when I was being all “whip to the women” I accidentally went dick to the prostitutes,okay I so did not just say that. Made you stronger eh boy? Made you cray-cray, not that he didn’t start out that way, but whatev. I do like to make his name rhyme with Peachee btw,just to show some disrespect.
"You know, I'm no prude, but all this weenie talk is just too much!"
"And if you don't?"
remembered forever. It involves the
The two women have an instant rapport, and Eleanor is fascinated by all her companions and amazed that they find her interesting and worth talking to. Even when the house starts acting up at night, Eleanor is more happy to be away from her family and out in the world than scared of the supernatural presence. The group spends most of their days joking with each other, exploring the grounds, and making fun of the dour housekeeper. Their nights are spent drinking brandy, playing chess, and eventually going to bed only to be woken up by strange noises in the hallways. Things escalate when Eleanor's name is written on the walls in chalk and blood. Eventually the tight-knit group blows apart -- but is it the fault of the ghosts or the fault of the humans?
Son 1 went to college, we moved the kids rooms around and i got a workout room! a treadmill, an elliptical, a Wii (with lots of exercise games/stuff), exercise ball, adjustable weights a big tv on the wall, netflix, satellite, DVD player/recorder, anything i could possibly need to do exercise and not get bored. i have new towels, even a shelf filled with bottles of water.
IAC
14. What is your mom's favorite food? "carbohydrates"
Celeb to Binbo Taro
5 photos of a lizard basking on a rock
Why is it that the human experience is characterized by an unnamed yearning? Always, we are in the moment, yet haunted by the sense that something is amiss. It's a funny tension which grows when we throw the locus of our awareness on it, but seems to abate when we are diverted, distracted -- whether by work, leisure or a challenge of some sort engaging our skill set.
B3 xo
TY BURRELL / Phil Dunphy – “MODERN FAMILY” (ABC)
Incase you missed the big post about this weekend (and part ONE of the DSD freebie!) please make sure you read THIS POST.
when the robbers came in...would they have taken her hostage or worse yet would they have shot her?
Obdulio Ruiz Diaz, 44, New York, N.Y.
On the contrary, as I read the accounts of over thirty women who had married Joseph Smith in his lifetime, I realized what troubled me most about early Mormon polygamy had nothing to do with sex and everything to do with the nature of God. Because if polygamy really was a true principle, that meant my Father in Heaven was an Old Testament dictator who viewed
But strength lies in the strength of the roots.
So there you have it, a day in The Life of Riley. Pretty darn good if you ask me. Something I really want to continue doing for many years to come. I can keep hoping and praying and see where the good Lord leads me.
But all whole three Persons are co-eternal together: and co-equal.
sign a license agreement with Access Copyright (AC) based on the model that it
11 Khaleej Times on India being a junk-mail country. India has emerged as the world’s top source of junk mail as spammers make use of lax laws and absent enforcement to turn the country into a centre of unsolicited email. A recent report by Kaspersky Lab, a Moscow-based global Internet security firm, says more spam was sent from the south Asian giant than anywhere else in the world in the third quarter of the year. An average of 79.8% of email traffic in the three months to the end of September was junk. Of that, 14.8% originated in India, 10.6% came from Indonesia, and 9.7% from Brazil. Vijay Mukhi, an Internet security specialist in India’s financial capital, Mumbai, said spammers, forced to look for new bases after other countries cracked down on the practice, can act with impunity in India. ‘We have an Information Technology Act that was introduced in 2000. But we don’t have any convictions under it and it’s silent on spam,’ he told AFP. ‘If I’m a spammer, I would rather spam from India to India and the rest of world because nothing will happen to me.’ India’s booming mobile phone sector, which has recently seen the introduction of third-generation smart phones, also provides a potential open door for spam and malware (malicious software), industry figures say.
Wack Lizard: As long as you never tell another joke. Ever. Again.
So... did this work???
With all thats been going on here lately we totally furgot a big event! Uncle puppy turned 2!!! Can you believe it? We sure can not. So pretend this is 3/1/12 and help us celebrate!!!
Of all the Temples I visited, my personal pick is Pura Taman Saraswati, at Ubud within the palace premises, dedicated to the Goddess that is my namesake – Saraswati Devi (for knowledge, wisdom and intellect). Frangipani trees, lotus stalks a foot above the water, well-preserved motiffs, absolute serenity, flecks of red, gold – green waters and ivy …the place is for those who seek solitude in prayer.
(9/10)
Today's lesson...be really open to what it takes even the stuff I don't know and I can't see or for-see.
Earlier this week I took the kids to Melbourne Zoo and along the Elephant trail there are these gorgeous stools, love the look and colour, plus glazed pots and the pendant light pictured below.
The state-as-matchmaker plan came after Abdullahi made an emotional plea on Kano radio for husbands for desperate widows and divorcees.
Much of the action takes place at the psychological level. The book starts with the main hero, Chris, who was in (way) Upstate New York at the time of the first major outbreak finally returning to his home town in England looking for any remnants of his family and friends. There is some obvious tension between them, and then we flash back to his immediate doings before he arrived. It is this one year precursor period that is our primary timeline, and we work our way through it until we catch back up to the beginning scenes of the novel. Throughout the novel their are flashbacks to the extreme difficulties that Chris had in trying to make it home to England. Flashbacks within a flashback sounds confusing, but it works reasonably well.
A potentially ambiguous headline in today's paper:
Currently the highest and longest zipline in Asia, it was first and has got to be the BEST Zipline experience I’ve had! (Other ziplines I saw just didn’t compare). Nothing beats the depth and the length. And the setting! The lines are between two mountains with a flowing river at the valley between.
This man is also supremely smug and arrogant. Is that what editorial office does to you? Or was he smug and arrogant before he got his top job? He’s had a privileged background – Oxbridge (PPE) and probably public school, where he would have met other Islamists and budding Islamoterrorists. Oh, the Oppressed Muslims!
Connie is releasing the first product in a new line of template packs on Friday and I want to play with them tonight so I'm going to make this post a quick (but fun) one.
* REGISTRATION Deadline: Friday June 29th, 2012 *
A hand shot up.
There was some local chatter about it being tasty fried chicken, and that's all I know. What long out lasted the chicken spot were the painted signs. Unavoidable, like magnets to the eye, with their giant screaming yet somehow modest black letters on baby chick yellow walls. The largest on the side of a building at Clinton and Atlantic Aves.
This activity is free, however it is only to be used for classroom and personal use. It may not be published on any websites or other electronic media, or distributed in newsletters, bulletins, or any other form or sold for profit.
She said that too often, women were made to feel wretched about their size as they were constantly comparing themselves with ‘unattainable’ figures of celebrities and models…
Paula Al-Lach, Head of Exhibitions and Events at BBC Worldwide formally accepted the keys to the Experience’s distinctive new home in Cardiff Bay this afternoon and the first exhibits are already being moved in.
This idea, may sound ill-suited at first, is however a very valuable innovation. We all know that the flight experience differs greatly depending on the persons we sit next to. It is always nice to be seated next to someone, who the passenger can connect and enjoy the airtime. This is especially important in long distances. KLM has decided to launch this service to guarantee a satisfactory flight experience. The airline has done some careful thinking here. KLM knows from its demographics that the core of its passengers are business people and it also knows that the majority of its complaints arise from customers whose inflight experiences have been marred by having to sit next to someone they would never have chosen to sit next to themselves.
The other reason I launched “The Factory” is to keep things Fresh…it’s the reason we launch a new training by a respected leader along with a lead pulling capture page every two weeks.
Patrick Boothe ~ Dance All Night ~ Streetwave ~ 1982
* ignore my feelings
Always always always have a solicitor
*This is where I would insert a cute picture of us, but because my picasa is full and they want more money for more storage and I haven't gone back and deleted old pictures, you get this very long run on sentence!
And even darkened mind quiver with new life
“You’re welcome. Now let’s get the hell out of here!” Zak grabbed her hand, pulling her towards the door that led outside to a courtyard behind the cathedral, “Look at this mess you made. Vampires can’t use my medallion, doing that is just a cat call for demons. You still have the master’s blood inside you and the demons are nuts about getting a taste of that stuff.” He gave her a nasty glare as he pulled her along, Addison barely able to walk and teetering on her shaky legs, “Do you want to get eaten? If you were scared of the other vampires coming after you, you just should of stayed with me instead of going off and doing something stupid like this. I said I was going to help you, why didn’t you just listen to me?”
I had an awesome black marker that I left at a crop once, and I still find myself reaching for it. I can't find it to buy anywhere. It was a freebie giveaway in an expo goodie bag.
I’ve never met a better manipulator of language; sure I’ve read the works of great ones, but you were the best that I knew. The way you twist your words to inflect hidden meanings like how you describe your lack of appreciation for the art you expertly practise. The way you fight not with fists but through the images you painted with your vocabulary. Our arguments were always fraught with analogies and metaphors developed so richly and beautifully. How often I became entangled in the web of your complex art as your hapless prey. Your letters. Your letters filled with orgasmically delightful descriptions that painted novels. A picture is worth a thousand words? Your letters filled thousands of galleries.
About a year later, the boy became the first person from mainland China to attend Harrow, one of Britain’s most exclusive private schools, which according to its website currently charges £30,930 annually.
8. Serve hot with garnished coriander leaves on the top.It goes well when served with warm roti , poories or even plain rice.
Shooting – India has produced several world champions and an Olympic champion.
We NEVER sat there (we sit at the dining table instead) and decided we could better use the space.
Not to be confused with ‘listening similar to’ El Guapo.
I was the lucky one: somehow you never got me so fully under your sway that I couldn’t pay you off. You never got to turn your extortion goons on me.
3) Then use the sketch posted above and make your own project and post it on Sketches4All. Don't forget to put in the hidden word you found from our blogs when you post your project on the site. More information about the sketch is at the site.
Frederic Vidal
Vaux had four children in total with his wife Mary McEntee, who hailed from Kingston, NY, where they are both buried.
While I'm trying to figure out what to do for my next challenge (I think I know the what I just haven't worked around the how yet...) I decided to do a little coloring. I find coloring to be very restful. I think it's because I always loved to color as a kid and this is like the grown-up version of that activity. It wasn't until I'd started coloring this that I realized there is this weird bubble at the bottom of the dress on the right-hand side. It was drawn that way. I'm not sure why, but even though I hate how it makes her look weird, I didn't want to stop coloring. Here it is:
And now, for a bit of musical relief on a cloudy day, a sunny Sara Bareilles jam I’ve been into the past couple of days:
This week Marion made the sketch and you can find it on the end of this post ;o) Regarding the sketch, please make a link to this post in stead of placing the sketch on your own blog. If someone wants to join us they can find the sketch here and get inspired by the cards of our DT members .... Thanks!
But dominant self-control isn't only useful in conflict situations, it's also usefully applicable to situations where a woman is attempting to get a rise out of you, either through sexual provocation or a shit test. Do exactly the same thing. Don't react, breathe, blink, ask for her to repeat herself. You'll find that you can make a woman who is striking a provocative pose to blush and stammer simply by not reacting and calmly asking her to repeat herself once or twice. Of course, because you've gone from played to player, and because women are naturally attracted to both social and sexual dominance, this will tend to create attraction even where none initially existed.
Even with the issue I had, I recommend romance readers give this one a try and if they haven't read Jill Shalvis before then please do. If you don't normally read contemporary romance then Jill Shalvis is a great place to start and Animal Magnetism is a great series to start with!
Guess it's all a matter of perspective.
Before I jump into our story, I wanted to let you know why I have been so quiet lately... actually, for the past two months. Our computer has finally given out (after almost a decade of loyal service!) We have been pulling the money together (seriously... after property taxes on December 10th and Christmas, is there anything left!?) :-) It looks like Santa will be bringing us a new computer for Christmas and I will get right back to my normal posting... lots of fun layouts, projects, product reviews and family stuff. Thanks for hanging in there during my absence!!!
Heung Bu Nol Bu is a Korean folk tale about two brothers. Heung Bu is poor, and Nol Bu is wealthy. Heung Bu saves a bird from a snake in his garden one day. He binds the bird’s broken leg and is rewarded with a magic seed. The seed grows into a great gourd with treasure inside. Seeking to replicate the experiment, Nol Bu breaks a bird’s leg and ties it together, hoping for the same magic seed. The bird instead gives him a seed for a gourd filled with demons.
So if you feel to play it out with someone, first ask yourself what will it achieve? If you are trying to resolve a lingering emotion inside yourself or a judgement on ‘what happened’, remember that the past is gone. So even if your mind insists that you were provoked by another, only you can help yourself by letting the lingering feeling flush through you. When someone has been on the receiving end of violence from another person, they do not go back to that person and ask them to heal the bruises they inflicted. They retreat and let the body do it’s inner work. The same principle applies here for peace.
I pulled a hot iron on my thigh;
I had the pleasure of photographing Claire and Danny’s wedding last weekend at Cottons in Knutsford, thay have been pals of mine for years and it was such a beautiful day and night and I loved photographing there special day, they just let me just do my thing, no posed shots and all photo journalistic style which is the way I love to shoot and be non-obtrusive.
This series has the potential to be interesting, not because of talent but because of ole’ father time. Talent wise, I still believe that the Celtics bring more to the table. 3 HOFers and the best set up man in the game in Rondo. They are a year older though, and Ray Allen has been hurt. The Hawks have talented players like Josh Smith, Joe Johnson and Marvin Williams but do they have anyone to stop Paul Pierce’s fade away when the game is on the line. Not to mention, Doc Rivers will put them in the position to win games in this series. I do see it going 7 games with the home court making the difference.
. . . changing you?
Do you know that I have no fear?
So, last Thursday I had an insane amount of veggies left. I still had 3 beets, 3 turnips, and a whole bag of pok choi. I decided to pickle everything and see how it turned out! I’ve never pickled before, so I was pretty confused about everything. I mixed a couple different recipes…I happen to think it turned out amazing. Tangy and a little bit sweet, with an amazing color.
5.) Ta-daa. . . On-the-streets pictures -- can you still your beating heart? I took these in the town near our village, but I promise you, you will not be disappointed.
Prentice pleaded guilty, after being charged for theft of the cheese valued at EC$5.15.
High speed DNA cannot live in a field of it’s opposite. There is so much responsibility that comes with raising your vibration. The first responsibility is to yourself. What is amplified for the highest good, will break down equally as fast. This is truly a power point for the Ascending Human!! Also, a major choice point. You either state within yourself… yes, I am taking the game as far as I vibrationally can…or you say, nope, this is as far as I am going in this lifetime. Yes there are casualties of choices here, but I am not going to talk about them.
Please also remember the reasons behind these values may not be "techincally correct" but they are my interprutation of them, what fits into our lives and what I believe
I wasn’t really given any specific personal guidance about dealing with this, and neither Betsy nor Orion expressed an opinion about whether Bertram was on the up-and-up. There was a discussion, though, about how it often happens that whole crowds of entities surround the channel, all clamoring to speak at once. The advice was to ask Orion or another guide to act as a gatekeeper and let only one in at a time.
8 oz. canned mushrooms
I felt so alone. No, not alone. I felt so insignificant. Small. No one was there for me to talk to. There was no God, no spirits, no greater beings that I could believe in to give me hope and strength to continue on. Continue where? Why?
-Bring a large pot of water to boil. Cook pasta according to the package directions. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup of pasta water. Set aside.
I will be picking up a white chip tonight or tomorrow after 81 days without a drink.
Please call Stephen @ 281-890-1004 for more information or to make an appointment.
Anyway my whole family came, the bar was brilliant (Ryan's Bar), the food before was delicious (The Reformed Fox), the weather was excellent (I've been so lucky the last 6 or so years with this -it is rather flukey!), the music was top...it was all great! And I woke up to a warm sunny morning where I was a two minute walk from Columbia Road Flower Market and a delicious bakery...
Imagine hives everywhere and then imagine those hives having hives...
Neptune Collonges made a flying start to his career in France, winning two chases at Pau over 2m1f as a back-end three-year-old. He followed up later in the season with another two victories at the south-west track before progressing to race at France’s premier jumping course, Auteuil. The grey gelding’s first appearance in Paris saw him unseat jockey Christophe Pieux before securing his first Auteuil win in the Prix Fleuret on April 20, 2005, which also marked his first Graded chase victory. With just one blot on an otherwise spotless juvenile record, it was no surprise that Neptune Collonges caught the eye of prolific bloodstock agent Anthony Bromley, who purchased him as a four-year-old for British owner John Hales. He made his first appearance for trainer Paul Nicholls in Britain in November, 2005, winning a novices’ hurdle at Chepstow by seven lengths. It wasn’t long before he accrued more black type, taking the Grade Two River Don Novices’ Hurdle at Wetherby in February, 2006, followed by a Grade Two novices’ hurdle at Haydock a fortnight later. His ended that season with third behind Black Jack Ketchum in the Grade One Sefton Novices’ Hurdle at Aintree. Neptune Collonges finished second to Our Vic at Wetherby on his seasonal debut for the 2006/2007 campaign and went on to win the Rehearsal Chase at Newcastle on his next start. A brief return to hurdling saw him finish sixth behind Mighty Man in the Grade One Long Walk Hurdle at Ascot. Neptune Collonges fell in the Grade Two Argento Chase at Cheltenham in January, 2007, and he returned to Prestbury Park to finish eighth behind Kauto Star in the Betfred Cheltenham Gold Cup. He completed the season on a high note when winning the Punchestown Gold Cup, his first victory at the highest level. Neptune Collonges continued to show himself as a high-calibre chaser in the 2007/2008 season as he captured a Listed handicap chase at Wincanton and combined with his stable- mates Denman and Kauto Star to provide a memorable one-two-three for Nicholls in the 2008 Betfred Cheltenham Gold Cup. Better was yet to come as he returned to Punchestown to successfully claim back-to-back wins in the Punchestown Gold Cup. After falling on his first start of the 2008/2009 term in the Grade One Lexus Chase at Leopardstown, Neptune Collonges recorded his third Grade One chase success at the same course in February, 2009, with a five-length victory over Notre Pere in the Irish Hennessy Gold Cup. He returned to Cheltenham the following month and ran another excellent race in the Betfred Cheltenham Gold Cup, this time coming home fourth behind Kauto Star, Denman and Exotic Dancer. He missed the whole of the following season and commenced the 2010/2011 campaign with a pair of disappointing effort in handicap chases as he was brought down early on in the Hennessy Gold Cup at Newbury and finished down the field in a Listed handicap at Cheltenham. Neptune Collonges bounced back to form with a game success in the Argento Chase at Cheltenham in January, 2011, but a couple of jumping errors cost him on his fourth appearance in the Betfred Cheltenham Gold Cup and he could only finish eighth behind Long Run. He ended the season by coming home sixth under top weight in the Scottish Grand National at Ayr the following month. This season began with another disappointing run in the Hennessy Gold Cup at Newbury on November 26, when he was pulled up with three fences left, but he posted a better effort to take fourth in an Ascot Listed handicap on December 17. Further improvement followed as Neptune Collonges rallied to take second under top weight in a Sandown handicap chase on January 7, when he was conceding
What prevents it becoming a golden ale ('prevents' in the most pleasing sense, I should add) is the gradual spread of the most delicious malts, which counter the hop sharpness with gentle swathes of cookie dough and crusty granary loaves.
And here's another thing. If you go back far enough (perhaps to the beginning of the last century, before the wars brought first the necessity and then the skinflint habit of printing on inferior paper) the pages of most old books are actually pretty tough. Anyone who's had a paperback published will already know the embarrassment of being asked to sign a fairly new book that's going yellow at the edges and falls apart in your hands. Seventeenth century books are much more robust (they're often better printed too - particularly the pictures - but that's another story). Most of them can still stand up to being used for what they were meant for: reading.
“Let the words of my mouth, and the meditation of my heart, be acceptable in Thy sight, O LORD, my strength, and my redeemer.” (Psalm 19:14)
This means if a publisher needs to sell a game for 100-120$ retail to break even they can. If a game can be sold for 69.99$ it can. If a low budget game is being launched 39.99$ not an issue. Fact is us gamers have been paying high costs for our games for generations.
My final batch of biscuits arrived when I was at work, and I got an email from Mr Soup telling me that there was a Christmas-y parcel waiting for me - I couldn't wait to get home and see what was inside. These were perhaps the most well packaged parcel I've ever received! It was a bit like playing pass-the-parcel with layers and layers of bubble wrap - but the 'present' a the end was definitely worth it - 2 lovely parcels of 'Nutella cookies' - hazelnut biscuits dipped in chocolate and chopped nuts from Helen at Bakery Cottage. Mr Soup took one parcel off to work where they were very happily received. (The bubble wrap has already been used for wrapping Christmas presents!). Helen was also responsible for our first Christmas card of the year - a lovely start to the festive season.
That may seem like a bit of an unfair trade, but this isn't any ordinary quick bread. It's full of wholesome ingredients that manage to make it comforting (that's the pumpkin and banana talking) and exciting (that tropical coconut, again) at the same time.
Oh. This isn't a Bible teaching by the way, so you aren't going to see a bunch of Scripture passages. Mostly because I don't all of them off the top of my head, and this is a blog, and so I am just writing free form with whatever come into my head. Sort of like a journal except all 5 of you can read it.
French onion soup is one of those foods that captured me utterly as a child and I've loved it since the first moment I tasted the hot, salty beef broth full of tender onions, gooey cheese, and soup-soaked bread. It quickly became one of those items that, if I saw it on a restaurant menu, I had to order it. Maybe it's that childhood memory, but even after having had it countless of times at many varied dining establishments, from the modest to the highbrow, I still think Mimi's Cafe, the location of that first taste of heaven, serves some of the best French onion soup around.
Some have to fight with the mother-in-law,
Why should I?
I miss my gran. She'd know what to say.
Alex is 4.5, Max is 2.5 years old.
As I anticipate, the guests turn their back on the doomsday prophet and focus their attention on the Iranian erection.
My last card is for the Unity Challenge - which is a color challenge to use Pink, Green and off-white. I choose my paper first - this one is from Cosmo Cricket Tea for Two 6x6 pad - perfect for the color challenge. And because this paper felt a little vintage I decided to use this great Unity set called For the Record. And the sticker letters are from the Echo Park paper set that matches these stamps.
So I don't often get sick but when I do, I don't muck around. And this time is no different. Not only do I still cough like an old smoker, but in the past few days I've had to content with a sharp pain right under my right boob every time I take anything more than a shallow breath in. I think I've pulled a muscle in my chest. It means that while I'm well enough to be back at work, I am inclined to hold my right chest puppy instinctively every time I cough.
Nurses are required to regularly wash their hands and disinfect bed frames and mattresses, but underestimate the risk of infection from dirty pillows, a report said.
Needless to say, I cannot wait to see the movie. I think Jennifer Lawrence is gorgeous and probably will play an amazing Katniss. And more than anything, I can’t wait to see Lenny Kravitz play the eccentric Cinna.
Among the hits will be ‘He Ain’t Heavy He’s My Brother’, ‘The Air That I Breathe’, ‘The Crying Game’, Handbags and Gladrags’ and ‘Game of Love’.
I really should step outside and get my wiggles out.
There is NO NEED TO WORRY about serious complications to diabetes if
inclined to question the
Ask yourself: If we were to receive these returns on our social media engagement, would that make our efforts worthwhile? The value of some of these insights is easily quantified in dollars (reduced support costs) others are hard to put a price on (learning something about your community you never knew — that could be priceless).
Mike FulleR, New OfficiaL NamE Of Fred Vidal, PhD In a Few Months To Propose To His Party A First LocaL MeeTinG In March, Then A NationWide!
Wishing you a way to Reflect, Refresh, and Laugh a Whole Lot,
It may be cliched to say that stepping into the Marquis of Lorne is like stepping back in time but in this case it is fitting. Approaching the pub you notice the original ornate tiles outside. It is hard to think many breweries or pubco's today would lavish money on something so ornamental. Much more likely to invest in a Sky subscription and a Big Screen. Thoughts of an interior to match are dashed as we get inside. This is pub three in our crawl, and as much a change from the Queens Head than is possible. On the inside its a faded boozer with character (or characters as the case may be). Looking round the pub seems to be pretty much exclusively regulars. The pool table is in constant use and there are signs that the dart board gets its fair share also.
"Talk About It" is also a really big stand out. This song will get up and dancing for sure. And "Meat Beer And Chocolate" not only has a great title, but the song rages as well.
What happened so far
The Move- Curly
ALSO must warn your Significant Other of the same (unless you want your offspring to pick up some interesting new non-minimalist vocabulary about f***ing %$%£% deathtraps etc).
The above is for calculation purposes only, you can, of course, set the retail price to your liking as long as print costs are covered.”
And just a quick shout-out to our good mate and long time Ale Star, Kelv, who is heading off to conquer Perth and drink a lot more of the WA Craft Beer a lot fresher. A top bloke and a loyal mate and true friend of Craft Beer. His last regular Ale Star event was last night's and I'd like to take the opportunity to wish him all the best and to thank him for his company on the journey so far. Cheers and Good Luck mate.
Granulated sugar- 1/4 cup
Clanconnel, Weaver's Gold is definitely worth a try - Well done Mark!
I couldn't leave without seeing some of these outfits in action. Ashley and I had so much fun putting together new outfits and especially posing in them at the end!
Today Matt called me at about 4:30pm while I was at the doctor with all four kids to let me know we were going with him within the hour to Evansville, IN. He had some things he needed to deliver to the Toyota offices in Princeton, IN just north of Evansville. The kids were pumped to go on this last minute trip to a hotel with a pool.
So, yes, life has been interesting. In other news, the kiddos are fine. Her Majesty starts kindergarten in 5 weeks, and I have only one daycare payment left. FOREVER. We are doing the summer camp shuffle with Wonder Boy (who should now be called Wonder Pre-Adolescent) which is only challenging in that I planned summer camp when I was working in one location and am now working in an entirely different location so have much more driving at rush hour than I was anticipating. (My afternoons over the last 2 weeks? Driving from my temporary offices at I-35 and 290, to W.B.'s Magic Camp in deep East Austin off Cesar Chavez to Her Majesty's daycare at 34th and Mopac. And then home to South Austin. Yes, I am beat down at the end of the day.)
Moon grinned cheekily and then began to lick his own bollocks.
I hope this weekend to get some creating done.I like to go to some yard sales,thrift stores.We will see.And hope to be posting some pictures of what I am doing and or creating.
Once these diaries were fetched and read out by the officers themselves – after the judge had read them through first – it told a different story to the one they had agreed upon for us mere mortals to hear in court.
tanguera-2:
Mr. Gebbia was followed by mr Libin, CEO of Evernote. Evernote wans to be the place were you save data (photos, pictures, notes, everything) so you always have your memory at hand. The thing I remembered the most was his talk about why you should be an enterpreneur or not.
Poor Josh had a pretty dramatic night-time face plant in the gravel, but he cleaned up nicely and still had a good time.
Painted black and white
I went to Crema Cafe on Tuesday and was surprised to see that two of their pastries were labeled (labeled!) as gluten free. They had a coconut macaroon, and some nebulous bar type thing that was labeled as a “cranberry pistachio” bar. It looked like it was made with oats, but it was very difficult to tell.
This 4 bedroom East Longmeadow, MA home is open and bright, featuring a fantastic floor plan, perfect for entertaining! The large, inviting spacious living room in this lovely 4 bedroom East Longmeadow, MA home has gleaming hardwood floors and a cozy, inviting fireplace.
The swollen battery fix: Oh, you want to know how to fix your swollen battery!? Okay, you get some Torx screwdrivers, and open up the battery. Inside, you’ll see six flat silver envelopes. Get a pin. Go to a very well-ventilated place, hold your breath – and prick a small hole in each swollen envelope. There will be a great rush of toxic vapours, probably fluoridated gases with high climate forcing potential, the atmosphere will sag unhappily, and the end of the world will come a little closer. (Okay, I exaggerate slightly.) Put a little bit of tape over the pinholes. Internal gases should still escape, but tape might slow down any oxidation of battery contents (this is purely speculative). Re-assemble battery. Your problem should be solved, although from now on, the continual imperceptible slow release of God alone knows what toxic vapours from your lap will be adding slack to your mortal coil.
Western Astrology
Close with a tight fitting lid and simmer for 15 minutes or till the rice is perfectly cooked.
iTunes-style carbon befitting for songs - I can't acquaint you how abounding times I've bought a song and in actuality forgot about it, or played a song already and had it get absent in a acreage of far added accustomed songs. Yes, you can arrangement songs by alphabet (band or song title), appraisement (how able-bodied you performed on a song, not how abundant you like it), antecedent (RB1, RB2, DLC, etc.), decade, and genre; but these don't achieve it abundant easier to acquisition those attenuate gems that may accept drifted into obscurity as you played Aqualung for the twenty-seventh time. Award music in iTunes is so quick and intuitive, Harmonix could apprentice a assignment from Apple. The afterward belief should be added to the music arrangement list:
15g (tablespoon) salt
instructions of very nice Apple person on telephone. Twenty
I pick my daughter up from school every day and I love that little girl chatter all the way home. She is full of news about what her class had for snack, who she played with outside at recess and all sorts of other things.
1934 The birth of boxer Henry Cooper, boxer. He was known for the effectiveness of his left hook, "Enry's 'Ammer", and his knockdown of the young Muhammad Ali. Cooper, who died on 1st May 2011, held the British, Commonwealth and European heavyweight titles several times throughout his career and is the only boxer to have been awarded a knighthood.
She's confused .. wondering where she is... since she never sleeps here : )
Seven conspirators line the streets, all in different locations, yesterday preparing to assassinate the Archduke. He was set towards city hall, and as the royal car approached Gabrinovic, he threw a bomb that bounced off of the car and exploded near the following car. The Archduke and his wife continued on to City Hall, and retraced their previous path after the ceremonies were over. This put them in the range of Princip. Amazingly the car stopped directly in front of him and he fired the two deadly shots.
The next step, once your cone is assembled, is to use your hole punch to punch five holes: one in the exact center of the front, one hole about 1/2 an inch away from the center hole on either side, and two holes on the back point. Now, take your ribbon, and run it from the inside of your cone to the outside through each of the back holes, leaving a loop for hanging. you want both ends of ribbon to be fairly even, so adjust accordingly. Now, wrap the ribbon around the outside of the cone, and go through the first hole, come back out the center hole. Repeat on the other side. This is where you can get creative. You can tie a bow in the ribbon and call it finished or go ahead an embellish it any way you want. I used a wide ribbon for my flower cones, so I opted to tie a knot and hot glue a seashell over the knot with the remaining ribbon hanging like streamers. Overall, the result is very elegant, and I like I said, easy to assemble.
Everyone survived and was able to fully recover, but this day will always hold another meaning to me and not be just a day of practical jokes.
This album isn’t out yet, but I have heard it and I’m convinced it’s my album of the summer. So much fun.
Saint is completely retarded at other dog interaction. As much as I love him so much that I could hug the fur right off his hide, I have to admit that it’s the truth. He won’t play with any other dogs he just lays down and is like,”Duh, Mom what does that dog want from me?” At first it sort of bothered me, but then I remembered that he is with US and ALL our people friends all the time, so he must think he his really a people. The more I think about it, the more I love him for being a dog retard, because before we had him we had a couple mini schnauzers that ONLY wanted each other, and wouldn’t play with US for all the Milkbones in Mississippi. I really wanted doggie people games, but those two weren’t willing to play along. Saint, on the other hand is almost obnoxious with his need for doggie people games. I think I like the fact that we are the center of his universe, it makes me feel like we are all a team.
Chief among the administration’s stipulations for a waiver: The adoption of college-and-career-ready standards (a.k.a. national standards). National standards and tests might sound sensible in theory, but, in reality, they would strengthen federal power over education and weaken schools’ direct accountability to parents and taxpayers. Moreover, they would most likely lead to the standardization of mediocrity rather than the standardization of excellence.
Contrition in man is the one condition of forgiveness by God. It is not necessary to quote passages from the Bible in proof. It is the lesson of Holy Scripture from one end of it to the other, that where there is contrition there is forgiveness; and that lesson is inculcated so clearly that none dare deny it. But this creates a difficulty in the theory of the Confessional. (See ABSOLUTION.) For if contrition at once brings Divine pardon, what is the use of a subsequent absolution? On the Protestant view of absolution it is of value, because it conveys an assurance, to one who cannot assure himself, of that forgiveness which is granted on true contrition; but on the late mediaeval and modern Roman theory of absolution being the actual conveyance of pardon by a priest to the contrite penitent, we have to ask why the forgiveness which has been already given on contrition should be given a second time on absolution? This cuts at the root of the Confessional, that is, of the habitual practice of confession as a part of the normal life of a Christian for the purpose of procuring pardon. There are moments doubtless in the lives of one and another when the soul may be so overwhelmed with the horror of realised sin as to be unable to convince itself of God s forgiveness, and then a solemn assurance by God s minister of the infinite mercy of God may hold up and comfort the troubled spirit. But these are exceptional cases; the rule is, that whenever there is contrition, then the sinner may be certain of forgiveness whether or no an absolution follows. This being so, the advocates of obligatory confession and absolution are embarrassed to find a valid reason for insisting on their use. This they think they do by discovering another way to forgiveness beside that of contrition. Contrition brings with it pardon: it cannot be denied. But suppose that a man, instead of having grief at having displeased God, has only dread of punishment in this world or the next, will that be sufficient for securing his pardon? By itself, it is argued, it will not; but add to it sacramental confession and absolution, and then it will. This grief arising from dread is called attrition. A way is thus found for forgiveness without the love of God, or grief at having offended Him. "If attrition were not sufficient to effect remission," says Alfonso de Liguori, "but contrition was required, all penitents would come to the sacrament (of penance) already justified, for contrition justifies a man without the sacrament " (Theol. Mor., vi. 440). The reason why attrition is sufficient, is that "the sacrament has the virtue of doing away with sins" (ibid. 442). Attrition and "the virtue of the Keys" are equivalent to contrition (ibid.). We see therefore that, in stead of being a way of drawing souls nearer to God, the Confessional is a device whereby a sinner can obtain pardon for his sins without having love of God, provided he "elicits in himself an act of sorrow," arising from the lower motive, within a day or so of his confession, and shows that his sorrow still exists by asking or waiting for absolution (ibid. 445) God says, I will pardon all contrite sinners and none that are not contrite. But I, says the Church of Rome, will grant pardon to those who are not contrite: be attrite, confess, be absolved and do the appointed penance, and you secure pardon as well as if you were contrite.
What better way to kick off the season than with a whole week of design based stuff. With over 500 brands exhibiting, it’s the best way to get ahead of the game in the design world and be inspired by the spring/summer collections, with a host of “conversations” with industry designers also taking place throughout the week.
the toasty warm sheets
Indefinitely.
I am driving and all of a sudden Tom Sellek pops up just talking to me, asking about how I am doing, how’s my day been, what kind of fun thing do I want to do later, throwing small bits of popcorn at me. Kidding around just having fun being ourselves! Suddenly I am aware of the God image I have lived under most of my when I was Catholic life. I have no memories of him ever smiling, laughing, having fun. It was always about rescuing, healing, saving, adoring, giving to him….all work toward eventually being good enough.
I didn't know where to turn to
333Till ev'ry motion, pulse, and breath be o'er;
Gautama composed the rk vedic hymns and nyaya sastra in his spare time. There may have been a little jealousy and competition over the pond, from his compatriots, which made Gauthama go looking for a river or any other water source. Or it may be that he felt the pond was getting too crowded. This may be why he went around the mountain (once or many times) and asked Siva for his help. His wife, children and students were on his side and they helped him.
3 out of 5
I think that’s why my Sweet Mother character has been so important. We all know what a good mom is. It’s a universal. She loves you with so much love that you didn’t know it was possible to be loved so, but send a pit-bull into the path of her child and bear witness to the same woman transformed into hellfire incarnate. There is a facet of this that is so truly and so totally me. The real me. I think that authenticity is so completely important when writing online. So, if the character is not you, there must be an element of it that IS or people will feel the falseness.
As I closed the door, jealous, frustrated, selfish tears leaked out.
Heavenly and angel wings.
This is the most random bunch of blog entries ever. Really. I do apologize. I will even apologize for apologizing, as is the way I usually seem to go. The Canadian in me, I think. We aren’t doing much for this weekend, my parental unit is coming down next weekend though for foodstuffs and so that I can be an awkward host because I really have no idea how to act or what to entertain people with then they are over. I just sort of…point out the cat and the laser pointer and that usually takes care of it.
That shouldn’t make sense to a mathematician, because a set can do anything its proper subset can do (besides being smaller). Why when given less that people can do more? Perhaps it’s the paradox of choice, that the choices makes it less worthwhile to create, but I don’t find that to be the case. I come to the grim, but really informative conclusion that the complexity of the world is too much for people to understand.
During Sale-A-Bration, anyone who joins as a demonstrator can choose any stamp set-a value of up to $47.95-from our current Idea Book and Catalog.
Darren M
Archangel Michael: Greetings, I am Michael, warrior of peace, archangel of love. Welcome to you, welcome to all of you, and welcome to this time of glad tidings, of great joy. I wish to share with you that everything is on schedule, that much goes forward, both in the seen and the unseen realms. And that the partnership that we are forging, and that we have forged eons ago, is intact. Of course, we will speak more of this.
Will Smith is back as Agent J! One day, J goes into the Men in Back HQ and finds that history has been rewritten and Agent K (Tommy Lee Jones) no longer exists. He must go back to the 60s and work with younger Agent K (Josh Brolin) to sort the mess out. I don’t really care much for the plot to be honest, I’m just happy the franchise is making a return. As long as there are crazy aliens, crazy gadgets and lots of wise-cracks, I’m a happy customer. Nicole Scherzinger and Mickey Rourke also star.
Yep... just what everyone needs... to make soda in the comfort of their own home...
These users (the tech-savvy, buying kind) are more likely to use Google than Yahoo or MSN).
In reflecting on the purpose of marriage, Cardinal Bernard Griffin also quoted that version of Canon Law (1917) which was currently in use. On marriage, the Code of Canon Law then taught: “The primary purpose of marriage is the procreation and education of children; the secondary end, mutual support and the relief of concupiscence.” Since the liberalisation of sexuality and the promotion of contraception, though, it seems that even the Church’s understanding of the purpose of marriage has been somewhat distorted. Here is how the current Code of Canon Law (1983) defines marriage: “The matrimonial covenant, by which a man and a woman establish between themselves a partnership of the whole of life and which is ordered by its nature to the good of the spouses and the procreation and education of offspring, has been raised by Christ the Lord to the dignity of a sacrament between the baptised.” As we can see, the procreation and education of children now seems to have taken second place to “the good of the spouses.”
On the panel (from left to right) were Joy Court who runs the schools library service in Coventry, Bali Rai, author, Julie Randles from Scholastic Book Clubs and Fairs and Shannon Park, Executive Editor, Puffin. So here are the author and the gatekeepers, what did they think about the content of contemporary edgy, gritty, realistic, teenage fiction? How far is too far? What is not acceptable?
What matters, in the end, is that no matter how long it might take me to put up a post or to recover from a surgical procedure, thanks to the generosity of the community, the donations kept coming, the process kept moving, and certainly the kids that have the iPads already...keep using them.
Yep, I've always known who butters my bread.
Sing you home.
All in all, I think I made up for yesterday.
Got a puppy
The propeller is “irriducably complex”, like my tomato sandwich. Only . . not. On Wikipedia, 11 parts of the flagellum are labeled, including rings, the hook, junction, filament, rod, and secretion system. If even just one part is missing, the propeller won’t work. This makes sense to me. This makes a lot of sense to me.
In the back forty, there is a tiny little drainage ditch that carries water onto my property.
B. He Feeds The Wild Animals vs. 9
Any thoughts will be very interesting! Thanks!
and bitter passage, unheralded, unless
I've noted "WHAT A DRAG! 12 weeks, $6K to my lawyer and payments on my boat loan and I should drop $20K??? I DON'T GET IT!!!" I was extremely frustrated to say the least!
2 tsp pandan paste (see modifications)
Professional Titles
The clock began striking midnight, and Cinderella ran. When the prince ran after her, Hilda clapped her hands and cheered. Down the stairs the lovers flew, threading their way through the guests. Hilda’s wand swept out and two pairs of dancing shoes, unnoticed in the crowd, danced their way toward Cinderella. One cleared a path for her escape; the other pestered and slowed the prince’s feet. No one could ask for an easier flight, until the girl reached the last step. A leather sole plopped on her slipper’s heel, letting her left foot slip free. As Cinderella fled onward to her waiting coach, the dancing shoes kicked out a circle around the deserted slipper. The prince could not possibly miss it.
“The compassion-inducing video had a big effect on their generosity,” Willer said. “But it did not significantly change the generosity of more religious participants.”
The interior is spacious and full of light, the altar in the centre of the church is by Henry Moore and is a rather controversial addition. I really like it which is rather odd as I'm not usually an admirer of modern art. It's utter simplicity seems to fit beautifully into this particular interior though. The marble for the altar came from the quarry near Rome that was used by Michelangelo.
The paper, by the way, was fused to 14-count canvas using iron-on fusing material.
Paul clearly shows that they had received a “raising up”, paralleled after Christ’s resurrection, while still in the flesh by means of their mortal bodies being made alive by means of the spirit. Clearly the reference here to being made alive did not refer to an actual resurrection since they were still alive. This was a current condition and is what Paul was describing in Romans 8:11.
Today is one of them.
Second, love your water heater. Our electrical system didn’t cooperate with the RV’s hot water heater, so showering was like dating an ice cube: Cold. This explains basically every conflict in the history of mankind, since the lack of hot water makes everybody angry. Going through issues like these reminds you of the value of electricity.
This bar is most definitely worth the trip!
by Jason Sackett, LCSW
JA: I went to the most important modern dance school here in France so it was easy to begin as a professional after that. We created a duo with one of my oldest friends I met when I was 14. We went back for that in Toulon, where we both came from. So we had much support and help.
I went out to check the guys outside, and Walnut–I really don’t like his personality, but he is such a beautiful flat faced mini-lop, decided to get his tummy in a bunch. I’ve been working on him most of the day. I think he will make it. When I started he had a mass the size of a small bouncy ball stuck in his gut. Now it’s down to about a fat almond. I am learning all kinds of things about how to clear wool block and stasis. My mother says that I should have gone to vet school. I’m supposed to pinion some ducks this week too. I probably would have disliked always giving medicine for stuff. I’m more of a “feed them garlic for fleas” girl.
This is the bird one I told you I HAD to share this week!!! I've used oodles of beautiful shimmery white paper--and dry embossed some of it. I've used my current favorite punch window technique, but used dies cuts instead of punches for my window. It was originally going to be just white and green, but there was a strange bare spot. Now covered with roses--though they're not as deep IRL! :)
- Deluxe Pencil Case ($7.99) which are designed to hold all your Eco Tools brushes. Has a removable interior case and storage pockets.
So I decided to do one of my favorite walks down to the open air flea market and through a bit of the old part of the city. I love the flea market, which is open EVERYDAY! When I first got here, I went almost every Sunday. I rarely buy something, it’s a great place to wander and look at a bunch of old junk and some of it is great old junk.
I hate you, you hate me
Commander, U.S. Naval Forces Europe/Commander in Chief, Allied Forces Southern Europe (‘01-‘04)
The taxi arrived mercifully quickly, and she jumped into the front seat, leaving him to sit in the back while she talked to the driver, giving him her address and then making small talk about the horrible weather that night and the likelihood of his business picking up because it was far too wet to walk anywhere.
Oh my goodness, it's been another one of those absolutely unproductive weeks for me dealing with my Fibromyalgia. I am so hoping that things start looking up soon because I'm really missing my crafting!!! I'm so happy to be able to do these Wednesday posts for everyone though because it gives me a wonderful chance for inspiration even if I can't physically start a project right now. I love to save projects that our crafty friends make in an inspiration folder on my desktop, with a link to their blog so when I use it for inspiration, I can give credit where credit is due. My advice for today is if you're feeling a little lackluster yourself, check out these amazing projects and if you find something you really love, create your own "inspiration folder". :0)
So many unanswered questions. It didn't make sense.
Here are some ideas for Speedwork:
One Amazing Thing - Chitra Divakaruni
Cheers guys. Have a good one.
Chock full of goodness, with hearty oats and wholemeal flour (if you so choose), the sweetness of honey and a bit of brown sugar, toasted nuts, and sweet/tart dried cherries and apricots. There is only a slight hint of cinnamon flavour, which of course you could increase if you really wanted to.
And did I get to eat it? Eat it? I didn't even get within 3 feet of it before I was DRAGGED away by my string. After all the work I put in!!
Wash white crab mushroom thoroughly. Put it on a steaming tray and add the soya sauce. Then add a dash of pepper, thyme, chilly powder and olive oil. Top the mushroom with mozzarella cheese and bake in preheated oven at 180 Dec C of 20 minutes. Serve while still hot!
3. Emphasize when necessary.
10. And at last – The most jaw dropping, adrenaline pumping – jumping off a plane . Sky Diving….
2 tbl olive oil
Computers are a very useful tool to assist people’s work. They not only help with writing, graphic design and publishing information, they are increasingly becoming an essential communications tool as part of computer networks and the Internet.
Is Yoga Effective for Fat Burning?
The band signed a deal with Napalm Records for a worldwide release and distribution.
So let’s see what the amazing designers have in storage for us!
Moore played collegiate basketball for two seasons at Georgia Southern, where he helped lead the 1991-92 squad to the Trans-American Athletic Conference (TAAC) Championship and the NCAA Tournament with a school record 25 wins. During the historic season, Moore helped the Eagles set school records for single-season steals (92) and three-point field goal percentage (.470). For his play, Moore earned TAAC all-conference honors and was named CBS/Chevrolet’s Most Valuable Player at the NCAA Tournament.
It is a fact that the average TV commercial changes the scene every 8 seconds as that is the average attention span for a typical person. That is quite insulting if you think about it, but is it true and if so, is it true for all species? I am quite embarrassed to admit, I have a very, very short attention span. I hope you are quick and to the point when talking with me, because if not, you are wasting your time telling me anything. My mind is so cluttered with chatter, it is hard to hear, but what about the animals? So off I go, yep, to the woods, to ask the animals. I hiked for a while, found a spot that I have never noticed before, looking into a swampy area, where there were lots of footsteps, thinking that maybe if animals frequented this spot, it would keep my active mind entertained, and sat down to test my focus skills. This swampy area, that initially caught my attention, proved to be motionless and difficult to focus on. I committed to spending ½ hour looking at this spot, to improve my focus, but as history serves me, up pops a ground hog not far from where I was sitting. He looked at me, I looked at him, but neither of us moved, not even a blink. Okay, here I go, I am thinking. I can out stare any animal, since they get scared when they see humans. So here we are, the ground hog and me, in a staring contest. The first minute or so was great. I was very focused, and determined to win. A few more minutes went by, and I was losing interest and fast. My eyes were losing focus and things start to get blurry. The groundhog blended into his surroundings. Initially, I felt success, thinking he gave up and left, but as I blinked, there he was in the exact same position, not a single limb out of place, and yes, still staring right at me. Okay, why is he still watching me or better yet, challenging me? So I continue to stare. I have no idea how long this went on, but I knew I was losing the contest. My mind was wandering profusely, and my head kept trying to turn to look around us. I used all the energy I could muster, to stay focused on this groundhog, and win the staring contest, but the groundhog stood his ground. As my alarm went off, I was relieved to know the contest was to be declared a tie, as time was up, and I had to go. I stood up to leave, turned back to take one last glance, and do you believe he was still there, watching me, and still hadn’t moved a muscle. I knew immediately I had lost. The ground hog represented the animal kingdom, I represented the human race, and I am sorry to all, that I could not stare down a ground hog. It takes a lot of discipline to focus on one thing for any length of time, but as we build this skill, profound changes will take place in our lives, as there is so much great beauty on our path, but with out focus, we miss the signs.
Because I rarely buy applesauce for straight consumption, the kids are always thrilled when they smell applesauce cooking on the stove. We eat it for a snack or after dinner treat, warm and pureed til very smooth. It's more like warm apple pudding, yet the recipe couldn't be more basic.
I know my girls like pancit when my mom makes it, so I attempted to make it too. I used tofu instead of meat and it came out eh. Something was missing and I couldn't figure it out. I pretty much followed the recipe, but me thinks that it wasn't made by a Filipino because something was just off. Anyone familiar with pancit have any suggestions? I would not recommend this recipe, but I would like to find a good one and master a healthy version of it!
3. Money Weakness = 30%
DEAD AIR is planning to be there, so if you have any questions that are specifically about the SYG law, go ahead and ask them here, and I'll see what I can do. Let your voices be heard!
Pool Construction - Adams Pool
Now if you haven’t got it yet this game is just not taking its self seriously and the rules actually reflect that by being straight to the point without much ambiguity about the core rules as that is bad, and we want Good don’t we?
Without further ado, here is the winner....
I'm baaacckkk....from a 2 week long trip to Vegas and New York for tradeshows. Sales season is always so brutal; making samples, shooting lookbooks, setting up booths, writing orders, and then having to do it all over again in a different city. Nonetheless, I love what I do (most of the time) and feel so blessed for the momentum we've gained this past season!
Raising Dragons by Bryan Davis
Spina Bifida is the most common permanently disabling birth defect in the US. An average of 8 babies every day are born with Spina Bifida or similar birth defect of the brain and spine. The majority of these babies, like Landen, experience major back surgery within the first few hours of birth.
Here we are all set for another fun challenge :)
A New Start to go back to Square One
All that is also going to take a great deal more cooperation and much more flexibility from not just employers but employees. At the moment that is not happening. It is not likely to happen.
It was the beginning. The beginning of a fantastic journey of faith, reconciliation and love.
First of all, I much prefer a brunch place that's filled with daylight. Table 17 is not only well light but also cozy. Qith the wool panels on the wall and rustic furniture, the place feels pretty close to home.
They have never seen the sunshine, nor the glory
at speeds of over 100 miles per hour.
We will watch, we will follow, we will pray that the wrongfully imprisoned will be released, that women will be given more freedom, that families will reunite, that children can smile, that the economy will grow, that the beauty-the mystery-the ancient worlds will be restored, welcoming people again.
I want to avoid saying too much about what is actually discussed in the podcast, as I think the element of surprise with some things that Karl comes out with is what makes it so funny. However I do have a few funny moments from the podcast that you should listen out for. This includes Karl's idea of socks, his DIY antics, news stories on the radio that worry him, his attention span, rant about TV, the use of the word 'flumpf', communication, and time spent between him and Suzanne.
I love a big fat drizzle of coconut oil over it.This is an awesome dip for Bhajji's or you can eat it straight out of the bowl.
Well, a lot of construction has been going on around outside the house. We have been here a year now, and we decided to just get all the outside work done so we can enjoy the back yard.
“After yesterday’s veneer performance, I think they are pretty strong. Pretty strong indeed.”
I spend all this time searching for tutorials and find so many I like, so of course I bookmark them, but then I can never remember what the bookmarks are, so I decided that I would do up a list of some of my favourite tuts with pics. I will be doing this regularly from now on, so check back if, like me you are a tutorial fan!
LEADING DETECTIVE CASES in 1943
And that rowdy attitude
In the Ancient Egyptian section of the British History Museum, London, and taking a few ‘people’ photos, when this little fella rustled his way into the photo! Ok, so perhaps he didn’t, but I like the idea so I’m sticking with it. He looks like a cheeky chappie..!
That does sound wonderful, doesn’t it? Too bad it doesn’t look like I’ll have enough product here for more than two washes. And who would be able to see immediate results from two measly washes? These are 7.4 mL packets, while the full-sized 300 mL product retails for $16 CAD. Honestly, if the full-sized product is 300 mL and it only costs $16, and you’re trying to promote your product, you could stand to make a deluxe size that included enough for a potential customer to actually try it out properly.
For starters Liam had the mussels which were a generous size and came in a rich cream sauce, tasty but not overpowered by garlic like some of these dishes can be.
It's long been known that annual weather fluctuations affect swallow populations - a cold, wet breeding season reduces insect numbers and hence chicks starve - but there are longer-term trends with populations having fallen across Europe since around 1970. Although the precise causes are uncertain, there are a number of likely reasons for this:
then coffee but still such a comfort. How can I have two
#2 came about because wordsx3 said he didn’t think people would believe that I used to be black. I still think it was a credible option, but wordsx3 said having Aleutian heritage could really get people guessing. However, not a single person was fooled. Shows how much wordsx3 knows!
He gave no further details and would not comment on whether the writer, Hamza Kashgari, would be extradited to Saudi Arabia, where some Islamic clerics have called for him to be put to death for his comments.
7. To Love.
You pull off your shoes and put your socks on your hands and wave to me from your seat, and I just smile, because really, who wouldn't?
Pepperoni slices
in his eyes
I was ashamed of myself. I wanted to let him know from my mouth what a disgrace I think it is to make a law that forbids someone from asking for help; and what a disgrace it is to make a law that forbids someone from trying to help. I realize he has to uphold the law, but I wanted to see a bit of compassion on his face. I wanted him to understand. I wanted him to be sorry too. I wanted to know if he had ever been trying to get somewhere and needed someone to help him.
I also received a picture last week... Remember my Girl Scouts Word Books? The girls I have it to sent me a picture of them holding their books! It is soooo SOOOO cute!! I feel so happy, and am so glad that they liked the books! :) Too sweet!
· Elvis Presley
This morning, I opened it to the other poem by Charles Bukowski. If I'd read it before, and I probably have, it'd been quite some time. It seemed to be mirroring my thoughts. It was obviously written during Desert Storm in the early '90's. Unfortunately, it seems we've dug an even deeper hole in the sand, which makes this poem as timely now as it was then, perhaps more so, especially in light of Rick Perry's remark that he would consider sending troops back into Iraq. I didn't watch hardly any of the debates. That was quite enough, thank you. I can't handle that much unkindness all in a row. Here's Charles instead:
Samoan L.A Rap Act
Guess what? The Me-Made-May 2012 sign-up has now opened! I am quite excited about this! I participated in the SSS'11 for the first time last year and had a blast. Lat time I learned that I mostly make tops for myself and ended up wearing several repeats and none of the dresses I have made. Which is fine, but this time around I want to challenge myself a little more. So here is my pledge!
“Look what we are doing today!” I happily announce to the pre-and-young teens.
In my experience which range from working in venues in downtown Lower East Side, Williamsburg, Brooklyn, TriBeCa, to the Meatpacking District, I have found that the "downtown" crowd is rowdier, more vocally expressive about their excitement, less hesitant about interacting with the MC and/or performers, puts in $1 bills and coins (ggggrrrr!) in the tip bucket, and tends to be already informed about "Burl-etiquette 101". The "uptown" crowd is a lot more reserved, do not like to "talk back" to the MC, puts in $10 and $20 bills in the tip bucket, and is generally hesitant to vocally express excitement during a burlesque striptease. Often while performing to an uptown crowd in a non-downtown venue I feel like the tree in the forest. If I fell, would anyone notice? As an MC, ice breaker questions at the beginning of the show such as "Who has seen burlesque before?" or "How is everyone doing tonight?" (Miss Astrid recommends against the last question but I think it's okay once but no more than twice through the entire show) fall on deaf ears and you are greeted with a sea of still-sober faces looking slightly skeptical and...constipated.
Many writers identify James the Less (2) with James the Just (3). A difficulty with that identification is that we are told that the brothers of Jesus did not believe in him (J 7:5), which would mean that they could not have been numbered among the Twelve. (It is commonly supposed that James (3) came to believe only after the Resurrection (1 Corinthians 15:7).) On the other hand, John does not name the unbelieving brothers, and they may not have included James.
Dinner was broccoli with a couple tablespoons of homemade ranch (made with yogurt).
This is part of a group-posts bt A to Z 2012 Survivors in which we reflect on all things A to Z. If you'd like to join, write your post and then link its URL here.
Yesterday, I posted this about the U.S. Treasury's plan to begin selling off its portfolio of Mortgage Backed Securities. It was NOT a good idea for Tim Geithner to have purchased them in the first place and it's a horrible time for him to be running for the exit on his really awful program.
We look forward to this relationship continuing and appreciate your attention to this important matter.
People of Europe! Hungary needs your support in its strife for freedom, cultural integrity, traditional values, and moral worth.
“You stood by my side all these years while I reaped the benefits of destruction. Now that I’m trying to protect the people I’ve put in harm’s way, you’re going to walk out? - I shouldn’t be alive, unless it was for a reason. I’m not crazy, Pepper. I just finally know what I have to do. And I know in my heart that it’s right.”
Our purpose in life had been self serving- but God opened our eyes through an orphan. Suddenly climbing the corporate ladder, building a larger house, name brand clothing, savings accounts, striving for the newest, the biggest, the best- as we had been doing- seemed ridiculous, repulsive, and wrong. Especially now that we knew what was at stake- the life of one of God’s children.
The Dog Fighter: 50
Also adding a picture of Tobias' first shiner. He always fights with his little tykes stove and well...the stove won.
there are plenty of boundaries and limits being set and held at this house. i have not stepped aside and put bonzo at the helm of the ship.
Chris Mann (Team Xtina) @IamChrisMann – Singing Viva La Vida by Coldplay. I am a huge fan of Coldplay. I saw them perform at ACL and the ACL theater. He seemed a little nervous about singing current music. I am still very iffy with Chris Mann. I dont listen to Josh Groban either. Not to say they dont have great voices, but he just dont pull me in. But the oh’s were really good. It just seems like the wrong song for him. The thing is, I don’t think they have found “the right” song for him. Adam said he looked sharp, and being a huge fan of that song, he really wanted to be moved by the song in that way, but he wasn’t moved. Adam said he would rather hear him sing opera. Xtina says he is showing growth and she thinks he is great. 1-855-VOICE-08
This is a simple, cheap costume and I think I will get quite a few kicks out of it when I go to parties this weekend.
We don't normally attend Superbowl parties, but in the spirit of celebration we always try to have fun food that night at our house and invite our teens friends to stop by if they don't have plans. If you are going to be with family and friends that night you might need a good potluck dish. Let's face it, we can never have too many potluck recipes:) The following are easy and delicious.
I just think this is the coolest plant ever! It's a black elderberry and the white/pink flowers against the purpley-black foliage makes this the most striking plant in the yard. I will definitely be propagating this plant and spreading them all over the garden!
WE'RE INTERNATIONAL TODAY!! Enter from anywhere in the whole world. Even Antarctica!
I wonder if Somesvara is going to arrange my trip to his Ulsoor temple tomorrow.. wouldn’t that be something?
We are rid of you at last
As to the novel itself, it's an entertaining read... but I must admit I did struggle with it. I think the story's about defecting scientists... or possibly double agents... or perhaps nuclear weapons... and herein lies the problem (well, my problem): pretty much all the way through I literally had no idea what the hell was going on.
Regarding the restaurant itself, I have not eaten there, but I enjoyed reading the reviews which range from 1 to 5 stars. If you want to have fun, read some of the 74 reviews here at Yelp.com. Apparently, this place is a magnet for the rich and famous and many of the very negative reviews reflect customer experiences with snobbery, service and attitude. On August 12, 2008, the New York times wrote an article - An Insiders’ Clubhouse (Apply at the Door). One of the owners is Vanity Fair editor Graydon Carter - some have referred to the establishment as "Graydon’s private club."
Michael N. Marcus is NOT a convicted paedophile
But when we are dealing with an abuser, we are dealing with issues of justification. That is to say, salvation. A person who is convinced that they are entitled to power and control over others and who has no regret about using whatever means he deems necessary to obtain that control, is simply not a regenerate individual. It cannot be. Just read through I John and you will understand why.
30 The Wind in the Willows – Kenneth Grahame
Shuhaiber S, Einarson A, Radde IC, Sarkar M, Koren G. A prospective-controlled study of pregnant veterinary staff exposed to inhaled anesthetics and x-rays. Int J Occup Med Environ Health 2002; 15: 363-373.
The very end of the trailer also shows Batman and Catwoman in the new Batpod; sounds like a team-up to me. What I’m guessing is that Selina/Catwoman is conflicted from her possible relationship with Bane, her life and maybe something Bruce offers her. There’s also a brief shot that shows her in a fight and Batman fighting in the background.
In Ireland, they make the same jokes about people from Kerry.
There is some literature about BPD that say you should never counter-defend, argue back or argue your point at all and while I agree that doing so only provokes further BPD responses at the same time I don’t think anyone should allow themselves to be a doormat to BPD and just take it all without arguing back because then the BPD wins and this will always be used against you too – yet another no-win, argue back inflame things at the time, don’t argue back, make things worse in the long run as the BPD will again build up resentment of you being a weak, coward who can be controlled and manipulated. You just need to be careful ‘how’ you argue back, doing it as gently and as without ‘blame’ as you can and taking in all the other suggestions here too.
I can eat a small dish of this for lunch and not even miss potato chips...well, not too much. A few might be really nice to accompany this great chicken salad!
I can say that I am trying to think about the fact that it was one survey with a statistically questionable pool of 1100 responders, and that those responders might have very well been more inclined to fill out such a survey precisely because they were full of general anger and wanted a chance to express it. And I have no idea whether the survey itself was skewed in its construction in order to funnel takers toward that result. Surveys are manipulative as hell, and statistics are infinitely malleable. And I know nothing at all about the group that mounted the survey–maybe they’re largely neutral, maybe they’re a highly agenda-ed group masquerading as neutral. I don’t know The Guardian well enough to truly gauge its trustworthiness (does Murdoch own it? If so, then…) or its tendency to be inflammatory. I just don’t know. But if there are 593 doctors in Britain who said that fat people and smokers should be denied medical care, that’s plenty to be enraged about. I’m not sure they should be allowed to practice medicine at all. Except on each other.
+ Blog more.
Xypherous: Oh, no… This is completely wrong… What is the meaning of this?
We’re fighting it! cry the bloggers and the eating-disorder advocacy groups and the “healthy body image”-touting companies. We’re determined to help EVERY woman see her natural beauty, and to eliminate negative body image and eating disorders!
Cisco is known for their high-quality handmade, eco-friendly furniture. The company was started by Cisco Pinedo, who designs the furniture and runs the business with a focus on craftsmanship and sustainability. Cisco's goods are made in the US and they sell through Cisco Home stores, HD Buttercup, and ABC Home. Other retailers, like Mecox, used to carry the line too and I assume that still goes on but Cisco doesn't provide any kind of a list to share.
I’d like to get to know you… maybe someday, we’ll see.
It's Thursday, friends! I have no idea how quickly it has become Thursday, but I'm not complaining since I get to fly home tomorrow night! You know the deal: write down a few things you're thinking today and then link up so that others can read what's on your mind! Right click and save the photo above, or use your own!
In the beginning we meet Byrdie Lamb, Myra's grandmother. Byrdie tells us about seeing Myra for the first time. The baby born with "Haint Blue Eyes" was thought to have broken the curse that Byrdie's Grandmaw Ruth's cousin had put on the family so many years before. Grandmaw Ruth and her two sisters were "Granny Women", all with their own gifts of healing. Their cousin, Lou Ann, was a Granny Woman also but didn't neccessarily use her gifts for good. When the girls grandfather died and left the best plot of land to Grandmaw Ruth and her sisters, Lou Ann put a curse on them and their family that wouldn't be lifted until a there was a baby born in their line with haint blue eyes. Terrible things started happening right away- husbands and children dyeing, houses burning down- Byrdie was mighty glad when Myra was born with haint blue eyes. Myra's parents were killed when she was just a baby in an accident on the railroad tracks, so Granny Byrdie raised her up on the mountain. Myra loved the mountain but when John Odom from the town at the foot of the mountain came along, Myra followed him without looking back. Myra soon finds out the John and his family are not the people she thought they were. What is that smell of evil that seems to penetrate John's dads house and why is she so uncomfortable around them?
I have, of course, explained Ophelia before. (The word explained is appropriate here, as you know if you've ever met my dog.) But as it is the beginning of April, and I celebrate Ophelia's birthday on April Fool's Day, I thought it might be a good time to dedicate a post to my canine best friend.
Pump it Up by Mudhoney
Thank you for your prayers, love, and encouragement these last few weeks. It has been bittersweet in so many ways.
Me: Answer all the questions.
 A more lenient and Negro-deferential criminal justice system, making their TNB (“typical n****r behavior”) and wilding and drug dealing and involvement in prostitution and everything else more tolerated (and less frequently and less severely prosecuted).
In preparation for my journey, and knowing that Thangor was to pick us up at 09.30, I made sure I was in bed in plenty of time to get up fresh as a daisy - by getting in at 02.40 and going to bed over an hour later. I woke up, extremely hungover, initially with no intention of surfacing, but saw the challenge of getting myself ready to face the day as too tempting. So I got up at 09.28 and tried to force myself into the car, leaving only ten minutes late in the end. Three hours and a gloriously greasy bacon and sausage butty later, we were in the freezing siling rain at Ingoldmells, and I was ready for the day!
It gets harder when the kids get bigger. It's easy to sit down to the third read through "Go Dog, Go!", but when your teen comes to you and wants to read a new popular series book, and you have to read it first or read it together, it is a little more time-consuming. Make the time! Reading through the "Hunger Games" series with my daughter proved to be a bonding experience that we needed - even though the books were young-adult novels and not necessarily something I would have picked for my own reading list prior to beginning them with her. I enjoyed them; we enjoyed each other - and isn't that what the goal is?
wholly ravished then discarded heart:
The middle boy, Avery, is quieter, contemplative, and loves being with Grammie (THANK YOU God!), doing anything at all. When he was tiny, he'd call me "Bubbie," so that eventually became my Grammie name for HIM..."My little Bubbie." That's him in the waves above too.
I can deny that I’m happy but I can’t accept it. I’m too dirty for him. I was raped by so many men. I’m dirty. He deserved more.
My fifth daughter is a second grader. She is excited about receiving First Communion in May 2012.
I hope you enjoyed my card today, and I thank you for your visit and your kind comments. Have a wonderful crafty day! Take care.
and that’s all I want to do.
And I was happy that they still make their home made chilly soy. Also they had a lemongrass chilly sauce ( correct me of I’m wrong) and that was superb too!
So, I found this mirror in the thrift store, thought it was neat and left. That night I had a dream about what I could do with it, and by morning I was just hoping it was still there. I raced over when it was open and bought it. My daughter was invited to a birthday party, so I decided to make the mirror for her friend. Here is the before:
Lohan isn’t my favourite celebrity but I’m the first to admit that she rocked this shoot full force.
I am not deterred. I have set a goal of sending a blurb about my story to five reviewers a day. It is more than a blurb, it is this:
Soothes/hydrates your winter skin in 20 minutes and its clay base minimizes pores. Every time I use it, my face is as soft as a baby’s tush. Buy it now.
The first venue of counter-attack is to use both the logic of the ruling and follow it through to conclusion, much like the Left does painting all smoking as habitual and lethal which is a reductio ad absurdum so the Right will be on firmer ground because it uses the purely logical approach to the law.
-Skills and Tricks
“Don’t leave her Ronan… You’re going to need her” the woman’s voice returns in his head, and being that the alcohol has long warn off, he stops in his tracks… And is disturbed.
We finished up the 2nd practice, then headed home. I was tired. It had been a long day. The headache was mostly gone. Mostly. I got the little kids to bed, and set to looking for my keys. Did I mention that I couldn't find my car keys? I had to drive the Saturn tonight because I couldn't find my real keys! Oh crap! Plus, it has my mail key on it :(
sleep.
I could go on. For example how did Beethoven continue to write his magnificent music after he went deaf? Could he hear every single note and cadence in his head? He must have done because there was no noticeable deterioration in his work.
“Would you carry my bag out to the car?” she said. I took the suitcase to the cab, then returned to assist the woman. She took my arm and we walked slowly toward the curb. She kept thanking me for my kindness.
There is something more we should be known for. Jesus said we should be known for our love for another. He said, By your love for one another will people know you are my disciples. We could start right there. In my estimation that would be the best place to start. (John 13; 1 Peter)
If we wanted to extract the most plausible account from Nietzsche that we can, we would have to say that ‘slave-morality’ is a hybrid – it is something which draws on and can thus connect with the experiences of the lower classes, the exploited, the oppressed, but which directs their quite reasonable and legitimate anger and rebelliousness into a value-system that will maintain their oppression.
Now I don't have all these inks--in fact I only have New Leaf...so for the other shades, I used some Stampin Up inks that were as close as I could get based on what I had. I went with Really Rust, Cameo Coral, YoYo Yellow, Pretty In Pink and Blush Blossom.
We got another mistakes.
Many blame poor education standards for creating this lost tribe of poor failed whites at the bottom of our society, and they certainly have a point, if you read the diaries of children from previous generations, even those from very deprived backgrounds, their language and grasp of the world around was far superior to that of modern children. Yet they were far more still “children” than are youths of similar ages in this century. Children from earlier eras may have known nothing of computers and mobile phones, but it is not such skills which create a citizen, it is language and understanding your world which do that.
05 Cold Blooded Old Times 06:06
You may have experienced the same thing from telemarketers. Their script always has them saying your name—as if it will build rapport. But it actually just feels creepy.
"That's the funny thing", I replied. "It seems that when I used to go out as Christen in the early days, they questioned if I was really a woman or not. There was never a question when I presented as a guy. Nowadays, it seems like there are no questions when I go out as Christen but there seems to be bunch more quizzical looks in my guy mode."
Brent Heffron
It really does not matter that much because when I ordered the six chair covers, I forgot to take into account that two of my dining room chairs are arm chairs. So #5 and #6 would not fit anyway. I will have to make my own in a different color. Since the arm chairs are the "special" chairs, I think it will be OK to have them in a different fabric.
I am reading The Tender Bar. It was recommended to me twice this week. I read aloud to her in between stealing envious glances at her tanned legs. She asked what dawn is. She asked what aristocrat means. Then she said, "Mommy, you smell like kitty litter," and I thought, how the hell does she know what kitty litter smells like? So I asked her, "Fresh kitty litter or dirty kitty litter?" And she asked what fresh means and I told her it means clean and she said I smell like clean kitty litter and that, dear Reader, is why I can share that story with you here.
What's you favourite colour?
