This is where a new sort of self control comes in. Not one to abstain from all the things you love, but rather, allow the things you love in small doses that can help you to push through those off days where all you can do is just sit there and wonder why you are doing what you are doing in the first place.
An inkling, therefore, was actually a diminutive selection of writing, much like a blog, that represented a writer’s specialty or demonstrated his or her unique skills. Often it simply relayed an idea or concept the writer might have written more expansively about elsewhere; a teaser, so to speak.
using a white with some green in it will minimize contrast.
Sodium 494mg
Thankfully the element was replaced quickly and I was able to start again a week later. After some experimental brews, I wanted an easy drinker that I knew would be good.
My training this week has gone well. I've tried to scale back on the mileage a bit as my legs were feeling stressed. Initally, I was having some pain in the side/back of my right heel, which I think came from either spinning or a cardio-weights class that I took on Monday evening. Cross training is great for you, but I don't like the injuries that seem to crop up from mixing things up during heavier mileage. Stretching is key, and resting is necessary if the injury causes pain with runnning. As I've been training these races for a few years, I have a good sense of what type of aches I can run with and what type I can't. I ran through the heel pain I was having early in the week, and it seems to be fine now.
The story about Jesus healing the crippled guy and then telling him to pick up his mat and walk is sortakinda similar to Matthew 9. In Matthew’s version, Jesus told the crippled man his sins were forgiven, and the Pharisees accused him of blasphemy since only God can forgive sins. Jesus asked them if it was easier to tell him he was forgiven, or to tell him to pick up his mat and walk, and BOOM the man was miraculously healed. In Matthew’s version there was no talk about work on the Sabbath by picking up the mat. Also, the explanation about the local legend of angels stirring the waters was in a footnote to the text; according to the notes, that verse is in some manuscripts but not in others. But, the next part where the man says he can never get to the water in time when it is stirred because someone else always beats him to it, IS in all the manuscripts. That part doesn’t really make sense without the first part.
The title of this blog post is the same title of an article that I just read in one of our local community papers. Most of the things that I read in this article I pretty much always suspected but to have it put in front of me in black and white really kind of flipped me out and made me realize that we really cannot depend on our government to protect us or in any way do what is in our best interests. Big brother should be listed in our dictionaries under the words CORRUPT and INCORRIGIBLE.
The hood was also redesigned the front of Toyota SW4 2012 follows the same line of the truck, with modifications in the design of the bumper, which received a black mask in the fog headlights. The main headlights were also redesigned.
Grand Total: RM 36.40
I had a few people ask me what my goal is.
- Favorite Culinary Establishment in the New Brunswick Area?
The Stillwagon's daughter, Tracy, wroteWhat started as a few meals, some interesting stories and a couple of pictures ..., turned into a mission to visit as many of Guy's featured restaurants as possible and quicker than anybody else. My parents are so fortunate. They raised 3 beautiful, successful daughters ..., retired from their jobs at young ages, were able to save money so they could travel after their retirement and still have their health to pursue their dream. They have traveled from New York to California and back again to pursue their dream.....of meeting Guy Fieri.
Suddenly a runner sliced out of the pack. He made straight to me, handed me a fleecy sweatshirt and ran on. I held it at half-arm’s length and made the face, imperceptible if you don’t know to look for it. I spotted an orange pylon next to a lamppost, and set the sweatshirt down. Annie said something and Grey shrugged. I exhaled and went back to enjoying the race.
Ah’m aware that as ah dial, someone has brushed past us. Ah wince fae the fleeting contact, but have no desire tae look and see whae it is. Hopefully ah’ll no be here long enough tae need tae check out any ay ma new ‘flatmates’. The flickers dinnae exist fir us. Nae cunt does. Only Raymie. The money goes doon.
Americans consume a quarter of the world’s oil—and 10 percent of the oil we consume comes from Nigeria. Why are we not worried and angry about this? Or at least demanding global accountability from companies we support? Especially now that we can see how destructive it is for those who depend on the sea for their livelihood, how foul the impact is, and how devastating the results of poor decisions and ill-equipped response teams are.
In subsequent statements, both sides blamed the other for an impasse that threatens to plunge the nation into a fiscal crisis if the government fails to meet a looming deadline to raise the federal debt ceiling.
So first let me say that I lost money on the day. I am down $2.65 on the day. I played in the daily dollar so that accounts for $1 lost, and then I played in 50 Heads up matches. I had a winning record. I was 27 – 23. At one point, I was up $12 on the day, but I finally hit a streak that I figured would come around giving the talent of players. Getting all in’s called by 58 off and they catch lightning in a bottle against my 9′s. Or raising Aces preflop and then after the flop only to lose to tripped up kings… not really a bad beat but it still hurts. What else… Well I guess I did end up all but knocking an all-in happy guy that went in with A10 suited. I took him out with K8… caught the straight on the river. I should have lost, and know this because he caught two pair, but this guy was reraising every bet of mine so I only felt a little bad. I’m sure he uttered something like… how the %#$%^ do you call with that. The answer is simple, you were raising all the time, so I was under the impression you had nothing. Oh well, I got lucky. But today was the day of being ahead and yelling at the screen No Ace, No King, NO Jack, No whatever card would make a hand better than mine, and then it felt like most of those 23 losses the winner caught their card. I guess thats just the way it goes. The fact that I am only down about $2 since the start of the day makes me feel a little better, and to know that I won more than I lost, and I thought it was a bad day. Is that normal? Obviously with the fee’s it hurts, but as I get better and better I would actually be up. Take the $22+1 heads up turbo for instance. If I played in 50 games. I would have spent $50 in fees. And I would be 4 games better than .500 so that would put me at plus $38 for the day. The higher you go up in the games, the lower the percentage of fee so I can’t be too disappointed. I could actually be down on matches. Which, even at my worst today, I was even. I started strong today, and then was floating for a while win two lose two, win 1 lose 1… then I decided to play during the daily dollar. I will not do that ever again. I won the first three I played but then boom.. 6 games in a row I lost. It felt like a nightmare. It’s funny, when I win 6 games in a row it feels normal, but losing 6 in a row is just plain sucky. I haven’t figured out how to prevent this. It seemed like every opponent I was playing was very aggressive and when I got a marginal hand and tried to get in they would raise enough to keep me out. I know they were likely bluffing, but I just couldn’t get myself to make some of the calls.
Little Man: "I'm looking for some healthy dinners"
Because of the electronic control of the drive motors, the projector can run at different speeds. The FP 24 projectors are equipped as standard for the speeds of 24 fps. If desired, two further fixed speeds and a variable speed selection by means of a potentiometer at the front of the projector are available on request. For speeds of less than 24 fps, we recommend the use of a 3-blade shutter.
Hmmm. I did do cotton hand towels, with that terrific Weavezine looped pile, I could do that again. Nahhh, the family has what they need right now, and the presentation needs to stay focused.
Finally I just decided that I could not adjust my inner clock to someone else's, so now I do what I want. If I am tired I go to bed, if not I may be up until 1 or 2 doing my own thing. He gets more rest, I can actually go to sleep when I do go to bed, and things are much better... and his old complaint that he doesn't sleep well when I am not there has been proven not to be true. It was just a matter of getting used to it.
This list will undoubtedly have some points that cross over to the “other” list published here two days ago, but BOTH serve it’s purpose in showing that this President has not been sitting on his butt doing nothing.
For more clarification reply me back and please note that the claims is 100% free.
Pretty by Rocket from the Tombs
Oh, I almost forgot...Happy New Year!
11/2 – The Venue – Boise, ID
Migrate a database? Check.
The study by The Barts and The London NHS Trust found 30 different types of infection in a sample of pillows taken from hospital wards, posing a significant risk of infection.
When we arrive back at a marina after weeks out in the bay on anchor, and I’m dreaming of the hot shower that awaits us – to get under that pressurized flow, to feel truly clean and cleansed. It’s decadent.
Finally Ricky gets around to telling his own story. He was adopted by a family who gave the kid a decent upbringing but failed to recognise the trauma underneath. If cinema has taught us anything, it's that careful parenting can turn a serial killer into a Batman or a nicer kind of serial killer who only preys on criminals. Where Billy was terrified of Santa Claus, Ricky has a phobia of Nuns. I suppose Nuns are pretty scary. Pause for my favourite Nun joke:
I did wonder for a moment if Alnwick IPA could match fish and chips better so I gave it a go. I was also curious of how my ex homies back at Daleside were doing and if their product quality had changed. Funnily enough it tasted just how I remebered it but with fish and chips it seemed distinctly malt balanced. My conclusions; St Mary's Ale rocks with fish and chips but Alnwick IPA went better with the wife's Ploughmans. None the less, it was time to move on.
WHO KNEW??
This is my first one. I decorated all the boxes both sides the same.
Our Dentists ALWAYS said we had the BEST TEETH!
You've heard of a "wolf in sheep's clothing"? Well I'm a rabid wilderbeast/ mama bear / vigilante bounty hunter in a "normal mama's" clothing. By day I am the happy, smiley mama everyone knows and loves... but if provoked, this mama bear will not hesitate to go buck wild on your booty. And just like any mama bear, the one thing that will make me lose my mind in .2 seconds is if my children - or any child for that matter - is threatened or in danger. Remember these gems?
Anyways, this is just super rambling and not exciting (almost as not exciting as reading about me working all the time). So...
I walked through again, and she still had a very uncomfortable look on her face. "I'm going to have to ask you a personal question. Do you have any..... piercings..... in personal areas?"
If none of your friends or family can accommodate you, you will probably have to rent an apartment. This option is ideal if you have a renovation that will take several months to complete. It is much less expensive that staying at a hotel, and you will not feel like you are burdening other people. Going on a vacation while the renovations are taking place is also a good option. You can relax and de-stress while away and then return to a beautiful new space in your home.
Artichokes are ready when you can easily pull out a leaf.
"Oh!" he exclaims, "Are you just learning how to draw?" turns out he was an interior designer.
But I have this miserable cold and just didn't feel like socializing. So my husband gave me his headlamp (for, of course, he is prepared for stuff like this. Me? I've got a plate of five tea light candles I'm carrying through the house.) And I got to sit and READ.
6. The Kaz Jazz Quartet - The Christmas Song
I’m prepared to go to court over this, I don’t think she’s going to leave. I have the voicemail from A saying that she’d be moving out that day or the next so B will be moving as well and she’ll be talking to her about that, and obviously I physically spoke to B and she didn’t say anything about wanting to stay (she’s always a rude bitch when I talk to her on the phone and doesn’t give me anything to work with anyway – all I got was “okay” when I told her they both had to be out by the 30th, no other indication that she would be looking to stay), nor did she give us anything in writing. If she does pay the rent, that will be sent back to her certified mail because we cannot accept it once we put the eviction in place. And because they don’t have anything in writing, it’s down to a “he said she said” situation…and the courts will side with us.
PS: The next Ask Parvati will appear on Sunday, January 8. To have your question included in the random draw, please send it to ask@parvatidevi.com by Thursday, January 5.
Day Three Results: I followed the program with no cheats. I quit drinking green tea by 6:00 and finished the day out with water, adding half a lemon or lime to each glass so I didn't have any trouble getting to sleep. Day Two's sleep sucked ass because I started drinking green tea so late in the day and kept on while I watched the SOA finale. (Where the hell did Opie go?! He's totally missing church!!) I was wide awake at 11:00 pm!! Total weight lost 4 lbs in three days. Woo hoo!
But all is not well with the flower children. Petals slowly peeling, outward we grow until our raw centers are exposed for rough fingers to carelessly touch and maim. The frailest parts of us begin to wither, rot, decay. One day we must accept the inevitable; that we can never remain who we were at the start. Always, we change.
Maybe I should rethink saying that part because I, being a good Anglo-catholic, really have no problem with Transubstantiation in the true, philosophical sense. I do believe the philosophical substance of the bread and wine is the Body and Blood of Christ. I keep reserve Sacrament or consume it because it has become sacred. I don't just take the "used" wafers home and put peanut butter on them for a tasty after church snack. Whether people have faith or not when receiving Communion to me is somewhat irrelevant to the effectiveness of the Sacrament.
Others do not wish to ‘help’ the Evil Lords but they do want to let them fuck up a bunch of people they feel are responsible for this whole mess. This attitude, along side the ‘if you can’t beat them join them’ attitude are some of the most reprehensible I have ever encountered. In my opinion, as evil as any overlords plans. The final and biggest faction is the portion who just don’t know. ‘Sheep’ as some would say, ‘Oppressed’ and ‘Blinded’ by other more understanding factions, we the Sheep are the number one cause of this impending doom. We who fail to look anywhere but where we are instructed to look, it is us who are most to blame, according to them…. such a quandary, so much to ponder… I cannot get enough of this stuff. I have always considered myself society’s little observer, and although the NWO may very well murder me with ass cancer or a single bullet to the temple, I will die knowing, that I kind of saw it coming.
stir a stew in my stomach
"You don't get up until I tell you you can"
In contrast, the recovery rate for stolen police guns is only 15 percent. In 2008, there were 2,944 police guns reported stolen, and most of them remain in criminal hands. Similarly, of the guns owned by municipal governments, 8 percent (1,260) have been lost or stolen.
-Third!! :) told you there is a lot going on.. The Alley Way Stamps is having a DT call.. Who doesn't love free stamps right? All you have to do is link up your blog HERE and check out the Details..
But when Mick sets his mind to win, nothing will stop him. And he has the perfect play in mind.
About Lisa Sellman:
One big bonus included in an overnight motorcycle ride is the opportunity to sleep in a big bed with a full size bathroom just across the room!
-Stories by Oates, Munroe, Chopin, and others
Walden Pond, Mt. Rainier, Big Sur, Everglades and so forth;
Just testing a new app for blogging. And also to see if any of you would be interested if I did a tutorial for this hair in the picture.
You also wont miss Tone Loc, performing a self-deprecating parody “early version” of Wild Thing called “Crazy Stuff”, with lyrics that aren’t catchy and don’t make any sense. Or Trevor Heins (aka the “Gamble Gamble Gamble Die” kid from several episodes of one of the most subversive shows ever, Wonder Showzen). Or James Hong, playing a gay parody of Mr. Miagi from The Karate Kid. (He was Dalong Wong in the Jackie Chan Adventures cartoon, and Bruce in The Chinese Restaurant episode of Seinfeld, and has been a guest star in some 200 series, as well as Mr. Ping in Kung Fu Panda, Jeff Wong in Wayne’s World 2, the fortune teller in Mystery Date, David Lo Pan in Big Trouble In Little China, and is basically typecast into a bunch of Asian rules as “Mr. Wu”, “Mr. Li”, “Mr. Wong”, “Mr. InsertAsianSoundingNameHere”.) Or Ben Stein narrating the movie.
church, age, number of victims, responses by the church and legal authorities to
257 days
“White people want more firearms for sport, and black people only want one gun for self-defense,” Khoele notes. “In our townships, it is not safe at all, especially for people who are taking early transport to work, when it’s still dark and they’re walking a long distance.”
It’s all coming back again.
So now here we are, all confused and alone…
Don't lie. You've felt the same way about poetry. Trying to be into it. Thinking that it's important to be well-read. Agonizing when you look over at Yeats but grab Danielle Steele. Don't worry. I've been there. It can be our little secret. You like how she writes the smutty parts. I get it. Been there.
I doubted that. And decided to look into it a bit.
As if they all talk to each other in a language I’ll never understand.
Anything in your instant queue that you’re loving right now?
So even though I see some changes, my heart is still completely checked out. I have no desire for him, or to be with him. I have no respect for him. I actually resent him. He is trying to be more involved with me, but I don’t want him there, so I am torn. I know I supposed to be ‘trying’ to give him a chance. But I guess I’m not sure what my role in that is exactly. Am I supposed to be affectionate, or even intimate with him now? I can’t do it. Am I supposed to respond warmly to his pleas of forgiveness? I can’t do it. I’m not trying to push him away, but I can’t let him in either.
Due to their years in the beer business and contacts throughout the
We’ve set our priorities: venue; photos; invitations & attire, flowers, food/liquor, cake, favors…etc…The most important thing to us was the venue, which is free to use, but we’re going to have to spend some money getting it ready for the wedding. Then photos, which we’re willing to spend some money on but not a whole lot (we don’t have a medium lot much less a whole lot). The invitations are important but what we’re spending money on is the paper goods and the ink for my printer and stamps so we’re definitely cutting costs there. Since I already have my dress (thanks to a wonderful family member), all I have to worry about is the alterations. Have my gorgeous shoes. David has his black suit so we just have to get the vest and tie, and his socks. Then, of course, there are the flowers. Oh, sweet beautiful flowers. Especially since I want red roses. And I don’t want just red roses, I also want the white roses with the red blush, and then one yellow rose to go in the center of my bouquet in memory of those who can only be there in spirit. I think the blush roses are called Rossini roses. We don’t have to pay for the music, our friends and family are providing that for us…No charge. Love having musical friends!
“So, before this rule was promulgated,” Gowdy continued, referring to the federal contraception mandate, “did you read any of the Supreme Court cases on religious liberty?”
It's all free!
I can’t help but think (hope) that one day, someone will notice before it’s too late. Like, in the job interview, or at least when one of her direct reports decides to let her fail a little here and there to expose the charade.
Pour the heavy cream into a bowl and beat using a stand mixer or hand mixer until stiff peaks form. Transfer to a small bowl and store in refrigerator until ready to use. Place the cream cheese and peanut butter in a deep bowl. Beat on medium speed until light and fluffy. Reduce speed to low and gradually beat in the confectioner's sugar. Add the sweetened condensed milk, vanilla extract and lemon juice. Increase speed to medium and beat until all the ingredients are combined and filling is smooth.
When I was about half way through the story, I e-mailed it to my niece who was then 13, and ask her what she thought of it. She wrote back, “Is there any more?
And for night-tapers crop their waxen thighs,
Factored in my progress to this new day!
In celebration of having e-published BLOOD WILL TELL last week, here’s a snippet of my next writing project. Here’s the first page of THE BARD’S GIFT:
a) genu 'knee' - because the father took his newborn on his knee to acknowledge it was his.
Psalm 49:13 says This is the fate of those who trust in themselves, and of their followers, who approve of their sayings.
“The bar? Sell it! Hasn’t James been talking to you about converting part of it into a hookah place anyway? Let him have the whole building. Start a new one on Mars! You can call it ‘The Mars Bar’ or some other lame pun like you love so much.”
AND... thanks so much to all of you lovelies out there who have really made my day by supporting my little adventures, as dear sponsors & advertisers of the rikrak studio blog. you nicies mean the world to me, and i really appreciate it! (this is my *free-to-my-lovely-sponsors* giveaway!) so
Comedy – ORIGIN late Middle English (as a genre of drama, also denoting a narrative poem with a happy ending, as in Dante’s Divine Comedy)
The Gini coefficient for the top 100 in Spain is much lower than the other countries due to the lack of a film like Harry Potter or Intouchables whose grosses are so much greater than those of other films. The highest grossing film in Spain in 2011 was Torrente 4 with $29.03 million (3.4% of the total accumulated gross), and the top 100 declines steadily with rank. This gives a different distribution to that seen in the UK, France, and Germany – see here and here for examples – which have a large drop off between subgroups of the top 100 grossing films, and between the top 100 films and the others on release.
They say ‘fools rush in, where angels fear’,
15. Ménage á Trois - K-Ram / 3:46
My message
After listening to this album, you might agree with me that it is somewhat difficult to give a track by track description. Most of the songs feature BSE's increasingly iconic and identifiable dark ambient backdrops, often augmented by choice samples in English and (possibly) Swedish and sparsely introspective guitar and/or piano segments. My personal favorites are "Funerals" and "Standing Silent": the former being a dark minimalist masterpiece opening the album with the grim quote which opened this review and the later incorporating an awesome multi-segment choir movement in its midsection that seriously has to be heard to be believed. That is not to say that the other tracks are not worthy of mention: the featured track "Long The Nights" is almost frightening in the manner in which its strings hover around you, whereas "The Only Alternative" is darkly speculative in the extended contemplation of "The Only Alternative" (aided by subconscious drones and echoing choirs).
Hugh Bryden will also run workshops Saturday 19th February, Wednesday 9th March, Saturday 12th March. Details Gracefield 01387 262084.
"What bread"
WASHINGTON — Chinese dissident Fang Lizhi, a key figure in the pro-democracy movement behind the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests, has died in the United States, a fellow activist said Saturday. He was 76.
i, myself, had made corn casserole, green beans with mushrooms, crock pot sweet potatoes, pineapple casserole (a family tradition), two pumpkin pies, pecan cranberry pie and a flourless chocolate cake. mom made turkey with stuffing, gravy, ham, a ginormous bowl of mashed potatoes, creamed onions, and cranberry relish. there was also cole slaw, olives, crescent rolls and rye bread. and misty brought an awesome broccoli casserole. oh yeah, we ate BIG TIME!
Swim (Music Box version)
The stately gentleman pictured on the obverse of this piece of currency is Raúl Porras Barrenechea (1897 – 1960). The Wikipedia entry that I link to above describes him as a historian, diplomat, and politician.
Like any couple, we've had our ups and downs. We've been through good times and bad. But after more than 4 years together, I can honestly say I found not only a 'quality relationship' but a life partner.
Before someone can begin enjoying their favorite television shows from their computer, they need to make sure that they have all of the proper software upgrades. Programs such as Flash video are constantly coming out with newer versions. If someone does not have the most recent version of the software they need, their video will be very slow or will not come in at all.
Actually, we're pretty sure that Barley does the chewing. Although Sydney has other "challenges", she prefers to chew on her toys and not household objects.
I would be surprised if many Group of 88 members haven’t already consulted counsel, and I would be even more surprised if counsel hadn’t told them the ambiguity of the statement’s language could be made, in a court of law, to show that the signatories were saying things against the lacrosse team. Because of their overall record of statements and actions, several arts and sciences professors would seem to be at least as legally vulnerable as is Kim Curtis.
from me, who drowned your kittens, who betrayed
the main one being Jorden needed to be closer to a real bathroom.
Economist Stephen Baskerville wrote an article about how certain policies cause the decline of marriage and the family. The biggest one is the policy of no-fault divorce, which is really unilateral divorce. No-fault divorce refers to the ability of one spouse to end the marriage for any reason, or no reason. It’s probably the biggest reason why men refuse to marry today, because they are almost always the victim, and it costs them plenty.
A CERTAIN RATIO – The Graveyard & The Ballroom (1979)
The vibrancy of our democracy depends on our ability and willingness to communicate with each other. We are not reptiles. We have evolved higher brain functions that can override the fear functions. Let’s get back to a Democracy based on texts and dialogue and content analysis and debate. It’s not too difficult, just basic computation, and cooperation across a few separate areas.
While it is true “mortality is swallowed up by” life, let’s read this verse carefully (2 Corinthians 5:4):
The New Black Panther Party has issued a wanted poster and 10k bounty for Zimmerman.
In my view, anyone who can! As it happens both of these women are expert novelists and writers of non-fiction and their contrasting viewpoints would be of interest to their readers. In the novel, The Help, it is obviously that the maids would never have dreamed of writing their stories, had no publishing contacts and there would have been no Help without Skeeter. And yet she was scrupulous about dividing her profits with them.
2. Andre Branch DE Clemson
Assisted by Ellen Quinn Banville
Things did not go well. The girl made no eye contact at all with her courter for much of the time and spoke to him very little. She never did accept the rose he held and offered her. He had a microphone which he offered, but she essentially refused to speak. She smiled some and cried some. But mostly she stood stoically or cowered silently. It was an embarrassment for all and, to me, an inappropriate attempt to strong-arm a woman via the pressure of public display and make rejection much more difficult. But she stood her ground. If she does not want him, then good for her. I don't see this kind of persuasion as an effective tactic for the success of a long-term relationship.
4. To clean surfaces, sprinkle baking soda on a damp cloth. Wipe, then rinse with clean water.
Charlotte Rose, you were such a special little girl and your parent's eulogy today touched me in so many ways. I'm glad you visited here on Earth and I'm so glad you are truly a Child of God. And I'm so glad you were constantly under the care of so many nurses, physicians, surgeons, respiratory therapists, nurse practitioners and such. Your tiny body sure did house such a big spirit and you touched so many people. Thank You.
Keeping Lent?
Though not for sober ear;
Midnight Haze
This month there will be more bursts of energy which will ‘kick the can down the road’. But the impetus will come from within yourselves. We continue to speak of this, and you continue to ask when someone else will do something to change things for you. We point to one of your own widespread wisdoms, “We are the ones we have been waiting for.” Yes, you are.
The net result is a tax penalty on American-made goods and services of about 15%-20% versus foreign competition.
Moreover, who designs the modern costumes?
that nothing can tear or mend.
In this shaky economy, life insurance is arguably more important than ever. The trick is reaching out to this vastly untapped market. How? Not by changing the core concepts, but by changing the way the life insurance industry describes them.
Your DAs and your judges.
Amazing, I could not believe it, but there they were, 765 of them
After some thought, here are my goals for the new year:
We painted it to match our kitchen cabinets and though it is free-standing in the adjacent dining area and set apart from our kitchen counters, it almost plays the role of a built in, making the room feel bigger than it really is. We even tied in some of the same hardware used in other areas of the kitchen. The result may actually have been better than I intended and happily, it's help put this growing collection to frequent use in our house.
Because without us directing their activities and running over every time they yelp out of boredom or distress, they will actually learn how to do that thing many kids (including, to a certain extent, my own) have never really gotten the hang of: How to entertain themselves, without the help of adults or electronics. How to organize a game. How to, uh, play.
3 reaching
I have a 4-mile course in my neighborhood. One of these days I’m going to run the whole thing and in the process will have psyched my body into thinking a 5K is a piece of cake. This is a goal of mine. But it’s easier said than done. First I’m going to have to run up the Oregon Pass hill.
--He seems furious at even the slightest hint of authority in my body language.
I am giving away one $100.00 Gift Certificate to Scrapbook.com Superstore to one lucky winner!!
If your not aware of Rake and what it is, well when for example i play on a cash table on any of the online poker sites they will take a percentage of each pot, this is rake. Thus giving the site their share of the money made. I’m not sure of what the percentage is, but this maybe different to every site.
Leave a comment and let me know how you like the new look my blog. Enjoy the Ham and Potato Soup – and enjoy the beauty of spring!
The deals at Bejool.com are so good that they want to share them with as many people as possible, so they always encourage sharing their deals. Customer loyalty is important to Bejool so they reward their customers with referrals, cash back.
“I know how to take a beating. Ralph is too small, he wasn’t even covering his face.”
Although medications haven't changed fundamentally over the years, the way they are used and the way patients should be reviewed has. But we are falling dramatically short of good and effective care partly due to poor education and partly due to poor compliance by the asthmatics themselves: " more than half of the people aged 15–34 years (who have asthma) .. (pick up their) medications only once in a year. Most patients use their inhalers incorrectly, and only 22% of patients have a written asthma action plan". These are not encouraging findings!
Well done everyone.
It’s definitely about emotions according to the Oracle. Cups is the symbol representing emotions in the Tarot system. My Herbal Tarot deck wants to associate this card with the “herb” cannabis sativa otherwise known as marijuana. Passing illusions! That’s what that rainbow on this card represents. I’ve never liked drugs, alcohol or even excessive herbs because I’m already pretty Neptune-ish and have a difficult enough time keeping my feet on the ground! I’m learning to master my mind and emotions and that’s a bit harder to do when under the influence. LOL
It’s boiling hot.
They’re all amazing. I love each and every one of them. Bill’s a genius. Tom’s a doll. The Dames Mags and St Jude can do no wrong. And instead of hosing down all the women in emulsion and glossing over everyone’s wrinkles as usual, the film almost makes a fetish of them.
I got it! And love everything dearly. Thank you so much for your creative endeavors. YES indeed! Very happy. As always looking for more.
Mellow jazz mixed with controversial politics Tuesday night at The Cracker Factory, where about 30 people gathered to hear Gilad Atzmon play the saxophone and denounce his native Israel as a state “dominated by Jewish racist expansionist ideology.”
June 30 marks the birth anniversaries of two great Brooklyn-born actresses: Lena Horne (1917) and Susan Hayward (1918).
"I can give you more"
Today's task of replacing the bulbs was worth 30 points and adding light bulbs to my list was worth an additional 20 points.
“The huge influx of 130,000 Irish immigrants in the years between 1846 and 1853 provoked a resurgence of nativist hostility against Boston’s Irish population.
”1) That there is
GOD the Father provided His only begotton Son Jesus to die for your sins. Jesus paid the full price and took the full penalty for your sins. "But GOD commendeth His love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us" Romans 5:8. http://www.google.com/imgres?hl=en&gbv=2&biw=1022&bih=571&tbm=isch&tbnid=sMw9sswpQUYBEM:&imgrefurl=http://www.cellphone-wallpapers.net/wallpapers/Religion/Christian/2&docid=lmeJyresLaGEoM&imgurl=http://www.cellphone-wallpapers.net/Wallpapers/Religion/Christian/jesus-died-for-you.jpg&w=176&h=220&ei=gwJ-T4vZNOXJiQKvyZnpDQ&zoom=1
Hanns Heinz Ewers – The Spider
I had done Chemistry for a year and hated everything about it: the smell of the laboratory, the teacher, the fact that I couldn't understand it. So it was a relief to be able to step aside. Art was always going to be one of my A levels and indeed was. So it was History that had to go.
House work or Yard work
I did finally get to understand the impact of the repeal of section 10 when I trained to be a health and safety officer. Section 10 of the 1947 Act was essentially understood by serving members of the Armed Forces to exempt the Ministry of Defence from any liability for death or personal injury suffered by someone “while on duty” as a result of the act or omission of another member of the Armed Forces. With this section being repealed, many of us in the health and safety field realised that any lack of “reasonably practicable” working systems, policies or practices would be damning in any negligence claim. Many of us also realised, perhaps cynically, who would be blamed if something did go wrong – in the military, junior officers and SNCOs know very well that “shit rolls downhill”.
* Steve Vining as Simon (singing voice)
Matter is the undivided zero of the whole (holon), from her we came as innumerable ones
Please God, there has to be at least some decency out in the cruel, harsh world. I can’t take it anymore. Help me be rid of my bitterness. I don’t want to be angry all the time. Being angry left me feeling miserable. I still didn’t understand why I was raped three years ago. I’d been only twelve then and beyond naive.
Gallops along the world’s ridge in moonlight.
For all the hours that you shine.
I think people who disrespect collections by pilfering for their own greed are dishonoring not only memory, but beyond that, dishonoring an individual or communities’ voice so society can build upon the notion of identity. Kenneth Foote wrote a powerful statement in the Jimerson article for archivists, “the documents and artifacts they collect are important resources for extending the spatial and temporal range of communication” (29). This is so meaningful to me, as someone who values, the written word, the bound book, and the handwritten voice, as remnants of print culture. For someone to remove a link from its context or as part of a collection for their own profit, is creating gaps in time and a disservice to possibly a whole history of a culture.
Fun Facts about Friends of the Smokey Bear Balloon:
I can't sell this before the show, but I will let you know that it will be available in this beautiful Randy Higbee floater frame for $725. It can be purchased over the phone once the show opens, by phone, I believe. Email me at kcareymac@hotmail.com if you're interested....
"让我们牵手" and then there's fire to the sides of the head priest guy and
Rohini Aggarawal has authored a number of books on taxation, corporate and banking laws. Rohini has behind her 18 years of professional experience including association with Pricewaterhouse Coopers and is presently a Principal Consultant at ARX Advisors.
I am LOVING that Fourth Of July is less than a month away! Even though ill be working :( i still enjoy the holiday! The smell of bbq & fireworks is THEE best! & ill be spending that wknd with the baby daddy either in Vegas or San Fransisco.
The Lowcountry Business Network and Armada Real Estate have put forth so much effort to make this year’s event bigger than ever, and we are so excited for this year’s tournament. As the Charleston Basket Brigade’s big kick-off to fundraising efforts for 2012, this event will go a long way to help us reach the goal of feeding 18,000 Lowcountry people in need this Thanksgiving. We hope you sign up today and join us May 2 to help give back – and have some golfun’!
The following recipe was something I found on Pinterest so I can’t take credit for it, but it was so good so I thought I’d share on here as well (pics below are mine, not from Pinterest).
Brouwerij De Koninck NV De Koninck
Do you have any strange fears? Funny habits? Odd thoughts?
We love eating Indian and are lucky that there is a pretty good one (Face : Indonesian-owned but managed by a bunch of Singaporeans) just within our residence. Unfortunately it's only open for dinner and is very costly, besides, it's good to try a different curry sometimes. The sauces tend to taste the same after a while, you wouldn't be able to tell a korma, makhani, rogan josh, vindaloo or doo piazza apart.
I have been crazy busy! A lot has happened
So whilst Nick Clegg looks to book his holiday in the Med with his wealthy EU backers will he spare a thought for the 850 Londoners who could lose their jobs because of this failed political project? I doubt it.
I came here to tell you all about Mikey's First Holy Communion, and I just realized that I never filled you in on the rest of our vacation. As if it's that shocking to you that I might be behind on blogging. Ha!
My depression has been deep and dark, for reasons known only to my misfiring brain. I do have some weighty issues on my mind, but that in itself is not the problem.
It will be great to see who inspires all you crafters out there, plus hopefully, at the same time, challenging yourself. In all honesty it was a bit of a challenge for all the Design Team members too :)
I love hearing what the kids are grateful for. This year, the first thing out of Christopher's mouth was "TV shows". The next day he said "TV". I said "Christopher, we already wrote that up yesterday." He replied "No mom. That is for TV shows. Today I'm grateful for the TV". Okay, fine. Today he was grateful for Wii games. Tomorrow I'm expecting iPad. I think he might need a little less media in his life.
Kumut pasta with veggies and/or protein source for lunch
Anyway, aside from the no alley situation (which means everybody has to put their garbage on the sidewalk), being in NYC felt a lot like being in Chicago. The similar architecture, the distinct neighborhoods, the traffic, the crowds... It was just a bigger version of my favorite city! Chicago on steroids, if you will.
The tourist then asked, "Why didn't you stay out longer and catch more fish?"
I must say this however, much to my surprise. When I logged on to blogger for the first time since the Christmas Holidays, I was half expecting those who had signed on as followers would have long vacated this sorry site. But lo and behold, there you all were (are), exactly as I left so long ago. Hmmm! Perhaps you are wondering what possessed me to, after all of this time, to log back in and to post something so innocuous. Well, the truth is, I have not bothered to check my email account for this site either for obvious reasons. But tonight, more out of curiosity and distraction, I punched the 'ON' button just to see if this dinosaur would roar back to life. It did and a part of me did as well. Especially when I read some of the accumulated back mail that had accumulated.
Thus, in your mind.
Suzy West
Max is eating well, so I'm often to be found sitting in the same chair and I'm getting through lots of books - thank goodness for excellent Australian libraries. More by accident than by design, I read three books set in New York one after another.
7:40pm: Dinner
from that day. We ended up with 200 or more shots
Hydroelectric Dam
3. Neither failure nor success has the power to change your inner state of Being.
I was extremely nervous on the day of the Marathon. I hadn’t run in 3 weeks thanks to a sprained ankle so I was worried I hadn’t done enough. I was also worried my ankle would be too sore to run on. Turns out I was right to be worried. After just 2 miles my ankle started getting sore so I took a quick waking break. When I started running again I was in too much pain. I ended up walking the rest of the Marathon.
I have no way to accurately judge the quality but based on the price, these are probably not forever rugs. They are fun and trendy and would be ideal for low traffic zones like guest bedrooms or in spaces where the decor is somewhat temporary (i.e. apartments, nurseries, or kids rooms).
"I know the Colonel is very keen for Africa to develop a space programme," said Mawiri, alluding to Libya's space programme that reportedly involves a man stapled to a weather balloon.
It was a huge success.
It's time to give some major love to those that keep IHeart Organizing's lights on, and I couldn't be more excited to send them each virtual hugs, smooches and high fives for all they do!
Deputy Roberts was unable to safely disengage himself for fear of falling underneath the moving automobile. Just as Jones was about to exit the mobile home park and turn onto Kane Rd, Sergeant Greg Lavoy arrived and witnessed Deputy Roberts being dragged by Jones’s vehicle. Sergeant Lavoy used his patrol vehicle to block the exit in an attempt to prevent Jones from reaching the roadway with Deputy Roberts still clinging to the side of the car. Just before contact was made between the two vehicles, Deputy Roberts was finally able to turn off the ignition and jump from the still moving car.
I like Taylor because she writes her own songs and because she learned how to play the banjo. She’s not the best singer in the world, but her intentions are good, her words are heartfelt and she tells a great story.
What could possibly go wrong.
We run to be fearless and confident.
This means that 38% of children are unable to read at grade level at the end of 3rd grade. Not a majority but certainly significant. Are the grade level expectations inappropriate or are the schools failing children? I would argue both.
to support the requisite legal talent, as suggested by our findings that smaller
RM 53
Music Motivation
As like last night, the service was great from Vince and Karolyn, and again, Vince's daughter was waitressing throughout the restaurant. Another thing I did notice tonight was the nice stone patio that they have out back, complete with a misting system, canopy, etc. This could be a great place to host an event, in the heart of the city.
I told my mom because I was so scared of him I ditched first period the first day! I wanted to be transferred, but she had him transferred leaving me with his buddies. But first period wasn’t the worse aside from some paper airplanes because they talked to each other. The worse was when in one class I was sat next to one. I had never talked to him but he talked crap about me.
I am really loving the colors I used on both hummingbirds. The left one is the color scheme I used to enamel the peacock pendant a few months ago. The other hummingbird mom wanted me to use her favorite "Woodrow Red" combination I make with blues and greens. Both of us are really happy with the way they turned out. We still haven't decided if we are just going to sell them as pendants or make them up into a necklace for our show in a few weeks (need to decide fast!).
As a youth mentor, I’ve come across young people from broken homes who struggle on many levels because they haven’t got both parents in their lives. To be fair this isn’t always because parents split up, sometimes this happens when a parent is bereaved. Children and young people need to be in a family where there is support, love and discipline. I’ve come to realise that doesn’t have to be provided by a daddy and a mummy, sometimes it’s grandparents, uncles and aunts who fill those shoes.
I re-read the Houston speech this afternoon. A lot of religious people – including a lot of Catholics – think that JFK got it all wrong, that he did more harm than good in advocating a radical (maybe erroneously interpreted) separation of Church and State. I am really curious if there were any American Catholics at the time who disagreed with this speech, and I haven’t been able to find an answer.
There are many ways to make Ratatouille, and here is one.
Isaiah 43:2
Though I've said it before, I really do hope to come back to writing here with some increasing frequency. I've written many posts in my head, and at some point, I need to make room for other thoughts. :)
To reserve a seat or for more information, please contact Avery Eli Okin, Esp., CAE
I am rooting for Mama Sox and Lee DeWyze to go to the final.
Cathy :))
It was an "open secret" he had indulged in at least one fling with a female police officer, according to reports.
Who became a great friend of mine as a result. And I said, "Well, military history I'd like." And he said, "Would you review crime? If you review crime regularly, once a fortnight, you can take military history as well." So that was the deal.
Zine
To possess rapid support be sure to keep prices reasonable and competitive. Leaders in the ultra-wide projection range for more flexible in assigning signal space, and is not a problem, this notebook can bring, I really think if NEC Versa E6150 doesn't have left numerous positive effects in increasing the nec multisync lcd 1525m driver and external communication. The price of the nec multisync lcd 1525m driver that this notebook can bring, I really think if NEC Versa E6150 doesn't have onboard graphic card to Intel X4500 onboard graphic card when switching to Power Save mode. So in the nec multisync lcd 1860nx and electronic devices take glossy theme, the nec multisync lcd 1700m+ of service delivery across their entire customer base. With this information, customer care operators can accurately diagnose user problems and improve both network and device performance.
My Irish great-grandmother apparently used to pick up the paper and say, “Let’s see who’s dead now.” Going to wakes was part of her social life—that’s why the obituaries are called “the Irish society column.”
I guess that means he wins this round.
* Educate clubs & teachers how to use WordPress. Have one centralized campus group which can set up websites quickly and easily so individual departments and professors don’t have to seek them out or drop $2000 on web design.
drive very fancy cars, but want everyone else to live like my grandmother did in Brownsville in Brooklyn in the 1920s," Kotkin said, pointing to the "smart-growth" policies that dominate development decisions across California.
Last weekend, we had a party for the adults in Nikki Dee's life. Then on Thursday, her actual birthday, I picked her up from school at lunch time. We had a hot dog and fries at the chip truck before enjoying ice cream cones. For supper, her parents ordered pizza, and put a candle in cupcakes, so we could all sing again and watch her blow it out more than once.
I truly wonder what the Earth will be like 50 years from now. Even 25 years is a concern, seeing as that is the approximate time frame until we run out of oil, and potentially clean water. Using resources wisely will be unbelievably important from here on in for the survival of the human race. As the population rises, the demand for resources will be very high (clean water especially) potentially causing conflict we cannot imagine. I remain optimistic. Many governments, and especially corporations are slow to adapt environmental policies not being able to see the positives of environmentally friendly ways. If the people demand change, it will have to come. Just like the Occupy movement, we are the 99%. However, I digress.
For nearly a century, Crown College has been preparing Christians to serve and influence the world. Founded in 1916 by Reverend J. D. Williams, the College began with four students who wanted to study the Bible. It quickly blossomed and grew into a training school and eventually became known as St. Paul Bible Institute, establishing a solid reputation as a leader in the Bible-college movement throughout the Midwest.
1/2 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper flakes
This was lovely and it filled our tummies for a short while, while we talked about things and what to expect during the performance. It would be the husband’s first ballet so I guess he must be wondering what’s it all about! Just men in tight tights and females prancing around on tiptoes perhaps. As we were sitting by the big floor to ceiling windows, it was also lovely to look outside and take in the scenery overlooking the waters and tourists walking by or joggers having a leisurely run.
He must rank as one of the youngest ever winners of the domestic double and will never be forgotten, not just for the goal at White Hart Lane but the other 26 that accompanied it.
“High Mountain Banana…only fit for the lions” Can you imagine that the bananas are so good in quality that it only fit for the king of the jungle. Of course it will be expensive and probably 20-30% higher than the normal supermarket bananas. “Roar for more, High Mountain Bananas”
I don’t care about your nationality
DANCEKOOL 26 is back in May 13th 2012!!
I am thrilled! I must answer yes to all of my questions. This image speaks to me in so many different ways. It says everything I wanted it to and so much more. I hope readers are captured and intrigued by the cover also.
Previous to the Listerine advertising, bad breath had been understood as a disagreeable social habit, but because people can’t really smell their own breath, ‘getting rid of my bad breath’ had not been a task they actively sought to fulfill. Before Listerine sold mouthwash, they sold halitosis.
Maggie, an Aquarius was always looking to help people in need even if it means that she gets into trouble.
In today's heavily competitive world of writing, I think it certainly couldn't hurt to have as many opportunities to shout out your work's merits as you can find, so for me for now, a blog continues. And there are a lot of choices today for bloggers to decorate their site, and personalize it- and oh this is good, MONETIZE it--but--that in itself is another blog post.
Even before the first true shades of gold crept into the dawn, he knew that it was going to be a cold day. October was drawing to a close, escorting in the first real fall-like weather. There was something sinister about the approaching cold, something that the warmth of his coffee failed to diminish.
The next day at breakfast I ran into the girl that I was tied to and she asked how I was feeling because she found out that I threw up. I was so embarassed about the whole thing that Ijust politely replied to say that I was fine and I began avoiding her for the rest of the year.
And even if it had filled the frame, it could never be the same. That hornet is burned in my memory more surely and with more reality than any digital image. For a good few minutes I watched it hover in and out of the entrance, moving forward and back, never changing its orientation, droning and buzzing like - well, a hornet.
1 flattened
The most recent celeb to rock this trend was model Amber Rose. The 28-year-old wore a one-shouldered, yellow Versace gown at the Grammys, which stood out in the sea of black and white dresses. Ironically, she was at the show supporting boyfriend Wiz Khalifa, who was nominated for Best Rap Performance for his song “Black and Yellow.”
If we do so, we can gracefully point any situation in a direction that favors our good, and which benefits all concerned.
One week he scared me, though I hate to admit it, and his threat of getting me on my way home from school forced me to walk an unpredictable, very roundabout, long way home. I did that for months, telling no one. It seemed to work and eventually he gave up and found a new victim.
Third, Prothom Alo report shows quite a few Hindu winners, spread across the country, and from both parties. This is after the large swing against the AL candidate in CCC. Could there be some realignment going on among this demographics that has traditionally been considered safe-AL voters (particularly given the persecution post-2001 election)?
These days any letter mail hand addressed to you is special. Some one actually took the time to write you a note, buy a stamp & post it in the mail. A treasure.
Oh royal scorn, shades of red
Caral Ni Chuilin’s adviser Mary McArdle ‘to leave post’ Ex-Lord Mayor slams bomb attack – Local – News Letter Falls goes green for St Patrick’s ‘Secret’ government documents reveal: No early release for convicted Paras Deaths of Derry IRA men remembered Consultation begins on NI police ombudsman reforms Ombudsman could probe ex-officers Shatter warns of terrorist threat Lynch ordered Garda not to help inquiry, says RUC man Derry could lose historic sites Dublin ‘must reveal IRA collusion’ PSNI were warned of IRA operation History lessons will teach us the truth about the past Bogside Artists to take skills to NY college Strathfoyle youths get creative with new murals Peer’s backing for Pat Finucane inquiry Marian Price ‘refuses to meet Sinn Fein’ during prison visit Smithwick Tribunal: Minister defends former Taoiseach Some PSNI officers can apply for Garda jobs
101 Friends is a project of the Research, Training and Development division of Spectrum Society: We believe we are surrounded by evidence of kindness, sharing and abundance. If you’d like to share any of the articles or illustrations (not photographs of people or works which are obviously by individuals, who have only given us permission for here) from the 101 Friends blog you are welcome to do so for the uses of non-profits or social justice organizations, giving credit to www.101friends.ca - a note letting us know either in the comments or by email or twitter would be great! Copies of our books, posters and media works for use by groups are available at www.spectrumpress.ca Inquiries about workshops or facilitation can be made to aaron@spectrumsociety.org Spectrum is a charity, although Spectrum Press and Learning are Social Enterprises, and donations to our work can be made here – specify Research Training and Development if it matters to you, otherwise it’ll be used where it’s most needed. You can subscribe to our blog as a blog on wordpress, or as a monthly newsletter at the link above.
Bella: No you silly goose! You're a CUTE MOM!"
Where folks who dance can strut their stuff
Cliffhanger. Split the original chapter 2 up into 2 chapters instead- chapters two and three- to make it more sane. Finals week is NEXT week, but it’s nowhere near as hectic as this one, sooooooo…. I can get a regular schedule by next week instead????
Before we get into life insurance, let’s consider what insurance is all about. At it’s core, insurance is a form of risk management. One pays a small amount to a company that promises to cover the costs of a future catastrophe. Insurance financially protects households by creating a large pool of people who pay into a fund, which in turn pays out to the comparatively small number who, through chance, need financial help due to a disaster.
At the time, we were the parents of two useless basset hounds. Don’t get me wrong, they were our bassets and we loved them completely. But they basically existed so that we could financially support the dog food industry. Interestingly, the female basset, Daisy, also noticed the fluffy gray cat. Always ready to make friends, one afternoon she proceeded over, started wagging her tail, and poured on the charm. Poor thing. She didn’t know that cats don’t do charm. For weeks, Daisy tried to make friends. Then, she just decided to simply mother the poor thing. Once Daisy made that decision, the fluffy gray cat didn’t have a chance. It was now a part of our family.
to provide the opportunity to socialise in the community and not restrict interaction to same age peers
So Vodka Mom is my Monday Look at this Blog .. for all the best of reasons.
I have been trying out so many new recipes, ever since I started doing Bountiful Baskets. I have to use everything in my basket so I have been cooking a lot more, and eating a lot more healthy.
Learning German is a lot less stressful than this.
www.siradisnetwork.podbean.com
Date: 23 February 2012, Circus 2 at Stratford Circus, 19:30-21:30, general public £3, students £1.
I have three slings at the moment, and although all of them are meant to be able to hold Monkey from being very tiny to toddlerhood, two of them are starting to pull on my back a little. I have a very bad back as a result of a car crash years ago, so finding the right sling is very important.
Hey hehehehey!
A friend and I were laughing ourselves silly over all the things we said we'd NEVER do, or would ALWAYS do before we had kids. Well before. Well, Well, before. Before we ate every single word, deep fried, with ketchup. And you people will eat them too.
I want you to get involved with My Creative Future, commenting on blog posts, posting your own creative blogs/websites and work and using the blog as a way to keep up to date with what’s going on in these creative industries that could help with future career choices you make.
The top video was a couple weeks ago when he rolled over from his belly to his back for the first time. Unfortunately Daddy wasn't there so we sent him a video right away. He has that down but has been working hard to figure out how to get from his back to belly. He did that today for the first time and Daddy was there to see it!! As you can tell in the second video, we are rather proud and excited about his new accomplishment :) And yes, our son hates wearing pants.
I asked her while we were at the sink washing our hands if this is her foster child. She said that he is actually her adopted son. They got him from the hospital when he was a newborn. I was excited when she said that because Heath and I are setting our age bracket for newborns to 2 yrs old. I have heard a lot of difficult stories about getting newborns, so I have felt a little bit of anxiety over it. But to see this successful story in person brought me much hope.
and curved these fab stickers across the top of the card.
So I hit a snag with the Burda dress- no zipper in the stash. While I was waiting to make a trip to the "local" (sixty some odd miles away) fabric store, I found a nice, dark wash stretch denim at my local Walmart of all places. (Yeah, apparently they can get nice denim, but they can't stock an invisible zipper in any color other than black or white.)
EPL is the epitome of what a community library is supposed to be – and all the libraries on the island are equally adorable. The first time I came to Martha’s Vineyard with 4-year old Lulu, we spent a month in April biking around the island and visiting every library there – from West Tisbury to Vineyard Haven, Chilmark, Aquinnah and Oak Bluffs. But our favorite was then and continues to be Edgartown’s little beauty. They say they’re going to build a new library but I’m not believing it. I hate change … and am hardly ready to give up this little gem.
door neighbors to be were 'kind of loud'.
he set my feet on a rock and gave me a firm place to stand (Psalm 40:2).
Mr Kehoe and his team had the largest airport stand at the Routes Asia event, aiming to demonstrate the strong trading links with China by showing a film about the partnership between the airport and MG Motors, a company owned by Shanghai Automotive.
Serve chilled over ice!
Tips for new teachers
Locomotion...Grand Funk Railroad
Day in and day out, the months bleed into one
He said the move was a result of numerous complaints received from parents and other concerned citizens regarding the poor quality of the programmes, claiming that some of the programmes aired had given rise to a number of social problems.
but with the soul..."
Rinse and repeat.
Studies of ancient Galilean ships have shown that the ‘other side of the boat’ is only 7 ½ feet across and indeed the fish could swim. Come to think of it, there really isn’t any difference in left side or right side of the boat as far as the fish is concerned. Is there a fishing sweet spot? However, they did catch lots of large fish. But amazingly the net doesn’t break this time. Contrast this with the previous instance when the net began to break.
From body to body your spirit speeds on;
My mum is making a gravy on the stove with mushrooms and it all smells delicious. She is talking with us too.
osteoporosis. Cheese provides 25% of the calcium in the food supply.Its high in protein thus reduce the risk of cancer and its a health food for stomach disorders..
“Of course, of course–won’t you sit down.” I offered him a chair, and he took it. We got straight to business. The Admiral has a substantial account through his pension from the navy, in addition to various parcels of land owned by himself in both Britain and India. Mr. Tibbs was seeking to move some funds about from account to account, liquify some assets, and see about securing a small loan. None of this was terribly complex work, and we finished the lion’s share of the effort in a matter of minutes. Soon we found ourselves sipping tea as we waited for the clerks to finish drawing up the papers. This was to be my opportunity.
13. Don’t Let Me Down
If a friend, family member, or fellow student is experiencing any of these symptoms and/or you have noticed changes in that person’s academic life, in behavior with others, and in daily habits, he or she may be experiencing something more than just stress. This person may benefit from talking to a health care professional about how they are feeling.
2010.07.27 Thailand Yala 1 0 A 26-year-old man is gunned down by Islamic insurgents.
One of our favorite things to do whenever we go to a new park or nature center is to get a different view, or perspective, of the area. We’re always finding hills to hike (or run down) and towers to climb. I also try to incorporate all 5 senses, which is another great way to get a different perspective of nature.
She sets her jaw and says nothing. The light changes and they begin to cross the street.
* How do you keep your clients informed of your activities on their behalf?
The charming millhouse was built at the point where the water from the spring basin flowed into Juniper Springs Run. Its undershot waterwheel powered a small generator that provided electricity for the park. The beautifully preserved millhouse is a favorite with photographers and now houses an exhibit about the development of the recreation area and the history of the CCC.
The voice manifest itself into a physical shape and she was awakened. She could see the physical materialisation of the voice of promises and it was majestic. He had long, flowing, golden hair, a bronzed, shapely body, and a face more beautiful and wise than she had thought possible. It was his eyes, though, that contained the blazing fire and passion that made her realise that he was greater than everything. He was a god to defy the gods; a never-ending essence of light that, like the phoenix, burst into flame and was reborn a million times before those perceiving it had presence of mind enough to realise that this thing exists—that this thing is real. She wanted him, and she wanted everything that was his.
Thanks Wen, for the idea and the box of pies. I'd ship you some if I could...
“Twice!”
Earth people around the circle,
campaign to end poverty, stop environmental destruction and free the
Zoe ate almost an entire cactus. She also ate a remote control and a computer mouse. I think she also ate my husband Alex's "doo doo". Okay, that came out wrong. His "doo doo" is the plastic thing he used to shove into a slot on his laptop to activate the secure line on it. The "doo doo" is missing in action. Gone!
This morning, I read an interesting INC article that provides an insider’s look into TechStars, the popular and fast-growing startup accelerator. While TechStars and YCombinator are generally considered the Harvard and Princeton equivalents of the accelerator world, I wonder whether the rest of the pack, essentially startups themselves, has equal value. While I enjoyed the INC piece, I was disappointed to learn that some TechStars applicants are accepted because of their relationships with the organization’s leaders despite having severely underdeveloped or non-existent products. But on the other hand, I recognize that this is the way the world works. In private business, democracy has a very limited role. And merit may have even less. In the startup world, a frequently heard maxim is that venture capitalists invest in personalities and founders, not companies.
Cool Right Down by The Molting Vultures
The 2011 Limited Release of Smokestack Series Imperial Stout has recently been the subject of some consumer comments and forum postings. We’d like to take this opportunity to explain what happened, and to offer monetary relief to any dissatisfied consumers.
Shire Klakavirki: Ameline
In the right door, has the cheese holder, full of cheese (except slices, which are in the sandwich stuff drawer) the misc drinks, and tall condiments/salad dressings (we plan to eat more salads) on the bottom.
For those of you who are senior, and will retire senior, I understand, COMPLETELY, why you would discount my view.
Thank you so much for advocating for these kids. I'm not even waiting for the give away. I clicked right over to Reece's Rainbow and donated to Peter. Now someone go get him!
We started off trying to think of more emo-friendly bands, like:
3.Layer chicken breast and soup misxture in slow cooker.
And this isn't going to be long, because I'm being forced into this AND doing a stupid book review. Holy mother of humanity I just want to sit....and watch TV.
I am teaching these 3 classes at Yoga North. Please visit their site or call them at 218-722-YOGA to sign up. Each class generally fills to capacity so I recommend that you sign up early.
My twins turn 9 tomorrow. I got them two presents each. I hope they like them. They aren't fancy, or big, or expensive, or anything.
Also something I just saw in a post from a new station I follow; they asked if people would ever consider re-electing Portland mayor Sam Adams. I noticed that most of them didn’t, but it was the reasons that disturbed me. Back in the start of his campaigning, he was caught having a relationship with a 17 year old man. Now normally people would head to prison for that, but he was elected anyway and has served four years. A vast majority of people have said no because he is gay and had the relationship. Now I will agree that the relationship was very wrong and inappropriate, but just because he is gay is not a reason. One guy went as far as saying, “Not that flamer, I want a real man in office.” That comment sent me over the top.
"Hahahaha. I should have known. So ... are you going to have sex?"
break;
It's really hard to sell your house at the moment, so we got rid of the last bits and pieces that were still stored in one of the rooms and the garage, delivered two bikes (one borrowed from sis, one sold to sis in law), saw some friends, a mother, some brothers and catched up with several neighbours.
Of all projects lately, I seem to be drawn to my old childhood passion of stitching and sewing. I used to embroider all the time, and I’ve continued to have an on-again, off-again relationship with it ever since. Recently, stitching and I have definitely been ON!
We have seven grandchildren. Six of them are boys. We are destined to stock our toy closet with Hot Wheels and plastic dinosaurs instead of Barbie dolls and Polly Pockets. Oh well.
While searching him, Hunt found a receipt in Garrison’s front pants pocket from the restaurant that showed purchases of 20 Jack Daniels, two Jagermeister and one Makers Mark, totaling $139.09.
Substitutions of cheaper ingredients
Sounds like a plan to me
Hear our prayer of repentance Lord and cleanse us
My mother, a very sensitive woman, was Christened with the name Agnes but was never called that, even by her parents – she was always called Nan.
ALL-PURPOSE CLEANER #1 - spray
I think it is crucial to carve a space out for yourself. It doesn't have to be an entire room. But a little cozy spot that says relax and unwind. We all need to recharge from time to time and my spot is a soft place to land when I am having a rough day.
Old Spanish Fort, located in Pascagoula and built between 1715 and 1726, is now a museum. The world's largest shrimp is also supposed to be located there, but darned if I could find a picture of it anywhere. Maybe they turned it into the world's largest shrimp cocktail.
I retained bits of Beech Haven’s history orated over the years by my great-grandparents, who lived just up the hill. My great-grandmother explained that her father’s discovery of large, flat boulders resting along the creek bottom inspired him to construct stone benches, tables, lantern holders, an outdoor stove and a camelback bridge on the property. He modeled the bridge after one he saw in Japan during a visit there with my great-grandmother. At the age of 16, she had been diagnosed with a terminal “weak heart,” so my great-great-grandfather wanted to show her the world before she died. She lived to be 101.
Contributions can be designed to be progressive, and even nominal for the poorest. Virtually no system of social insurance is self-supporting on the individual level; there’s always some form of cross-subsidization and General Fund subsidization is quite common, as long as the principle remains. In this fashion, the contributory principle can operate not to exclude but rather to shift public thinking to view the poor as part of the group.
Robert Shearman – Granny’s Grinning
Sadly, I don't actually have any of these magazines. As far as I remember, I never saw them on any of the local newsstands when I was a kid, although the color comic wasn't hard to find. I've hunted for them in various back issue bins over the years, but never came across any copies. I've poked around online, too, but never found any that I felt were reasonably priced. Oh well....
See you next year Blogging A-Z!
As she quickly throws it into Second Gear…
They arrived England, but they have to work really cheap money! He did work. Then, he met beautiful woman her name is Rose. They like each other. In fact, Rose’s father is a man who impose Arman cheap money work. Rose’s father didn’t allow Rose to associate with Arman. So, he rang to police to arrest Arman.
A novel's plot should not be a series of conversations where characters move from one place to another and all they do is have chats with other characters.
Wes did not let me down. Though it's made from the usually citrus-y, sometimes flinty Sauvignon Blanc grape, this dessert wine is lush and sweet with notes of honeysuckle and apricot. It lingers on the palate for a nice long time and it goes down easy with both berries and traditional white birthday cake. I don't think a 2 year old has the palate to appreciate this wine, but the adults in the room sure did!
Fireplaces may seem like a typical feature within a typical winter home, but for engineers and architects into architectural design, a fireplace serves much more than just being a place for warming up. Architecturally, a fireplace is a structure that is designed to contain a fire.
I must admit it was pure, unadulterated awesome and a bit surreal to flip on the Weather Channel that morning and see their little freezer open and overflowing with tubs of ice cream.. with one of those pints showing off a big Mt. Tom's logo on it. Marketing nirvana.
1 TB dark rum
An empty granola container. Why? Did it hold granola? Nope. I stuffed some chocolate covered espresso beans in there for the training yesterday.
It only takes a moment to reach out to be a friend
E and I loved the quinoa + arugula salad from California Pizza Kitchen earlier this month, so we just tossed some arugula with one of our favorite quinoa recipes (which we had whipped up for our Super Tuesday super party). As if that weren't enough, we were inspired at Whole Foods to grab a few scallops too, which added that lovely touch of summer to our dinner.
So fancy yourself a good creep out? Then you might enjoy this take on a good ol' party with the big red guy. The Devil Inside takes over on January 6th.
Every color, every hue.
Literature circle is my favorite, though I did not create this strategy. I received an email years ago with this AP strategy attached, based on Harvey Daniels', and I have adapted it to teach with non-AP-level learners. Each of the six students have a role (Discussion Director, Connector, Summarizer, Illuminator, Illustrator, Word Watcher), and they pick up their paper from the group file whenever they're ready to complete it. They bring their AP-guided questions to the meeting, and they talk while I make notes (on the rubric I created). These discussions are awesome.
Richie gets a call and heads to the morgue to meet Detective Norman Reilly (Norman Reedus) Reilly asks him to identify Jay's corpse. Reilly tells Jay that the morgue's been crazy lately, pointing out a major new drug supply like nothing they've ever seen. Richie takes a distinctive looking "Blue Magic" packet from Jay's body.
MR. MONSTER by Dan Wells won the Whitney award for Best Novel.
"God bless the friend who just 'stands by'!"
Illusions disappeared from the roots of gravity
I loaded up the Wine Rack and then spent about 30 minutes rearranging bottles in just the right order so that the rack looked “just right”. (I have some obsessive-compulsive issues)
Drugs, electronics and electroshock
On page one, the company says its banker is Ulster Bank which is not a NAMA bank at all. You have to go to the very last page of the accounts, page 28 to see that in note 23, the company refers to NAMA for the very first and only time, and admits that its loans -elsewhere shown totaling GBP 228m or about €276m at current exchange rates – have been transferred to NAMA. The company accepts that, in note 23, “the company is now dependent on the ongoing support of NAMA, and its other lender, and will continue to require such support until the economy has sufficiently recovered from its downturn and the company is successful in realizing the full value of the properties included in investment properties and those properties held by the unit trusts” It’s not clear what is meant by “its other lender” as the note says that the company’s loans have been transferred to NAMA. Further it is said that “the company’s banking facilities have expired and are repayable on demand” though even this is slightly confusing because elsewhere the bank debt is split between repayable within 12 months and repayable after one year.
This answer was perfect. It stunned him and his friends for a moment and they sort of fluttered around muttering, “No, no, that’s not how they spell it in America. I know that’s not how they spell it in America. Is it? Is that how they spell it in America? How could I not have known that? I need to google this right away.”
Visualizing with Augmented Reality (AR)
I almost think I would need to see it again to be able to decide whether it was truly a good show. Any of you who have seen it, please give me your opinions!
YELLOW FINGERNAIL POLISH!!!
The wreck of the Titanic remains on the seabed, gradually disintegrating at a depth of 12,415 feet (3,784 m). Since its rediscovery in 1985, thousands of artefacts have been recovered from the sea bed and put on display at museums around the world. Titanic has become one of the most famous ships in history, her memory kept alive by numerous books, films, exhibits and memorials.
This is the time of year when things start to really change. The weather changes, people move, people get married, people finish school, people start new jobs. I’m the kind of person that would prefer things to never change at all, even if its for the better.
It is only really in the twentieth century that the word love, or at least one form of love began to be given an entirely different meaning. For the first time ever there became circumstances where it has become possible for the act of love to be called hatred. In fact, it has not only become possible for certain forms of love to be called hate, but they now routinely are called hatred.
So you can complain about his fashion sense, or complain that he wears the good pants too often and wears them out, or complain that his tie doesn't match his shirt, or you could just lay out his clothes for him.
i dont speak english at home, neither at school.
Thank you for your comment Gordon. This issue needs to be talked about and preached in the churches and fellowships, because the issue of pedophilia, sexual and spiritual abuse has become nearly pandemic in the church. And I tremble at the judgment of God that will surely fall if the people of God don’t stop tolerating this, stop covering it up as if it were nothing in God’s eyes.
Nick has released a statement for now, but will be discussing it further on his final show.
At his safe house in Albuquerque! What? How did he come back so fast and unnoticed? We then see James drop a flowery suitcase (young Mary’s suitcase from the flashbacks) with supposedly whatever was in the box into Mary’s basement. But she doesn’t know that..yet.
please be nice little girls & boys and check their blogs, you won't be disappointed!
Boo.
Lastly there are the wirildas (Acacia retinoides). Only 3 of these are up so far. I didn't get a clear picture of any of them, but I'm including this one just for comparison with the mearnsii. The wirilda starts life green:
a great job
Josephine Dubois 2007 Pinot Noir Grande Reserve had a lovely cherry fruit flavor that was slightly earthy and acidic. This wine complimented the roasted turkey, mushroom gravy etc.
Libby Cantrell’s life has gone from bad to worse since her mother’s death. After working in a brothel to support her abusive father, she sees no hope for her future until one cold winter night when she finds the courage to escape.
The biggest difference? Well, geography and time period aside, Malcolm X's narrative of transformation from criminal to nationalist specifically derides his past as a gambler, pimp, and burgler. His disgust with those ways coats every page. Sanyika Shakur, in contrast, can't be said to do anything but glorify the activities of the Crips in South Central Los Angeles. He goes to great lengths to detail the power of the gangland life, describing the bangers as combat soldiers, capturing territory like "Hitler's sweep through Europe."
A diffuser creates downforce by creating a pressure differential, with low pressure beneath and higher pressure above. The larger a diffuser is, the more expansion ratio is has, thus more potential to create downforce. Diffusers were limited to a simple 100cm width, 35cm length and 17.5cm height from 2009. Then for this year the height further reduced to just 12.5cm. This massively reduces the potential of the diffuser to create downforce compared to the previous rules. Diffusers are allowed to have fences, but the fences and the diffuser itself must not form undercuts when viewed from below. Which is why we see the simple vertical fences and jelly mould curvature.
But, Oh Happy Day~ my DH looked it over and has finally fixed it for me! YAHOO:)
First mystery story – In 1704 the first English translation of Arabian Nights was published. One of the stories, The Three Apples, is really the first murder mystery, but most people would say the first was Edgar Allen Poe’s Murder in the Rue Morgue (1841).
I loved Zander and Grover. By far the best supporting cast and comedic relief I’ve seen in awhile! They are geeks, outcasts, and scholarship kids at this exclusive school. They’re pretty much nobodies, too. And they are made of awesome.
Bonjour! I'm hoping my new blog will be a great way to keep each other posted about things we experience and love here in our little corner of paradise.
Hooks—
This weekend was Hofstra University’s yearly Relay for Life event. For those who do not know what Relay for Life is, it is a walk put on by the American Cancer Society to help raise money to find a cure for cancer. There is no specific cancer that the money for this cause goes directly towards, it is for all types of cancer; skin cancer, breast cancer and throat cancer just to name a few. During Relay, people create teams where the idea is to have at least one person walking the track at all hours. They are allowed to switch off and even have more than one person walking at a time but having a person walk the track signifies fighting and/or helping find a cure for the various cancers.
It is not a sorrow, not a pain,
I've used Flocked pp & acetate, Prima, Green Tara, Bella, Bizzy Bec's & Unknown flowers, brads, Kaiser pearls, Bella paper Butterflies, lace & chipboard for the flourish, sml Butterflies and the BG alpha.
This is my favourite photo, followed by variations created using ‘Big Aperture’ – I may well use some of these for another ‘blossom’ inspired painting:
That pretty well captures my reaction to my first attempt at racing a 5k on Friday night. The only other time I did a 5K was a run/walk with my son last year, where I finished in 217th place out of 218 participants. I though at least I could build on that finish.
My dad started asking me a couple months ago how my tulips were coming. I was expecting a full blown tulip festival but I told him the deer were eating a few. He looked at me a little strange but didn't say anything.
To seal the chalk, use a matte finish spray sealer, (an easy thing to find in the art section of most craft stores). Spray from at least 6 inches if not further to prevent moisture spots.
I find it to be very long-lasting under the eyes, with a nice non-creasy finish. It’s not bad on blemishes but not quite as long lasting and can (as with most concealers) dry spots a bit if worn all day. I always put a dot of moisturiser on a spot before I conceal it, which I find very effective in helping the concealer go on smoothly and not dry out through the day.
I actually liked the buttery yellow
Just in case it doesn't hang around though, we took the girls out to play after lunch yesterday. This was about an hour or two after the snow started.
I've been having some Afternoon blend a lot recently at home. It's nice and fragrant like Earl Grey. Shockingly I've been having it at all times of the day. Morning and evening. Scandalous behaviour.
What I believe moves public opinion is repetition, and not repetition in a handful of obviously biased publications or networks, but rather repetition of viewpoints, reporting angles and underlying themes and assumptions, across the entire corporate media. There are a vast array of institutions, including corporations, “think tanks,” schools and militaries, to suffice a society with the viewpoints of the dominant, which in a capitalist society are its industrialists and financiers.
My boss asked to see me in her office Tuesday. This is far from an everyday request so – considering the state of the economy and particularly concerns about the so-called “jobless recovery” we’re experiencing in which the unemployment rate still hovers near 10% and new job creation is at a virtual standstill – I was, like, freaking out.
Mr Riordan’s name may sound familiar–mainly because of his last series that included The Lightning Thief, and followed the story of a young man who discovers himself to be a demi-God. Of course, the main character is not just any demi-god–he is son of Poseidon, the great god of the sea according to Greek mythology. That series kept with the Greek Gods and I found it to be a quick and decently satisfying read.
The past couple of days, there have been several articles on News24, demanding an apology from every single person who is white, regardless of whether they were involved in apartheid (or even born at the time.)
However, the name of the software is not what makes it famous, but mainly the manner in which it was spread. In its initial stage, this virus was mainly designed to target and harm all sorts of data acquisition and control systems throughout the world that were designed by Siemens. These were also known as SCADA, which stands for the same name. The most common way by which this worm affects the computer of a person is through copied files and USBs. This is also because of the fact that this virus does not have significant presence online, but because it mainly targets a certain type of file that is manufactured by a specific company.
At the same time the chronically awesome community is helping me, I feel I am starting to help others (and that other people are helping me as well). Plus I now have a much more fulfilling goal than to crochet a blanket for my partner… Which is good if you take into account that it is a former financial director here writing; a girl who was working to become CEO in a big company… Anyway, it’s not time to look back but forward.
Happy 86th Birthday Da! :')
Yet to this day, the crimes continue to go unpunished. As more information about the femicide came to light, the victims were the ones who were initially blamed by the government, police, and the media for their own murders and disappearances; they were rumored to be prostitutes or wild girls who liked to stay out and party, leaving themselves vulnerable to attack.
in the grip of puppy love going fast to seed.
Brewed: 01-27-2009
Egg- 1 large
STEVIE MACK RADIO – Comedian Spotlight
But if we're going to point out flaws in '94 UD, I need to know what ever possessed Upper Deck to put that squashed mini version of the main photo in the bottom left corner. What a pointless design element. The black-and-white photo is barely legible in some of the horizontal cards.
A Day in the Life of a Fool
Let’s just say… It warrants watching. The execution of the story is so awesome, both plot-wise and visually.
d100 table madness! I have a to-do list of d100 tables in front of me, let's see how many I can crank out this week.
Likely - 13:00
as the kissing couple go underwater.
We woke this mooring to a ucky with very low cloudy damp mist, even at 10 o’clock you couldn’t see Denver from Salters Lode.
Since the doll was so expensive, there wasn't going to be anything for Emily to open on her actual birthday. As she was getting dressed for bed one night in one of her pillowcase nightgowns, I got the idea for nightgowns for the doll, too.
Some in the crowd who heard these words said, “This is truly the Prophet.”
Now, my lovely wife speaks and understands Spanish flawlessly so there was no issue concerning the language barrier here (as, frustratingly, is the case with me as read previously on Sin Polaris). There was something in what the Pardo’s representative was saying that was causing a mix-up.
Hood pulled his pipe from between his teeth and spat into the fire, “I wish we could take ‘em all in – everyone that deserves a haven, everyone that needs hope.”
Mom: I like the guitar, but it sounds like he needs to clear his throat.
We have all kinds of guys in the world. We have them good guys without girlfriends, the good guys with girlfriends, and we have the losers who don’t have a chance of getting women. It’s the third kind that always messes around with girls.
(This recognition happened only one other time in my life, and that was when I met the man who would share more than three decades of my life, but that came years later, and only has a bearing on this story because he also shared my need for truth.)
Drrrrrrraaaaaaaaama!
We ventured off to Ollyantambo to catch the train and unfortunately didn’t spend much time there. I wanted to take a long stroll through town and enjoy a meal here. It appeared to be an artistic community. We drove by a few art galleries and the shops around the plaza had the most colorful tapestries I had seen. Unfortunately I didn’t have time to walk to the plaza. As far as shopping goes, the vendors by the ruins have better prices than those in Lima. The vendors in the back rows are very grateful for your business as they don’t have prime real estate like the vendors in the front rows. I opted out of a full tour of the ruins so I could do some shopping. I couldn’t resist being that we were so short on time.
Q Did he ever indicate in the conversation what he meant by taking them out?
When I first saw those photos I couldn't sleep at all, had the lights on all night and kept checking my parents' room to make sure their heads were still attached to their bodies.
And I keep on walking through the valleys and catacombs of life
Charles Robert Darwin was born on 12 February 1809 in Shrewsbury, Shropshire into a wealthy and well-connected family. His maternal grandfather was china manufacturer Josiah Wedgwood, while his paternal grandfather was Erasmus Darwin, one of the leading intellectuals of 18th century England.
Though I don't see it.
When an album badges and brands itself as Music for Mentalists - you know you'll be stepping a toe into a moral minefield of musical doings. Piley and I were first given the nudge on this one from Dan (the Bacon Man). It's an album co-compiled by Nick Saloman of The Bevis Frond gathering together a black museum of oddities and curios from middling slebs: Reginald Bosanquet, Jim Bowen David Carradine - unknown but bizzaro bods Linda Jarman, Martin Harvey, Mavin James. And John Collier's Saturday Night Suit.
Because Jupiter is a person, and Cancer is the place which gives Jupiter the best resources to fulfill his primary mission. Why Cancer? First you have to get to know the person named “Jupiter.”
9. What one word do you think describes me best?
November 23 San Francisco, CA Warfield Theatre
“A poodle? Isaiah, honey, what are you thinking?”
And for this reason, you should NEVER feel as if you are useless, and you should NEVER be fully resentful of other people.
home of the brave here.. not charged, ends up in intensive care due to negligence of a government that’s supposed to protect us, not injure us.
It would be great if local authors got a once-off shot at a weekly column in a major newspaper, or got to write a film or CD review, or showcase a photo, or even got to design the crossword or trivia quiz for a day--anything that gives us exposure and makes people think we might have ideas worth reading about.
Cat Dail- Future Fridays
A Library, GED and other school-type class rooms, are on the north side of the facility as well as a chaplains office and a place for worship. We did not tour these classroom areas as they were still under construction.
Heaven is Here tells the story of Stephanie’s horrific injuries and grueling recovery, in her own words. Always spurred by her deep faith and devotion to her husband and children, she nonetheless travels some very dark emotional roads and almost unimaginable physical trials. I was in tears so many times throughout this book, and found myself mentally raising a fist and cheering for this young woman. In the end, life looks much different than it had before the accident, but still extremely beautiful.
Driving. Driving. Driving. Singing really loud with the radio – we make quite the Evil Quartet!
Witness X said he felt the document was something he did not have “to give much attention to”, partly because he was dealing with many terrorist incidents around the south Armagh border area on a daily basis.
As WONDERful as this piece is, why does it belong here in WONDERLAND? It is difficult to see, but at the very heart of this piece, suspended from the post of the main clockwork component, is a hand crafted Alice pendant! It is in the shadow of the clock gears, but I think you can catch a glimpse in this photo:
Take a peak at a new line....yoyos and wool, what a wonderful combination....
浴衣や法被をお持ちの方は、祭に着てきて下さい。♪♪
for as far as I could see…
I did so want to sell them a yarn:
The color scheme of the wedding was plum, black, grey, and white, of course. Such an easy pallet to work with! I found most of the decor at Michael's and Hobby Lobby. Most of the paper items (programs, tissue poms, etc.) on Etsy. Again, with little time to work with, I had to make exceptions and do the things I had time for...skip things I normally would have done, and make compromises. So, this is what is looked like when it was all said and done...
Children are gifts, not a chore. They cannot be ignored or cast aside like old newspapers or used condoms. They are the future of our world. As they are treated is how they will contribute to society when they are grown. If their social understanding is stinted, they will not have the tools to fit in and discover the wonders available to them as adults. How do we get people to understand that if they are not prepared to teach by example and love unconditionally, they must not have children. Does this sound harsh? I am sixty five years old and I am sitting in a place of viewing changes in behaviors and disrespect shown to children by not giving them the chance they deserve to think and decide, and strive to better themselves emotionally and intellectually. The romantic notion to have children is immature and impractical, just as mooning over someone and getting married without much thought or pre-marriage counseling. Most weddings these days are attended by guests who are betting on how long the marriage will last.
bar;
With a single skein of Knit Picks Gloss DK from the Ravelry goodie bag at this year's Rhinebeck party, I cast on 90st on 4mm needles. I joined in round and K1 P1 for 1.5", then switched to stockinette until the hat measured 6" or so. Then spiral decreased down to 9st (K8 K2tog repeat, K one row, K7 K2tog etc etc). Then for extra flourish I made a pompom with the leftover yarn. I'm not sure if it is actually going to be big enough for Dash but hopefully it'll fit this year.
And this means that for the most part, I have only two weeks to do the Christmas stuff, whatever that will be.
I'm sure Maralyn won't mind me showing you part of her email.
* been through any kind of special forces training (particularly for the Navy SEALs)
Two of the biggest lies of the devil are; “Words don’t really matter…” “…It doesn’t matter what you say about your church, your kids, your husband, your health, your boss, or your co-workers, and so forth!” The second lie is, “You can speak freely, nobody will know.” That is so wrong! We must be selective to be effective. Every time we speak we activate spiritual forces. We either agree with God, the devil, our circumstances, the flesh or the spirit. Every time we are embracing life or death. We have to speak on purpose. There are two forces contending for the ear of the Father in heaven. On one hand (the Right hand) Jesus is making intercession for us; on the other hand, the “accuser of the brethren” is making slanderous lies and accusations. Our words join us with other the other. We will either partner with Jesus by speaking life, blessing and goodness over ourselves and others or we will partner with the devil and join him in speaking death, judgment and accusation.
Stay tuned for adventures of the world of Hurricane Riley. There are lots of adventures to share... potty training and hearing aids to name a few. See you tomorrow!
Sit baby upright during feeding. Minimize distractions and ensure the teat is always full with milk to prevent baby taking in too much gas.
I've chosen this scripture for memorization this week, and for a deeper look. The words I've highlighted are words that stick out to me, inviting me to look further and understand better.
I recently had the wonderful opportunity to share my analysis of the Kenyan political landscape with the Africa Today show on Bay Area radio station KPFA. Primarily donning my Political Scientist hat, I sought to explain the ongoing transition to democracy in Kenya as a long term affair and one election (2002) does not a transition make. From this long perspective, the violence that rocked the country after the 2007 elections should not have been that surprising and the ongoing rift about the constitution is also expected.
Martin Luther King Jr. was murdered in 1968 when I was 20 years old. To say that he defined social justice in my formative years would be an understatement. And yet, as much as I admired his fiery and charismatic rhetoric and his brilliant mind, he was never the leader I wanted to follow. HIs personality and perhaps his religion were too different from mine, at least his public personna, we were not, obviously BFFs.
1/2 tomato
In the end, I feel sorry for Mr. Stein, for he seems to have lost his way in the morass of adulthood and confused maturity with condescension. Truly, it is his loss.
Dear Butcher's home -- to day may be the day to load the CD's up in the car and head out to the hinterlands to find a leather shop.
I look over to see Moon humping a laughing Ray Charles leg -
Yet in what would at any other time cause uproar in Parliament and among civil liberty and human rights campaigners, its journalists are being treated like members of an organised crime gang.
Facts Last year a group of film studios scored a significant victory in the Internet piracy battle when they succeeded in forcing BT, one of the UK's most popular internet service providers, to block access to an online service called NewzBin2. NewzBin2 was a sequel service to NewzBin, a site which greatly facilitated its paid users' attempts to download copyright-infringing films and other media. The Studios beat the first NewzBin in a 2010 High Court action, forcing its shutdown. But the sequel service quickly rose in its place. In 2011, in a test case against BT (for more details see my earlier CI, "NewzBin2: the first section 97A injunction against an ISP" here), the Studios changed tactics. Rather than attack the infringing service direct, they targeted one of the ISPs through which individuals accessed it. In doing so they sought, successfully, to rely on section 97A of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 (“CDPA”), a previously unused provision which provides that “The High Court…shall have power to grant an injunction against a service provider, where that service provider has actual knowledge of another person using their service to infringe copyright.” With BT ordered to block Newzbin2, the Studios obtained similar blocks against ISPs Sky and TalkTalk. No doubt buoyed by these successes, a group of record companies are now seeking an order that six of the UK's largest ISPs block a different – and far more high profile – service: The Pirate Bay (TPB). Like most services of its type, TPB does not host infringing content. It provides links to torrent files, which allow users to download content using the BitTorrent peer-to-peer file sharing protocol. Most of the content available on TPB is unlawful copies of films, music and software. TPB is probably fairly described as the celebrity poster-boy of piracy. It has been the subject of countless court actions around the world, and its four founding Swedish members have been criminally prosecuted for their part in the service, receiving custodial sentences and large fines (although as far as this author knows, these penalties have yet to be served or paid). Yet the site still operates, defiantly describing itself as "The galaxy's most resilient BitTorrent site". As at the end of last year, it was the 43rd most popular website in the UK (according to Alexa) and generating millions of dollars of advertising revenue a month. With the agreement of both sides, the record companies' application has been split in two: a preliminary hearing to decide whether the users and operators of TPB infringe the record companies' copyright; followed by a hearing on whether a block should be ordered and what form it would take (although the court held that it was not necessary to split such applications in this way – they could well be heard all at once). Mr Justice Arnold has now ruled on the first issue, finding overwhelmingly in the record companies' favour. Analysis It is worth noting that, unusually, none of the affected parties defended this part of the record companies' application. The question to be answered was "does TPB or its users infringe copyright?", yet neither were parties to the claim (nor had it been served on them). Ultimately, the record companies are seeking an order against ISPs, but none of the six targeted chose to defend the application either. Perhaps this is unsurprising – the ISPs rightly point out that it is not for them to decide whether TPB's activities are unlawful. Further, had the ISPs sought to defend a service which so openly revels in its misdeeds, they may have suffered negative costs consequences when that defence inevitably failed. Declining to resist this part of the application may mitigate any liability to those costs the ISPs may ultimate have. Given its notoriety, it was a fairly safe bet to assume the High Court would find that both TPB and its users infringed the record companies' copyright, but Mr Justice Arnold nevertheless gave thorough consideration to the legal issues, not least because there was no party present to defend the alleged perpetrators.
Scribble, scrabble here. Scribble, scrabble there. Throw some watercolor on it. Done.
There was silence for a couple of moments in the car. I knew that the direction of our relationship would likely be determined over the next few minutes of conversation. Then she responded. “Wow. That’s a heavy.”
On Monday my mom, daughter and I went to the Wildhorse Resort and Casino for a little gambling at the slots. Wish I could say we all came away big winners but that just wasn't the case. We did each bring back a little of what we took to gamble with so as not to make the day a total bust. I had some people coming in to the casino snap a photo of us before we headed back home.
Too often, we think it’s enough to just go to church or be a “good” person. Maybe we just go to church because that’s what we’ve always done or because it’s the “right” thing to do. Maybe we go because everyone else does and it makes us look good. We may also think it’s enough to simply believe in God. James 2:19 says “You believe that there is one God. Good! Even the demons believe that—and shudder.”
I should point out that I've noticed tricksters are more often secondary characters than main characters, especially in middle grade and Young Adult fiction. This is probably because tricksters tend to be extraordinary, and we like to read about ordinary main characters, although they may be thrust into extraordinary situations. Tricksters aren't always easy to relate to, of course; when you're around them, you might just find yourself muttering, "Smartass," and heading for the door.
Selectors face several decisions in choosing their next one-day squad, with Clarke’s injury and wicketkeeper Brad Haddin’s future key discussion points. Haddin missed Australia’s initial three matches of the tri-series, with selectors saying he was rested as Matthew Wade took his spot.
And so Rogers and Astaire are in a pantheon all their own. I hope that pop culture points the younger generation toward this artistry sometime in a big way. As I said, there’s lot that will make sense to The Hangover crowd, and much that would jazz them. What they might not know is just how hard Astaire worked at his art.
Technically it is not my place to comment on this matter but I want to anyway. Pensions = very important issue & reputation = possibly even more so. But at what cost? At what expense? Especially in tight economic times….what do you think Saint John?
I asked where he was and was told to go to the hall where the juniors were having an assembly. When I got there, I saw the little menace standing by the door, with the teacher aide. He spotted me and quickly got out. Outside the hall, I had to endure another round of complaints from the teacher aide. When I saw him smiling mischievously, all I wanted to do was strangle him. Gerigitan describes my feeling at that time.
Yes, if the art is of very high quality, the publisher may accept something already illustrated. THAT'S NOT YOU. I'm talking about Jerry Pinkney or Kadir Nelson or Marla Frazee or somebody whose art is exemplary and in high demand.
Take locking children in cupboards......once common enough behaviour;
For so many reasons.
Many people have written to me asking where this article came from, what are my references? It came from “eating the fucking dog food” (figuratively, folks) – from fucking up. Bigtime. From getting sucked in and having to dig myself out of the shit. It came from having to take a long hard look at myself and figure out what was wrong with ME that made me susceptible, and learning about what I should watch out for so it doesn’t happen again. It came from reading, and counselling, and introspection, and talking to people in the counselling profession, and talking to others who had been through similar experiences, and all that hard work stuff. No, I’m not a doctor, or a psychologist (though one of my ex’s thinks I SHOULD be), but over time, I have developed a deep insight into the human condition – largely because having life bite you in the ass has the side effect of opening your eyes, if you let it.
ACT NOW BECAUSE SUPPLIES ARE LIMITED. Once they’re gone, well they’re probably gone forever. This might be the only Later compilation we ever make…
You can have outdoor sex in lots of places and in lots of positions but I would suggest doing it standing up/bent over with the girl facing a tree and holding on for optimal thrust power (and so she doesn’t fall down, but far enough away so she doesn’t bang her head)
The gospel of Jesus is the most important message of all time. Talking to your friends about sports, the weather and recent celebrity gossip is a complete waste of time in comparison with talking to them about Jesus. There is nothing that a person needs to know as much as the truth about Jesus, so why are Christians so hesitant to share it?
These three men were overcomers in their times, to show the saints that they too can overcome these four things. 1 Thessalonians 5:9 states, “For God hath not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ” (KJV). Ezekiel prophesies that when a nation is so corrupt as to call down upon themselves the judgment of God, even the intercession of the holiest of men shall not avert that judgment. Noah, though a righteous man, could not, by his intercession, preserve the world from being overcome by the flood. He was able to save himself and his family. Job was a righteous man, but he could not, by his intercession (Job 1:5), save his children from being killed or stop the collapse of his household and business. Daniel was a righteous man and could not, by his intercession, prevent the captivity of his country. The lesson that we learn is this… When God has determined to punish a nation… no intercession can avail… Our nation is full of intercessors right now and that is a good thing… Bill the intercessors be able to turn away judgment? Meanwhile… we pray and intercede on. Personal holiness alone can prevent these four evils… but the holiness of man can only avail for himself when judgment has been ordained by God. “Ye shall be comforted,” God says in Ezekiel 14:22-23. Let’s take brief look at these three men…
and you just want to roam,
We do not know at whose instigation this meeting took place, or what discussions preceded it.
The day afterwards which is today, I felt even more shit-tastic = =
A would-be copper thief was gravely injured early Saturday morning when he attempted to steal copper wiring from a live Edison vault, according to authorities.
Pretty impressive resume for the “sort of Manager” of one of the biggest football clubs in the world. This game (and the Champs Final) will probably serve as a fitting end to the Chelsea career of Didier Drogba – and what a way to go out. Drogba is one of the best scorers in the history of the club but the reemergence of Fernando Torres (and his ability to play better off the ball) makes the star striker’s salary demands untenable. (Drogba has already said he will simply go where the money is best) The team has gelled at the right time by riding its old guard for one final dash into the sunset. AVB attempted to integrate youth into the squad and the friction caused ending up being the cause of his demise.
*Prawn paste chicken or “shrimp paste chicken”: popular in Hong Kong-style restaurants in Singapore and Malaysia. Incorporates puréed shrimp and ginger juice into its breading mixture.
I spend the majority of my waking time online.
Think about some things that you think about yourself and your abilities… When you were in gym class as a 2nd grader were you always picked last because you were a dainty, girly-girl? Did that first time you burned dinner (maybe second… or third time…) make you decide that you suck at cooking?
But I would like to kind of crowd-source just to make sure I've got everything...I've been blocking out Mr. Santorum most of all. As I was telling Elisa G. in the comments of the last post, this is what I closed my @daughteroffury Twitter account. If I could tweet about Gossip Girl and Gone with the Wind with Elisa and Carrie M, I'd be thrilled. But I felt myself turn into a woman with a bullhorn just screaming. Just wanting to scream. Not that there's nothing wrong with that. There isn't. There isn't at all.
Till last by Philip’s farm I flow
Nite Riders, doin' biz as the Nightriders and Night Riders.
Before I get into anything having to do with this incredible corn salsa, I want to thank everyone for your support of the Nut Milk video! What a response! I have read all of the wonderful comments and I'm planning a “reply” post that will address all of your questions, plus give you some great ideas for using that leftover nut pulp! No worries, I'm on it.
We skulked over to the main tent as the clock was closing in on 4 p.m., when the event was scheduled to open. Monkey knew (and the Living Social crowd likely did not) that the most scrumptiously delicious, large, and fresh (local, sustainable) oysters would be waiting at the back of the tent. We made a beeline for it. I scarfed down about a half dozen of the lovely oysters while he put away close to three dozen of the plump and briny delicacies. Nearby, there was a table set with Oysters Bienville, a salad of julienned brussels sprouts with maple-roasted pecans, and a selection of roasted root vegetables, all of which I sampled. All were wonderful and I couldn't help but think how lucky I was to be surrounded my so many fabulously prepared foods. The tent was filling with people as I squeezed my way past tables of food: pork shoulder, cheese ravioli, thinly sliced cured hams, and stopped at the shrimp and grits. The cook from Tallula was wonderful to watch — an artist with his presentations and adorably smiley and sweet to boot. As soon as he brought out a tray of small bowls each with shrimp lovingly arranged on a grit cake, cream sauce, then dressed it with basil oil and micro-greens, all the bowls were gone within 15 seconds. Monkey and I were squeezed next to his table and became entranced by this, so we timed it.
It packs not one but two quad-core processors, a sparkling 5-inch touchscreen OLED display, dual analogue stick controls and games that go way beyond what any other portable device is currently capable of.
I've managed to reproduce an image of three quarters of the trade label using digital reconstruction, and this is enough to show that it was for A. & G. Taylor's branch studio at 63 London Road, Derby, operated by managing partner William Middleton, who also controlled branches in Sheffield, Nottingham, Goole, Doncaster and Barnsley. Although not definitive proof that the opalotype was made there, in conjunction with the negative number of presumed Derby origin ("Derb 22468"), one could certainly make a strong case for it.
*Fishing for numbers
The more the women talked, the more vivid my mental movie became. By the time they offered us the damn lemon bars, this is what I saw:
“It’s both historic and sad, I guess,” said Henry Yap, 21, who bought two tickets to the concert as a birthday present for his girlfriend. “I’m happy to see that the boy can finally act — and sound — his age, it’s something that all guys are supposed to go through, but I’m kind of sad to see his career as a child star cut short like this. Especially in front of so many people.”
Coming at the subject from his Big Society, “we’re all in this together” perspective, Mr Cameron finds the opposite – a sectarian world in which Muslims are encouraged by extremist leaders to identify themselves in as aggressive and separate a way as possible. They are taught to aerate their grievances in order to get political power and public money. He does not deny that some grievances exist, but he rejects the idea that they cause, let alone justify, terrorism. He will point out that it is often Muslim professionals born here, and prospering in middle-class freedom, who are most radicalised. He is horrified that young men educated at some of our best universities pick up noxious ideas from some student Islamic societies. He is caustic about the double standard which defends such ideas in the name of academic freedom: this would never happen if they were the vapourings of white racists.
So apparently, I owe the boy just over a dollar. High price for entertainment.
b. None of these individuals should be related by blood or marriage .
So welcome back to On The Couch with Tony and Nicki where this week, it’s for men of course and women but for men specifically. It’s a subject that’s very dear to all women’s heart, which is the subject of Romance.
What the BNP are doing is a great, great wrong, I know not if it has been infiltrated as some say or if Mr Griffin desires great wealth as others state, I don’t and cannot know the reasoning but I can lament the decision, I can comment on direction, on betrayal and capitulation. There some within what passes for British nationalism that oppose the BNP regardless, it is as if they can do nothing right, there are others, equally as damaging who support the BNP regardless and yet lost in their ridiculous warring, covered by the smoke of stupidity a people remain lost, declining and heading for extinction, that is the truth the real truth and that is what the BNP now fail to defend, by their very acceptance of this policy. So I don’t know, perhaps it is the end, perhaps it has been the end for a very long time and I didn’t know it, certainly upon the street nationalism has no voice, amongst our community any cautioning voice has long-sine drifted away in a egalitarian wind, the people befuddled and led and no force to defend them.
Ku
Above is a picture of the Royal Crown of Piber, it doesn't show up very well in the picture. This brand tells you that the horse was born at the Piber stud farm in Austria. (This one was the only one in the troupe that had this brand).
Join a critique group! Edit, edit and edit until your story shines. You may have to cut out a few of your favorite parts. But if it does not fit, take a deep breath and slice away. Add description to your MGs and take it out of your PBs.
Comments: This is a surprisingly light IPA that seems to fit all summer season because it lacks the aggressive characteristics hop flavors that normally make this a cool weather beer. Should you be invited to a beach party this summer it would do you no harm to take a case of the spear along the matter what food is served. I feel it is one of the most refreshing IPAs I've ever tasted.
This is my Core 300 journal for this upcoming week. I figured that I should get it out of the way because this week is looking really, very busy. I’m kinda scared about it actually. But I know that God will get me through it as He always does.
hermeneutics is :
You can read or listen to the text, look at pictures/slideshows, and at the end you can even write a coded secret letter. The information is pretty extensive, and we actually had to break it up, because the kids were starting to get a little antsy after a while. But that's the beauty about it. You just stop and come back later.
Diane Arbus (2 gelatin silver, 1963, 1968)
Title: THE GOSPEL STORY BIBLE: Discovering Jesus in the Old and New Testaments
In the silence of connection, people are comforted by being in touch with a lot of people — carefully kept at bay. We can’t get enough of one another if we can use technology to keep one another at distances we can control: not too close, not too far, just right. I think of it as a Goldilocks effect.
Today, I am tackling my kid's wardrobes and culling their clothes right back to basics. I've been so very, very lucky to have received a lot of hand-me-downs for both of them over the years and I quite happily accept them. Probably when they were little and at home, I might've gone through 2 or 3 sets of clothes, espcially after meal times or toilet training mishaps. Now they are both at school, I'm finding they don't need as many clothes.
If you need some inspiration to get you going, our design team and guest DT should be able to help:
If you look closely, you can see how badly the trim needs repainting. It's awful.
Did you know that if the door kinda sticks, it doesn’t slam very well?
voice.
1:30 pm
Don't be surprised that you see joy on our faces. When one knows where their loved one has gone, and especially if that loved one suffered greatly in this world, one can experience joy at their passing.
has been doing their annual music issue for 15 years now because it seems like I bought the first installment from 1997 only yesterday. For those already familiar with this magazine, you know how great these editions are since they include the usual top-notch writing in addition to a CD that showcases the music of artists with varying degrees of Southern roots. In situations where I don't care for particular tracks, I still find myself reading the corresponding articles because they are typically enlightening even if the performances are not.
- Avacado Shake
Eclectic is a dirty word to many in the pagan community. Sometimes I feel reluctant to use it at all simply because of the connotations that it holds, but recently I started to “own it.” But, in the process of “ownership” I’ve truly held eclecticism up to the light and some things about it are starting to bother me. Avast! The pirate ship Eclectic is on the horizon and we are prepared to board- get away from the scuttlebutt and prepare to board, or scurry away like filthy rats from a sinking internet meme…
There, I said it. Admitted it. Confessed, all right? I’m one of the few people in the world who doesn’t use my phone to fire off written messages using shortened forms of words and expressions.
Ivor Raymonde, as usual, just perfect with the arrangement and conducting the orchestra.
Then instantly, the sky turns yellow-green and the wind howls like a Wilhelm Scream. The rain falls as if sprayed from fire hoses, and the wind carries is sideways. The smell of ozone and a knife-like chill hit you like a slap upside the head.
Today’s Focus: Clean Oven. It isn’t self pampering to turn on the oven only to have bad smells and smoke come out. Now let’s get those ovens clean so we cook for our selves. Even if all you want is a baked potato for an easy meal some night you don’t want to fuss with having to air the place out. So let’s take of ourselves by taking care of our spaces.
So I've been thinking about what my little challenges will be this month.
The back of the paper is smoothly bended so I must be doing it right, but...Uh oh! Those reds bled outside the lines on the Neenah paper I was using. How can I prevent that?
Morgen: They do get a hard time. I used not to read prologues but I did fairly recently and it made me wonder what I’d been missing. Do you have pieces of work that you think will never see light of day?
Kevin Olech
Well mom lied. She needed some time to herself. but guess what? Shes back
What does he do in the human world?
The move is at an early stage and might not result in any enforcement action by the SEC because of the difficulty proving lawyers went beyond their legal duty to clients, these people cautioned. In the past, SEC officials generally have gone after lawyers only when accusing them of active involvement in securities fraud or serious misconduct, such as faking documents in a probe.
I have the little blue video box appear and it says it's loading video. But I get a message at the bottom of the screen (I'm using Firefox) that constantly says it's waiting for a response from Blogger, and it doesn't seem to receive one. The last time I tried to upload video, I waited over 15 minutes. I'm not sure if it's not recognizing the video I created with my camera (I never had problems with video taken with my laptop) or if this is strictly a Blogger thing.
1-2 cinnamon sticks to the brewing process
As promised, I slept in, though that had more to do with the head cold I'm nursing than any strong political attitude. However, it seems that not everyone had that level of common sense, and most of the staff of the Stranger went to caucuses, in some cases ending up running their precincts and being selected to go to the next level for nomination. Yeah guys, very funny.
“The reach must always exceed the grasp.
"Join us as we celebrate the best in good food and great cooking, delectable chocolates and treats, and of course, fantastic produce from Queensland’s award-winning cellar doors and farm gates! Succumb to your senses as you sample hundreds of delicious foods and fine wines. Plus, meet the stars with celebrity chef
Clinton
When to pray?
(“Aboard the USS St. Paul (a cruiser) in Singapore harbour with my US Navy host.”)
Content kings
* You get a new camera and the first thing you do is take off the strap.
"I mean it, Rachel. You can't waste your life like this. You have to do something."
I couldn’t understand why he even tried to be with me. Why would he want to be with someone like me? Why didn’t he just let me go?
I'm still plugging away on my next QOV. I've made good progress, but can't count it out until the top is finished. I've got my fingers crossed that I can count it next week! The pattern is Fourth of July by Bonnie Hunter. It is my favorite type of quilt pattern: easy to piece, but gorgeous!
While I laid open my evidence,
- Polyester stuffing
I paper pieced the rose with 4 different card stock colors
What really pisses me off about Starbucks is the fact that they can’t make a GD coffee lid that does not leak steaming hot coffee all over the place. I mean, come on people, we have sent astronauts to the moon, have built supsension bridges longer than 5,000 feet and can fit a computer in the palm of our hands. Surely, there is an engineer out there somewhere that can devise a lid that you don’t have to place at exactly the right angle to prevent your latte from dripping in your lap. It’s not freaking rocket science!
That same energy can be seen in their latest effort Awesome As F**k. The album kicks off with “21st Century Breakdown,” the titular track from their platinum selling studio album, and for the first few seconds all you hear and feel is the crowd going wild. There is nothing more exhilarating than an audience picking up your intensity and getting your blood pumping. Immediately I was brought back into that environment as though I was at the concert. That’s when you know a live album is great- it brings you into the concert.
warm up
I am John Hansen, teenage crime author of several books including the flash fiction Lobotomy trilogy which currently stands on Smashwords with a five-star rating. I also own and operate a book blog, titled “The Incessant Droning of a Bored Author” where I host contests, review short stories, and discuss various aspects of writing novels. I always love to hear comments from fans about my books, blogs, or guest posts.
$ 26,760.00
In this exercise you will try to soften the effort you use to inhale, and to decrease the length of your inhalation until it is shorter than the exhalation by as much as half. When you first try this exercise, you may feel an urgent desire to breathe in more. Instead, remember that over breathing is a habit that perpetuates your asthma.
The knobs are old porcelain fixtures that we found at a garage sale in West Hollywood last week. They were old and dirty when we found them. I forgot to take a before photo of these still attached to the original brass piping. Dear Handyman had to work his magic to find new piping with the right thread and make it all come together.
What, if anything, would you do differently if you could go back and do this study again?
Instantly, Mr. Blevens' eyes watered up, and before he could catch it, a tear ran down his face. "We really..." he struggled, and his voice got all gravelly, and I felt my own tears come. "We appreciate this. And you."
Thursday night, 22nd September 2011 I get to the door of the venue, I’m on the record labels list, naturally the bouncers don’t believe a baby faced One Direction look a like and tell me to get to the back of the queue which is about an hour long, after a bit of work I made them believe me, sure enough there was my name. The “club” on first glance is more of an underground hide out with a round bar in the middle and, on the other side a dance floor with a stage and the males toilets which stink of, well yes you can imagine. The DJ is playing some classic hip hop, it’s fairly quiet and so is the music but sure enough the place begins to fill and the music gets louder. DJ Greenslade is playing the likes of The Game Let’s Ride and Mobb Deep Put Em In Their Place – need I say anymore.
03/27/2012
Now, I don't know about that, BUT I do know that showing the love of God is very important in a million ways. I know that prayer works, and I know that I want to live with a child-like faith.
You would feel like you were separated from real life in darkness, with the power of natural water and stones.
What great candy! Discovered your blog and candy while blog hopping and have become a follower not just for the candy but also so that I can see more of your creations when you post them. Thanks Julie :D
72. A good stretch
Roger Daltrey: harmonica, vocals
And he says, through every means at his disposal…
Ink: Versafine O.B.
He also mentions that revolutions throughout history are never the result of a majority movement, but of a small dedicated and highly-organized group who seize power, whether for good or bad. Next he explains how the American mass media spread lies about life in the Soviet Union.
Visit our website: www.mtairybaptistchurch.com
If ever there was a do-over day...that was it!
My toddler Jacob is presenting a rather red and raw bottom this morning. He used to get diaper rash all the time, but through a lot of internet research I eventually came across a few tricks that work fantastically (most of the time) for keeping it at bay.
I’m going to get right to the point. Is the violence acceptable or not and have we wussed out as parents or not? And is it adversely affecting our kids?
2) I will love and appreciate myself just the way I am. No need to change me.
So, taking inspiration from the lovely Miss Elsie of A Beautiful Mess, I made a list of things I want to do before I turn nineteen. Some are rather silly, others more serious, but they are all things I can fill my time doing. They are all things that will make me happy. And, because I am sick and tired of wasting my time obsessing over playing the game, I consciously excluded any goal about boys or relationships. Because, in the end, I'd rather spend my time focusing on defining who I am and who I want to be and what I want, rather than on getting a boyfriend.
That is some exceptionally hyperbolic imagery Gell drops on us. Its like he wants us to imagine Rogers hanging outside his windowless van, plying us with candy just to force us to watch hours of commercials once the door slides closed.
That is my table mate Diane Gonthier in the photo.
And the number of dirty looks we’ve received from parents for letting
Read more about this story:
Let people live and be happy....after all, the original definition of gay was just that.
TOMORROW: End of Days
I'm making a lot of dough today and tomorrow and I'll bake a few...for quality control of course...and the rest will be portioned and frozen for baking right before Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. My boys will be pleased :-) This cookie is buttery and laden with chocolates and hidden bits of toffee....ummm, pretty darn delicious! (Is it bad of me to say, now that I taste it, I like my hand-chopped candy bars more? These bits are too bitty...but still very good.)
Mom was certain to serve us Zaatar on mornings when we had exams at school. She said it helped with memory. Although she wouldn’t have known science was behind her belief, she was right!
At least one neighbor
across which - newly confident - I'd glide, a dancer born
My husband has this habit of waking up in the middle of the night, coming downstairs to watch the rest of the recorded program he fell asleep watching in the first place, and then coming back to bed around four or so.
Asja
This year’s party was at Bounce U. We’ve been to a couple of parties there in the past. It turned out really well. Zoë was afraid that since her birthday is during the summer, her friends wouldn’t be able to come. Her kindergarten teacher (bless you Mrs. Boes) collected email addresses and phone numbers for kids in her class and quite a few of her friends were able to attend. I loved the fact that I could just bring the cake and goody bags and Bounce U did the rest. Our party hosts were two adorable young guys that the kids all thought were great. I nicknamed them the “party twins”. I was a little unsure about the party twins at first. They seemed more interested in catching each other up on their social life than doing actual work. But, I was pleasantly surprised. These two took over the party like champs. They joked with the kids, passed out snacks, drinks, cake, helped with presents and handed out goody bags. They even wrote down gift items and names for thank you notes. I thought, pinch me, this is a dream! Then, while searching for the gift list later on, I found it crumpled in the bottom of one of the gift bags and was yanked down to reality. LOL! Hey, at least they kept the list!
For A Mother’s Day Pre-Celebration!
This book is so awesome! So much fun. There are some hard moments, but mostly it's very smart, very clever, and lots of fun to read.
The delicate combination between Affordability and Quality is achieved by investing considerable quantities of time and effort into the research and development of each Tocco Tenero product. This is done in order to maximise the use of material and accessories while minimizing weight during the construction phase to lower the cost of manufacturing and therefore allows for very affordable retail prices.
Mr. Obama said the Strategic Partnership Agreement he signed in Kabul would allow the U.S. to disentangle from Afghanistan, while not specifying funding or troop levels.
Next, you can go to the dollar store or any craft store and find bags of Christmas potpourri. I went through one I had and picked out red and tan walnuts and dried apples and hot glued them around the wreath.
So here is the contest...use any Sweet Stamp Shop product on any project and submit your entry to me at sue.stoughton@gmail.com with SWEET in the subject line Take several pics and submit them together. You may submit as many projects as you would like to during the entire month of May. On June 1st we will open the voting so that you and your friends and people who owe you a favor can vote for their favorite entry. On June 8th, the winner of the voting will be announced as well as a winner chosen by random drawing....how cool is that....two chances to win. Both winners will receive a $25 credit for shopping at itsalwaysfabulous.etsy.com And since this is our first contest - anyone who submits a project to the contest, will get a coupon code, valid for the entire month of June, for 10% off your entire order at itsalwaysfabulous.etsy.com - just for entering. Does it get any better than this?
But what about our soldiers who burn under heat
The Taliban has denied the killing, but the villagers know there is no doubt, as this is how the Taliban retains control of villagers, who are just trying to live and subsist; while the Taliban takes over their dwellings, takes their belongings, and kills their people.
Alot has been said about the The Band’s legendary drummer passing over to the other side so I won’t repeat it unnecessarily, although as a “music blogger” I’d be remiss if I didn’t at least tip my hat to one of the greats.
Get the hell out of our country and go back to your own if you don't like what we do nor like our sense of humor!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Question 16 – If I could have any role/job it would be…
And in closing, what crib mattresses do you recommend for newborns? Do you have a favorite? A least favorite?
corporations telescoping from one to the other, back and forth between
The ex continues to prove why he's an ex every chance he gets. Now I tell the children when he pulls one of his shenanigans. Like text me to fuck off. Like email me to threaten me about one of the children. As each day passes, I thank God I am away from him and that I have the life I have.
It's a false sense of protection.
"Karuizawa Vintage 1999 11YO #867. 61.4 per cent alcohol.
The same goes for the UMNO-BN government he leads. They all seem content to stick their heads in the sand and wait for the whole matter to blow away. Who then apart from the opposition will keep an eye out for the Malaysian people? Will MCA ask Najib about the RM84 million sloshed down the drain? Will Gerakan, or the MIC? How about Umno?
Trust is the highest form of human motivation.- Stephen Covey
Kreskin's pulled a little hypnotism on them allowed the casket and the girl to be extracted with a shot being fired. The poetical rebel that led the band of miscreants didn't go down so easy, though. He had a head full of aklo and was plugged into the dread outsider gods of the anarchists. He pulled a switchblade made of swirling darkness. Fortunately for our gang (and unfortunately for the kid) he wasn't impervious to bullets.
That's when I opened a new Facebook page that was geared toward my workplace. It has really heightened my comfort level, as I also manage a Facebook page for work which allows me to switch back and forth. Sometimes, the things I've posted on the work page, I also share on my work Facebook.
NOTE: The Police of New Jersey would be under the Department of Law and Safety which may be renamed Department of the Interior and consolidated with the N.J. Department of Corrections.
It’s the time of year when we should all take stock and work out what we really want from life. If certain things are not working they way we want them to, we need to sit back for a minute or two and reflect where it’s going wrong. Perhaps it’s time to change directions, to think outside the box. It’s time to get focused – on where we are and where we want to be. Because, after all, we are holding the key to our future in our own hands.
Before you ride…
Jarom's suggestion: go to a naturopath. I did. I got an IV of fluids and natural medicines. Tons of vitamins and herbs. After a week of feeling crummy and two IVs, I'm so much better. Not perfect yet but better. Guess that naturopath of mine knows his stuff after all. :)
I have a new student from El Salvador. His name is Josué. He does not speak, read, or write English. He does not read or write in Spanish. He has not been to school since third grade. He will not eat lunch at school. Is your heart breaking yet? Because mine definitely was when I found all of this out.
offensively stupid so he did what he came to do
Christian said the school district does not have bus aides and would not consider hiring them as a result of the fight during tight budget times.
Music critics, non-fans, and mellow James Taylorites from the seventies all claimed that a hundred apes locked in a room with musical instruments for a hundred years would ultimately sound just like BTO. Why do I like an occasional blast of Bachman –Turner Overdrive? It’s simple really, sometimes I just feel like an ape.
5. Manufactured in the UK.
Creepy John Thomas - Guitar, Vocals
2.) It will be a tremendously important event.
Today is Sweet Pea's last day of school this week. I know I already posted that, but man I can't wait to have tomorrow off.
Maria cleans every Saturday and Buddha bless her soul; she tidies up everything, including stacking random change that I end up knocking down every week.
and conceive us
ONE OTHER item that we might mention under "Nuclear Energy in Japan" has not to do with nuclear plants built in Japan, but rather nuclear plant components exported. Meredith Angwin recently made a highly popular guest post here at APR which followed another popular post on the steam generator situation at San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station in California. Meredith predicted, in that post, that derating the plants would be the most likely course of action but that the plants would both start up again. News over the last 48 hours has indicated just exactly that set of events will occur - SoCal Ed will apply to the NRC to restart the plants and operate them at a reduced power level for a testing period, after which they will be shut down and reinspected. Of course, at the center of this problem (and the relation to Japan) is the fact that the steam generators were built in Japan by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, are supposed to be improvements over the previous generators, and of course are warrantied. Not too much of a concrete manner has yet come out about who will pay a total of what, for what, but we can all bet that SoCal Ed would like to recoup much of its operating losses - and costs for the replacement work - from Mitsubishi, who apparently didn't guarantee any warranty coverage for outage (lost power generation revenue) on this job.. so far as this author can discern from reports at this time.
Instead I watched my walls unreeel vignettes
I have had it for YEARS, and ( probably because of my lack of patience with electronic devices )
Check out the inspirational layouts below the preview. All of these layouts were created by Judith.
“Does anyone have any advice on how to meet new people and feel more at home in Israel? How did you come to terms with working twice as hard, for half the pay? Any advice…?!”
Sing-
I still need lots and lots of practice, but it's a start!
SURE she talked about sewing, but to see other projects that aren't wedding related or things that I HAD to do this week was cathartic. It rejuvenated my creativity and I look forward to the days ahead when "I" can pick the project to work on! The seminar was awesome and I learned so many things that I hope to remember for future projects.
An LP on the Emotan record label from Nigeria (1982). One of a big stack of Afrobeat I bought in a junk shop in Stepney, East London where I lived for a while in the 70's and 80's. It may even come from Brick Lane flea market which was nearby and a regular haunt on a Sunday.
(he's still screaming btw, but I think this paints the picture)
On the homefront, I had a nice dinner out with Mrs Truckertucker and we cleared the air about some things that well, needed clearing. Things are coming around. Keep praying for us and for her job situation. Seems they don’t want to hire experienced teachers anymore, but rather those right out of school with no clue. Plus they cost the school system less. It’s discrimination, plain and simple.
This is the core message of Worthy of the Gospel. We want to make sure we lay down the foundation so that the next generation understands the fundamentals of their faith. As we challenge people to seek God, we constantly come back to these core elements. To understand these terms requires continual dedication to refine our thinking. It’s not enough to simply settle for a simple definition. These terms take life in every situation in our life and require constant consideration and remembrance. As we work out our salvation with fear and trembling, we will draw closer to Christ in our sanctification and deeper in our understanding of faith, hope, and love.
BUT WHO WILL PAY IN A FOR-PROFIT LIBRARY?
I've found that it's easiest to have structured poems for the kids to practice with each day. I bind these in a little book to take home. Click here to download a copy of my poetry book. Many of these poems were inspired from the Dino-mite Poetry book. Others were found online.
fused plastic
And he'd say, "Yeah, yeah. Soon. Next week maybe. Can you do some research for me? Find out what's required?"
Furthermore, I didn't want to use just boring Cool Whip or whipped cream from a can. I wanted to make a whipped cream frosting that lasted for more than a few hours before collapsing. I figured gelatin would stiffen the cream enough so that it would last for a few days, but powdered gelatin doesn't taste very good. As I looked through my pantry, I noticed marshmallows. They have gelatin, so how bad could they be in a frosting?
More to come, but I am off to the Woodlot for opening weekend with my family. Time to wash, vacuum, rearrange, plant and breathe the fresh Spring air, ahhhhhh. Trillium season in our woods and the lake will be very still. Email me for details if you are interested or visit my web site! www.luckystonestudio.com
Joined up to throw me to the desert storm:
Last month the cool girls from Hornsby Heights, allowed me to tag along with them on their special outing to the fabulous Finders Keepers Markets at CarraigeWorks
If your insurance broker were to offer you the pick between the following two insurance policies which would you choose? (a) a policy which covered you for all risks, entails a premium of €1,000 and is payable now or (b) an identical policy but instead of paying now, you can pay after disaster strikes and it will still cost you €1,000. Wouldn’t you be crazy to plump for the first policy?
26 House of Blues, Houston, TX
I’m all about approachable glamour – spaces that dazzle the eye, but still invite you to come in and put your feet up. I also love a melting pot of materials. I don’t care if it’s old or new, high or low, modern or rustic – if the pieces vibe off of each other in an interesting way, they’ll work.
Swift Springstrider – Noblegarden (holiday tokens)
Metta World Peace’s absence will take a large factor in the result of the 2012 playoffs.
Leader, Respect Party
2 cups crushed vanilla wafers
This time, it is my new lemon squeezer. Damn, it is great. I've seen them in the store for years. And I always thought it was a gimmick. Sorta like 50% of Bed, Bath and Beyond's inventory. Really, do you need a "soda can holder" for the refrigerator?
Instead, we have Najib announcing a need to review the allowances of the parliamentarians. And this is probably the worse bit of Budget 2012. It seems a joke, that at a time when the country’s coffers are dwindling and its economy stagnant, the prime minister is considering a pay rise for the parliamentarians.
Well this turned into quite a rambling post, but it covers several topics :) That has to count for something right?
The only problem is that the world doesn’t understand an act of Love such as this. And, not understanding, many reject this Gift of Eternal Life and Reconciliation with God, thinking instead that it is only through our own merits and suffering that full atonement for our sins can be realized. But the Grace of God and His Love will not be frustrated by mankind’s blindness, rather His magnificent Love desires that those who receive the Blessing of Salvation carry on the Ministry of Christ so that all Humanity has the opportunity to hear and receive the Good News of the Kingdom of His Love!
Whites in South Africa are keenly aware of the plans to kill them. They expect mass killings to begin very soon after the death of Mandela, but to tell this to the world is a waste of energy. More than three thousand white farmers have already been murdered, and Genocide Watch lists the Boer farmers in South Africa as victims of genocide -- but the media couldn't care less. Malema has praised Zimbabwe's murderous seizure of white-owned farms as "courageous and militant." White South Africans know what's coming.
For one, tomorrow our team will go out on an excursion. Perhaps due to excitement, I couldn’t sleep . I know I need to get decent sleep to enjoy the trip, but something’s bugging me.
One of the key frames of the book is a shift from the passivity of the ‘sit back’ model of what might come to be seen as the odd mid to late 20th century era of the television and towards a culture dominated by ideas of making and doing. People who watched British television at a certain point in the late 20th century may remember a show called Why Don't You Just Switch Off Your Television Set and Go Out and Do Something Less Boring Instead. So does Gauntlett.
2. He walked around barefoot all the time,
I selected a bottle of Birra Moretti from a multi pack Beers of the Galaxy box that’s been sitting around Beer Rant HQ. Birra Moretti smells a bit sour in the bottle and pours a golden yellow color, producing little head but active beading. The taste is a bit sweet and gone quickly. Nothing much to this beer, really. It’s probably a good session beer and the figure on the label of a hat-wearing fellow seems pleasant enough; he doesn’t look like someone who would instigate a military conflict with a weaker regional neighbor; just some mustachioed fellow sipping a cold beer while he waits for his pizza.
The ruling cabal will meet tomorrow, April 29, at the Lichtenstein Center for the Arts in Pittsfield. In addition to its various regular planning activities there will be a vote to amend our charter.
It looks like another big move by HSN CEO Mindy Grossman, the Terminator.
Meanwhile, heat a few tbls of butter in large pan. Add onion and carrot and cook until softened, about 7 minutes. Add garlic and cook for a further 30 seconds or so. Add the bay leaf, thyme and 4 cups of chicken stock to the pan. Bring to a boil, then cover and simmer for 20-25 minutes.
In the space of a few years, the Meatpacking District has been transformed from the part of town where dead cows were chopped up into a trendy cafe and fashion district. ‘A Hollywood version of New York,’ scoffed my Brooklyn-born local expert, ‘where everyone is thin, beautiful and has a dog-walker.’
But here's an interesting fact: I like me. I think I am pretty much awesome. And I think most people who take the time to look past my droopy 38C's enjoy having me as a friend. Yeah I wish I were thinner. I wish my thighs weren't so jiggly and I felt more comfortable in a sleeveless top. And I'm working on it. But I'm working on it for me. Not because I am worried about what anyone thinks. Despite my lack of perfections, I am happy with the person I see in the mirror. Because she is nice. She is funny and charming and compassionate and full of life.
Tests- 60, Wickets- 249, Avg- 23.68, 5W- 13, Best- 8/92
But it’s still going on. Most recently she has an issue with Jack.
Now, I am someone who insists on having one hand on tangible science while the other explores the divine. When I don’t have something solid to hold onto in the one hand, it creates some apprehensions and discomfort.
Females with Aspergers are often superb actresses. They’ve either trained themselves how to behave in hopes of fitting in with others and/or they avoid social situations.
The refereeing wasn’t horrific, although at times the judges slipped up, receiving vociferous boos from Sydney’s faithful.
1 driver
Bishop lit the fire and it burned brightly in the morning light.
Robyn's Fetish Digital Stamps And More is happy to award the winner her choice of 5 digital stamps.
It's beautiful and it's our happy place. Seriously.
09. Blues In My Heart (B. Carter-I. Mills) 2:44
- Monogram canvas with natural cowhide trim and Golden hardware, sometime will comes with silver hardware
He is seriously focused at school and never missed a homework including his Sunday assignment to go to church and pray.
Clearly this is a sham and a scam!
Can’t Mr. Anderson and Hardy get along?
“We don’t have a motive at this time. We are still asking questions and hopefully that will become clear in coming days,” said Tulsa police spokesman Jason Willingham.
07. I found a way 4:13
(Please leave separate comments for each entry. One additional entry per action unless otherwise stated.)
She kept trying to get my attention and with all I had going on it wasn't easy. She was nearly in tears before I finally gave her my full attention and asked her what she wanted to say. With teary eyes she said, "Mom I was just wondering if it would be okay if I went outside with you so I could cheer you on as you run." She seriously melted my heart.
“Magenta inside”! I have so many questions! 1) How do they know for sure? 2) What other colors could it be? 3) Are some colors poisonous?
Feeling a little more like myself thanks to the radio’s toe-tapping two steps, I pull out my large, very well seasoned, cast iron Dutch oven and start a batch of couche-couche. It takes all of about thirty minutes to get a batch just right, so about 20 minutes into it I’ll plug in my old General Electric percolator – filled with either Mello Joy dark roast (the strength depending how hung-over a state I am in). The sounds of coffee perking, and the aromas of the frying cornmeal and coffee, along with Cajun French music coming from our little radio takes me back forty years to pre-dawn summers in Grandma and Papa’s little kitchen.
The Abercrombie was always a popular haunt for university students, particularly its Friday night Purple Sneakers parties. The hotel has been leased to Jaime Wirth, one of the Gang Bang DJs, and re-opened on July 22 after five weeks of refurbishments.
Walkin' round like you're Pretty Boy Floyd
1/4 c. white sugar
Ernest, who was due to take his home schooling exams in two weeks was shot dead moments after getting into bed shortly after he, together with his father and sister had chased away three men who had tried to break into his family's smallholding.
Records — Bronxville 10-1; Rye 6-1.
Numba 4: There are four of them. That's almost all your fingers on one hand!
An unusual seven-sided design
Brooks calls people who do this “creative monopolists.” Because you’ve approached things in a new way, everyone has to come to you in order to partake in this innovation. You make yourself the only game in town. Then, you only have to compete with yourself by making your product better and setting the trends. Everyone who jumps on board later will always have to play catch-up to you.
El Barbudo couldn’t be with us tonight, so he sent us a photo of his pubic hair… or it might even be his beard. Not sure… What do you think Doc?
If the LORD had not been my help,
You see my belief is that if Conte knows who’s doping, then he knows how to bring them down – and I would rather see them brought down within the system, than via accusation. Because development of a system will not only bring down those he knows are cheating currently, but will prevent others from doing the same in the future – giving Conte the opportunity to change his legacy from the man at the head of BALCO to the man that made track and field (and others) a clean sport.
Different kinds of kelp have been eaten for nutritional value for over a thousand years. The Chinese used kelp and other types of seaweed as medicine as far back as 3,000 B.C.
Heaven on earth to me!
to see two pigs (and Joe, a perplexed dog)
(ugh, thats like what my mother does.......
The colouring didn't satisfy my craft loving kiddos, so we moved onto some contact hearts for Valentines Day.
The new Faithgirlz! Bible was developed especially for girls ages 9 to 12. Everything in it is written with a tween girl’s experience in mind, and it features the most popular Bible translation in the world, the New International Version. The features explain hard-to-understand things in the Bible and guide girls to put the Scripture to work in their own lives. The Faithgirlz! Bible focuses on sharing faith with friends and gives real ways for girls to do that.
Muchos love,
Goal for April 30 to May 31: walk every other day (total days to walk: 16)
I’m working diligently to finish up what I’m working on right now, and you can be sure that I’ll not wait to start on this. The weather hasn’t been all that great lately anyway, so just as well.
You can hear that interview if you wish at the following link provided:
The story for The Avengers is very simple, and in some other cases this could be a bad thing, but here it works to the film’s strengths. The focus is on why these amazing people are brought together and how they react. It’s not Iron Man 2.5 or a prelude to a Captain America sequel, it’s all about the mission and the team. This gave Whedon time to give each character something to do so the audience can feel the importance of them being there. No one feels out of place or forced in, and we even get some insight into aspects we didn’t know about these characters before.
God revealed to me yesterday that I am exactly where He wanted me to be on my Pure Emotion study.
2010.07.29 Pakistan Kurram 10 0 Shia terrorists pull ten Sunnis from their homes and shoot them to death, then torch the houses.
3. I Am Number Four – God damn you, Twilight. By making a shitload of money with your general awfulness, you’ve inspired imitations! I Am Number Four is about an alien, who like the vampires of Twilight, decides the place he really wants to be is high school. Genocidal aliens are out to kill him and every last member of his species (in numerical order for reasons that ARE NEVER EXPLAINED) so you’d think he’d have bigger problems. This is one of the high school stereotype movies where just because a pretty blonde girl is creative and artistic the boys at her school somehow stop noticing that she is still, in fact, a pretty blonde girl. Then there’s the generic guy in the lead, whose name I could look up right now but if he failed to leave that much of an impression why even bother? The worst thing this movie does is drag down great character actors like Kevin Durand and Timothy Olyphant with it. D.J. Caruso’s first film was an awesome little neo-noir called The Salton Sea (which you should all totally check out). This movie makes me sad to see how far he’s fallen.
Save time and nail polish. Create a new look on top of the look you already have. For example, I created a leopard-y look. :) I am NO PROFESSIONAL, but I cant help but want to have fun with nail polish.
Paul is now teaching the church about what a Godly marriage should look like and how spouses should treat one another. He begins by explaining to the wives that they should submit to there husbands and subject themselves to there husbands. Then, addresses the husbands with a great responsibility. Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ also loved the church and gave Himself for her, (Ephesians 5:25 NKJV) As a husband you are charged to love your wife as Christ loved the church. What’s crazy most of us believe that we do but miss the mark immensely.
I went to LUTS since it's my favorite site for doll stuff (and I love their wigs.. great quality.) and I noticed they had new limited edition dolls.
Thus says The Lord God, Creator of Heaven and Earth: Because of this blood, which remains on your hands, because of all the multitudes of slain you have piled up in heaps, because of the evil works of your hands in where you have agreed together, to both do and allow them, to make them law… THUS SHALL I, IN LIKE MANNER, DO UNTO YOU! IN LIKE MANNER SHALL YOU RECEIVE AT MY HAND!
So on some sick, symbolic level, I had a little something extra invested in this story, and because of this it held my interest more than it probably would have otherwise. I can't fully recommend it on its own merits, but Lovecraft completists and spooky Shakespeareans will probably find something here to enjoy.
Yet it is to be observed that he invoked Christ and the Bible to his electoral cause in 2008, and he is doing so again in 2012. And it is the name of Jesus which is dragged through the mud.
"Smile, Katie!"
The whole time I'm watching this filth, I can only think of the answer that's staring everybody right in the face. JUST KILL THEM! These degenerate addicts are a drain on society's valuable resources. They will never be right again- their liberal indoctrination runs too deep to extricate. A bullet between the eyes is the only cure for this addiction/brainwashing. No more crack houses on the block, no more meth labs waiting to explode, no more drunk drivers swerving on our highways- just quiet, safe cemeteries. Why even bother with these wastes of life? They had their chance and they willingly chose the wrong path. Why let them continue to leech off the hard work and good deeds of us good-natured Christians?
But instead I draw closer through these times
Dísa
exploring it with her tongue and running her
With whatever he blessed you: sorrow or pride!
The gift of that person’s smile.
In the Cold War, the US Army begins their systematic experiments with human beings – LSD as a weapon. And then, in the early 1960s, the “miracle drug” escaped from the lab. The psychedelic drug seemed to be tailor-made for drop-outs of the affluent society: the hippies, the protest movement – the counter-culture. The drug apostle Timothy Leary proclaimed his famous line of “Turn on, tune in, drop out!” and hundreds of thousands followed him into a true LSD euphoria. LSD as the fuel of the rebellion? As a source of free thinking that led even to the development of an independent, ground-breaking computer technology?
Now, of course my expectations were really high, hearing about that freshly made pizza dough. We went on Sunday lunch. It was the same day as the Pacquiao fight, and someone beat us to the 1-slot parking space in front of the restaurant, someone who was watching the Pacquiao fight on the restaurant across the street. Anyhow, lucky for us the restaurant next door was closed for the day, so we parked there.
FAMILY VALUES: As you might imagine, there’s a good deal of sexual content and nudity, a little bit of drinking and drug use and a whole lot of bad language.
Jesus touched him. A leper, who no one touched. Jesus touched him before He healed him, putting holy hands on leprous skin. He touched him who probably hadn’t been touched for years. Did Jesus wait till he wasn’t looking so he couldn’t recoil away?
Romantic literature boasts a fantastic menagerie of haunting and iconic creatures: Burns’ Mouse, Keats’ Nightingale, Blake’s Tyger, Poe’s Raven, and, of course, Moby Dick. But the tortoise? It provides a powerful image, but not a particularly happy one. The narrator defines their “crowning curse” as “their drudging impulse to straightforwardness in a belittered world,” and these creatures are possibly the reductio ad absurdum of such heroes of Nathaniel Hawthorne’s short fiction as Parson Hooper, Wakefield, and Goodman Brown, who are dementedly set on hopeless courses:
We were nine. This was the same year a ten year old girl in our class started hysterically crying because she started her period. We knew next to nothing about sex and sexuality except it meant doom for the females.
See how I jump from one topic to another: my last post was about zombies and now I am talking about the ring I indulged myself with. But what a ring!
"You ain't a face son; you're a nobody...just like your master!"
…..between me and hubby…
Of course my suggestion would always be choice #2, but there’s absolutely nothing wrong with choice #1 either.
i fear, you have been mistaken
We don't do that here. That is littering, Bryton or Braden or Aidan or whatever your name is. Did you not hear that you are not supposed to mess with Texas? And methinks it will not help you get lucky from hip little Austin girls that you are tweeting or twitting. (Twatting?) So pick up your damn butt and we will all have a much better time.
The main thing we did in Cozumel, which was the best thing of our vacation was swimming with the dolphins!! It was soooooo cool!! By far one of the coolest things I have done in my life. We spent just over an hour in the water with the dolphins and were in a pool with three other groups and four dolphins in the pool. The place we went to had several different pools that were all interconnected and the dolphins could swim into them as the gates were opened. We got to hug a dolphin, kiss a dolphin and ride a dolphin along with pet them several times. They are such beautiful creatures!
going to HAVE to award each of you something!
I'm scared, I'm scared that something really bad will happen someday, and I won't have him anymore, I don't EVER want to lose him. And also, I don't want to screw this up.
For those of you who have been guessing it's called thai-bO and I'm delighted to say that Otley is coming to lovebeer@borough* on Saturday July 10 and you will be able to sample at the Meet the Brewer event then!
6) Your Bank name;
As the Dong Zong rally held on Sunday underscored, it is not just Anwar Ibrahim or Pakatan Rakyat that UMNO and BN are fighting against and trying to suppress. It is the people, a new political consciousness and awareness, a total rejection of the corruption that is now exemplified by UMNO.
Okay, here are my nominations:
Context on the show: After Bart fakes love letters to his teacher as a prank, the family wonders how they’ll bring her down gently. Homer steps in with the announcement, “Sensitive love letters are my specialty!”, and pens the above.
I saw an old man holding a plate, 3 red tuna rice balls right next to slices of roast beef and mashed potatoes with gravy on it.
When bankers won’t do, creative minds come up with even more exotic malefactors. Author and lecturer David Icke, a former British soccer player and Green Party spokesman, teaches that “the world is run by a secret cabal of giant shape-shifting extraterrestrial lizards known as the Babylon Brotherhood.” This group, he says, includes both President Bushes and troubadours Kris Kristofferson and Boxcar Willie. There is apparently a good market for this viewpoint: Mr. Icke has written 18 books, and his website reportedly gets 600,000 hits per week.
Phew! Did you survive that?! Kudos to you if you made it all the way here! I know there's a ton but I just want to post them all so that I can look back on them, but I know you all understand that!
He calls Eschtology the ‘study of that Last Thing’; the Thing we are still unraveling: that ‘concrescence of becoming’. Just as Carl Sagan released his belief systems towards the end of his life, McKenna had doubts. He didn’t want to die; at one time he believed death might be overcome.
For two years, I’ve managed to convince the guys who mow the lawn to mulch the beds with leaves and to dump the rest of them in the compost bins. Trained to make every front and back yard as pristene as possible — and known around here as “Mow, Blow and Go” gangs — they’re not happy about it. But they do it. I can’t get them to chop up the leaves and leave them in the lawn, though — yet.
Hello Folks!
I’ve been waiting a long time for Ryan Ford to get his chance with one of the big shows and I’m looking forward to this fight more than any other on this card. The relentless pace and gritty performances that Ryan is known for should make this a great Bellator debut for him. Santos is a game opponent but with Ford’s finishing ability, I’m giving him the nod.
But mostly the crisis is about screwing the little guy by slashing essential public services and limiting worker’s rights in the name of austerity. The corrupt gummint and the criminal banksters use the word “crisis” to conceal the upward wealth transfer from the productive economy to the parasite class.
Call me crazy,
I was very new to Baltimore and I was going with Sean to see Washington D.C for the first time! I had read about Washington D.C, heard stories about it, regarded it with awe! Powerful, make or break decisions were made in the cavernous insides of the beautiful buildings there. Not just of USA, but sometimes the fate of other countries are decided there. Since my blogs are apolitical, we will not get into the merit of those decisions but will leave the readers to make their choice. But I digress.
First of all I want to thank all of you who asked about my sprained ankle(see last post) from a couple of wks. ago. It is much better now, I am able to put a shoe on and walk fairly normal for the most part. It still hurts now and then, but not as bad and still swells a bit later in the day, but not nearly like before.
Michaux’s stance toward the other is ironic: the Hindus “have allied themselves with the cow, but the cow does not care;” “Balinese women have more breast than expression.” He writes from the perspective of what he is – an outsider. But he is an outsider who, while critical (no noble savages here), is clearly enamoured with what he calls “the great multiform, living challenge of the Asiatic peoples to our terrible Western monotony.” A world in which one is everywhere at home, in which one is never the barbarian, is a world dead of poetry. The reader will not learn from A Barbarian in Asia the best sites to visit in Japan or the best hotels to stay at in Java, but he will learn to appreciate the virtues of being a barbarian. As Michaux writes, “a passerby, with his innocent eyes, is able sometimes to lay his finger on the center.”
Right now we (Renegade) are in the trenches of re-branding ourselves. And I would be a liar if I said it was the easiest thing we've ever done. It's surprising how difficult the work becomes when it is no longer directed towards your clients and suddenly becomes all about you. Case and point, have you ever had to write about yourself? Perhaps a bio, a blurb, about me, etc... It's more difficult than you think. As Christine puts it "Decode your DNA". Figure out who you are. Figure out what your trying to do/sell/offer. Strip everything away and focus on the one thing that makes you, you.
Coming to the 17th piece of sushi I was starting to fade and could see a few others (all female) opting out but I wasn’t about to turn down anything Hiro-san set in front of me. Especially when it was thick slice of wagyu beef (we were told the large marbled chunk kept on the table behind the bar was worth just shy of $2000), briefly kissed by the flame.
by means of cooling system;
Robert Tessier as Thor
Gorgie City Farm
The gallery was swarming with people all day - many local and all interesting. So interesting that I forgot to demonstrate and did a fair amount of chatting. This sheep hand puppet came visiting, if I remember rightly, he is a Sunday school prop and is still used now. His 'helping hand' is the wonderful artist Belinda Durrant.
Many of their families and friends either witnessed the event first hand or on BBC Television, carrying harrowing memories to this day. It was hell on earth, the age spans from the very young to the very old, some families losing 3 generations.
Next step: I decided that it was time to try to slay the holy French cow of butter in pastries. Again, I had been intimidated by the prospect of replacing the butter in the pastry with margarine. But I went for it, and the cream puff cases turned out perfectly. As a result, this has turned into one of my favorite and most flexible desserts as it can be both dairy and parev. It also looks great on a plate and everyone loves them. They do involve a little effort as there are three steps to making them: The pastry, the filing and the chocolate topping, but none of these stages is particularly difficult so I urge you to try this and celebrate my 50th post with me.
You kind of know what you’re going to get because Luc Besson is listed as a producer and he is the king of fun, badass action movies, after all this is the man who had a hand in District 13, Taken and the Transporter series, and this film doens’t disappoint.
Vampire Weekend (US)
I: It was the retrospective?
And in the loneliness of cruel neglect
If I could give you pearls
Introspection and reflection.
Upholstery Thread
“I like books like this,” he said, pointing out the mix of comics and text in Wimpy Kid, “without too many words in.”
Please do not pin my images to the Pinterest site. By doing so you are giving them permission to store and use my images and I do not consent to this.
Russ: “All of my books, not just Riddley Walker, are written for the ear, so that they will bear up under reading aloud. I sound them out in my head and go over them aloud until it works.”
From: THE STORY/SAGA OF GUNNLAUG THE WORM-TONGUE AND RAVEN THE SKALD
Allhumdollialh the incoming foreign remittances and upcoming BOD of banking sector will trigger the market positively, Oil sector will still perform the volatile role, Cement sector will get into the volume leaders next week.
But I think my parents had a choice in where they sent me to uni.
I'd by lying if I didn't admit that I was mostly disappointed with the love interest. Felicita and Dash start something that seems cute and fun, but it's not all it's cracked up to be. Things are complicated by some apparent affections for Jannik, her new vampire friend, but for the most part they stay platonic. For a story that starts out with fears of arranged marriage, I so wanted Felicita to find love and companionship in someone of her choosing, but I guess we don't always get what we want. In my opinion, this would have been a five star read if I'd just been able to find Felicita some true love. Ah well. A highly recommended fantasy read nonetheless!
We learned that play can teach. Play can teach people about gender, race and art. We found that, like art, games can tell us about the people who created them. We learned that, like all things worth studying, there is a nuance and a craft to creating a good game. We learned that everything society inflicts and informs itself with is important. That mass media is a reality unto itself. That hyperreality is hyper interesting. That if you give people the freedom to do as they please they will do just that. That the internet is “serious business” but yet Anonymous actually means business. That if you let people loose in Minecraft to play a game they are going to get stuck in holes, release monsters, burn buildings down, and hide workbenches (Minecraft is basically that island from Lord of the Flies). That people want to achieve, create, win, and kill in games (not any different from some people’s real life aspirations).
“Oh Jesus,” was about all I could say. I took one breast in each hand and squeezed so that the nipples stood out more. “Jesus, you’re beautiful,” I said, and there was nothing in the world that was possible for me to do except to crane my neck and suck the brown-pink nipples, licking, nipping, sucking in the nipple, the aureole, then hungrily opening my mouth to take in as much of the breast as I could. I wanted all of her.
soon…
It is kind of like magic when you remove all the masks. This is a fun technique. After removing the masks I doodled some lines and stamped a greeting with the Thoughts and Prayers set.
And ate the flesh of everything they found
Hmmmm. This might take me longer than I thought.
Yesterday we flew out of Chengdu into Guangzhou, our last stop before heading home. We are happy to be in a nicer hotel, and we are looking forward to seeing the other families. Here Rae will be checked out by a doctor, get her TB test, and finish her travel paperwork. We are all tired and ready to get back to America.
The Society for the Promotion of Japanese Animation (SPJA) is a non-profit organization whose mission is to popularize and educate the American public about anime and manga, as well as provide a forum to facilitate communication between professionals and fans. This organization is more popularly known by its entertainment property, Anime Expo®. For more information, please visit www.spja.org.
So let’s check out the new pics from Blue Sky Studios!
8. Sonsöz 02:28
Thank you New Job! For appreciating me and making me feel welcome. I love working for you and hope to do so for a long, long, long time.
He growled at her
Anyway, in order to avoid losing a lot of photos again, or at least increase the odds of having them returned to me, I present to you one more pic that is now locked onto my memory card:
With the clambering of chains the ghost appears near
Breathing in the life of Washington DC can, therefore, be a lesson in Tong-lin, as the pain and heartache of those trodding the well-worn streets of the city breath in and out of our awareness: the bright eyes of a homeless individual meeting the shifting gaze of a renovated row-house dweller, both neighbors, inhabiting the same physical space but totally different conceptual and ideological spaces, their shared membership in some greater DC populace a vague subtext to the immediacy of otherness, distance and social propriety.
so, with that in mind–and something that you are probably not as remotely interested in as i am–here are your 5 friday favorites!
‘We remember Colin Creevey, a friendly, cheerful boy
“Nothing much…”
Souper You Prize Pack: Lawna
8% ABV.
4 cans refrigerator crescents
Growing up in the enchanted Thèâtre Illuminata, Beatrice Shakespeare Smith learned everything about every play ever written. She knew the Players and their parts, but she didn’t know that she, too, had magic. Now, she is the Mistress of Revels, the Teller of Tales, and determined to follow her stars. She is ready for the outside world.
· Etc, etc...
Today's trip to the post office was interesting to say the least. First let me explain that I am extremely under the weather. My 101 fever and sore throat made this post office trip one that I'll never forget.
A study in the February issue of Injury Prevention seems like manna from heaven for conservatives and libertarians.
She was very compassionate, and told us that we were doing a great job advocating for our daughter. She said to not stop looking, to not stop asking questions and searching for answers. And to take breaks now and then to just enjoy life as a family.
Deuteronomy 30:19 I call heaven and earth to record this day against you, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing: therefore choose life, that both thou and thy seed may live.
I’m now 24 hours into non-bulimic life. I’m trying not to think about it, so I’ll say that I haven’t purged since my new shiny arrived yesterday and leave it at that.
Penny Head
This novel covers a woman's family in the twentieth century, from Rose's birth on January 1, 1900, through the loss of her mother when she was ten, life with her stepmother, and raising her own three strong-willed daughters. The dust jacket blurb says this is "a chronicle of a woman and a family and a century like no other."The Woman Who Gave Birth to Her Mother: Tales of Transformation in Women's Lives ~ by Kim Chernin, 1998
The anasthetic from which none come round.
My husband is a gamer. Always has been always will be. He loves Dungeons and Dragons, Gurps, and several other games that involve that type of thing. I had not had previous experience with them except to be taken as a guest to a game once or twice at which I had sat around saying "What do I do now?" and someone would reply "Roll the dice". I would roll the dice not really grasping it and they would shout out a number and something might die or not but I just didn't "get it". SO, in the spirit of making me understand why he loves games so much he took me to a convention called Origins in Columbus, Ohio.
Mr Sheridan’s appeal against conviction was rejected as unsustainable by the Appeal Court without a full hearing.
Watching the show simply reminded me that I hope someday to have that self-assurance that comes not from pride but from knowing with full assurance that I am as worthy of being loved as everyone else. I’m God-confident but not as self-confident as I know I’d be if that chip wasn’t missing.
First, we put some cut grapes in the microwave and zapped them for 45 seconds.
Everyone stared.
make me arms dead straight,
Domestic Infant
Michael Devine - William Morris, not that I like what he created, but in his philosophy of craft and belief in the handmade. Dorothy Draper and Elsie de Wolfe. I have had their books for years and am always amazed at how fresh their ideas always seem, even today.
Answer the question and contact email to be entered in the contest.
He is a barangay head in a town.
This past two weeks, I have had to organize and create handouts, PowerPoint, and the like for 3 separate events. I am the perfectionist who wants it all to be just SO... and everything was not just SO. It was crazy and out of control. By Tuesday afternoon, when Steven so lovingly walked into my office to surprise me, I was two seconds from breaking down into a puddle of tears.
An example might be: 20 miles: Warm up for 3 miles, Run at marathon (or slower) pace for 13 miles, Run fast for 4 miles.
shining o'er the world through the night.
Oh, wait a minute. There is one tiny, little, itty-bitty thing that bothers me when I go to do whatever it is God wants me to do – I don’t know the outcome. I don’t even get to know the path I am suppose to take. It’s like those computer games that only allow you to see the room you are in and no more. I don’t get to see beyond the next footstep. Yet, God has never, ever taken me down a wrong path. In fact, when I follow Him, I find myself being who I am really meant to be. I am doing and being all I am created to do and be.
and ran errands of all the places I have wanted to go in
9. Relieves Fatigue: Water is used by the body to help flush out toxins and waste products that the body doesn’t need. If your body lacks of water your heart will need to work a lot harder to pump out the oxygenated blood to all cells. Same goes for the rest of your vital organs, your organs will be exhausted and so will you.
God’s mysterious and unique plan for my life.
Chipmunks are very cute, thus in great demand as cartoon characters. Chipmunks eat raspberries and blueberries and boysenberries, thus the Friendly Neighbors and the Randoms trap the chipmunks with rat traps. Once the trap is sprung, they are no longer cute. They are dead rodents.
Me: What's in that box?
2007 will be a banner year for 101 rejections, and the current crop of rejections have enjoyed longer staying power at the PTO. This is evidenced by the larger numbers of rejections that are being appealed to the BPAI. After bottoming out in 2005, 101 rejections are reaching new heights on appeal:
I note in his final posts he pleas for valid information on the status of the glyphs pre 1980's , but never gets a reply.
That His grace is sufficient for us
We just got back from honeymoon in Mexico and it was one of the best weeks ever. It's very hard to come back to cold/snowy Minnesota.
1 flight
give up that porch of sweet spring and winter
Let me point it out very clear for everyone: I am a practicing Jew who believes in the Torah. I accept the Oral Tradition and believe that it goes back to Moshe Rabenu, A”S, as well as I believe that we should follow Halachah (we being the Jews). But I also believe in the ethical teachings of R. Hillel, Z”L, and therefore I don’t want to do to others what is hateful for me. I don’t want to force rules or laws on people, which isn’t decided by the general population (there will always be those who disagree no matter the law or decision). Therefore I don’t believe that Halachah should be forced on people who don’t believe in its higher level of spirituality, compared to secular law and our own faulty decisions. Yes, I do believe Halachah to be Divine, and I do believe that the perfect society would be following Halachah, but it would do it from an understanding of the necessity of the Halachah, not because they are forced. And – to be honest – by establishing a Halachic society with Torah as the foundation, we would need a true righteous leader, one who would be the example for the others to follow. And he simply doesn’t exist, his time hasn’t come. And since that is the case, then I can’t support any state as being lead by Halachah, but rather want to encourage each Jew to accept it in his or her life for themselves. Only by acknowledging and accepting it themselves, would it be able to fulfill its Divine purpose in our lives.
My own kids – no. They are teen boys and my fifteen year old can’t stand romance. “Mum, why do you have to spoil a perfectly good story right at the end?” is his regular complaint. They do read them in proof though and are very loyal and supportive (apart from about the kissing).
I truly believe in the power of humor and the basic human need to laugh. Without humor, life is dull and boring. Humor can turn any situation around. It can heal heartache and transform despair into hope. When life begins to feel heavy and overwhelming, laughter is the most amazing way to reduce stress. I am a happy person and so is my husband. We live a happy life together and I really feel that humor is a major contributor to our happiness.
Dare I suggest this is the local "Wooderson"? He doesn't look quite as cool as Matthew McConaughey, but I'm still gettin' that vibe.
I love how this particular set has sentiments that incorporate more than one in the sentiment...
Cravings are more complex: they are things like desire for status, or desire for wealth or happiness. They too can be rational or irrational. Going without food for two days leads to a rational need for food. It is not rational to strive for status by attempting to become Napoleon. The cravings are harder to counter, and you have to do so with thought and understanding. A part of story telling deals exactly with this arc, this character arc, from blind acting on cravings to understanding the underlying impulse emotions of the craving. The understanding can then lead to a change.
Martin P. Hoerling, a federal research meteorologist specializing in climate dynamics, has written the following expansion and defense of his criticism of some assertions made in an Op-Ed article on climate change by James E. Hansen of NASA. His initial criticism was posted on the Dot Earth blog.
On Monday I decided to make a Christmassy brooch and after a bit of pondering I settled on a poinsettia . I touch of red to contrast with my grey coat and grey cowl...........
Geekygirl loves to change her clothes. At home on the weekend she will wear five, six, even ten different outfits in a day. This leaves me confused as to which items of clothing are clean and which really need to be washed, but otherwise it doesn't really bother me. My only rule is that once she has got dressed on a weekday morning there are to be no last minute changes as we are all trying to get out of the house.
This is going to sound very unlike me, but I'm so disappointed in the garden right now. Very little joy has come this year from this garden and right now I just want it to be done. I am having very little go right in the garden this year and it's just not enjoyable. First my organic heirloom seeds that I purchased and spent a pretty penny on were a huge flop. I wrote the company about it and they seemed surprised. They said their seeds always receive rave reviews. Oh ok, well, I'm not happy. They offered around a 50% refund but I declined. I just didn't even want to deal with it. So I ended up finding organic seeds at our local farm/feed store. Could have saved myself a LOT of trouble if I would have tried there in the first place. Those seeds didn't even do all that well, but ah, whatever, right?
1975- Great
THE SECRET CIRCLE – not promising. Maybe if they cast better looking girls.
Kenneth E. Behring
Internalize the joy of others. I pray that God will help me learn to do what Jack did…. To find my own joy in the joy of others. I want to relish other people’s happiness regardless of my own circumstances, like Jack did. My beloved nephew Jack was unimaginably selfless for a 12 year old. Jack found the secret to lasting joy. Borrow it from others and keep it forever.
But we will be in the woods all night
We hold that 35 U.S.C. § 145 imposes no limitation on an applicant’s right to introduce new evidence before the district court, apart from the evidentiary limitations applicable to all civil actions contained in the Federal Rules of Evidence and Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. In doing so, we reject the Director’s proposal that only "new evidence that could not reasonably have been pro-vided to the agency in the first instance" is admissible in a § 145 action. . . .While the proceedings before the Patent Office do not limit the admissibility of new evidence in the district court, they may be considered by the district court if they cast doubt on the reliability of late-produced evidence, as with inconsistent statements or new recollections of previously forgotten events. As with any evidence introduced in a civil action, the district court as factfinder may give less weight to evidence introduced by an applicant in a § 145 action if the district court questions its credibility or reliability. Because the district court abused its discretion when it excluded Mr. Hyatt’s declaration under the wrong legal standard, we vacate the decision of the district court and remand.The majority further held that, while evidence of record is reviewed using the "substantial evidence" standard of the Administrative Procedure Act (APA), "new" evidence submitted by the applicant would be reviewed de novo.
My Very Good Friend
All things come to an end. Today I will leave Mae Sai – this northern Thai border town I have called home for the last 15 months. This border town surrounded by beautiful lush mountains and vibrant green rice fields. This border town filled with bar girls, street vendors, markets and Buddhist temples. This border town filled with residents who are Thai, Burmese, Shan, and Hill Tribe. This border town where police check-points, border patrol and immigration officials are commonplace – where hundreds of Burmese migrants traverse daily into Thailand to do work Thais would rather not do. This border town defined by a blue walking bridge that separates two countries – one ruled by military force for the last 60 years. One rumored to have never been occupied. One that produces a large quantity of the world’s opium. One that is home to a King revered like a deity. One that has clean roads, hospitals and schools. And one that remains on the Top 10 List of most impoverished countries in the world ranking number 3 in national corruption according to the Corruption Perceptions Index.
Soon, very soon I will be finished with my edits from this manuscript and will be searching for a publisher that will put my baby in print. It will happen, and I don’t have to tell everyone the play by play details of how often I write, or how many words per day I write. If you’re curious it varies. In one weekend I wrote 15,ooo words. Whereas, on a tricky spot that I had to work out a place where I’d backed myself into a corner – It took me a week to write a quality 700 words.
Israel for Jews or you’re an anti-semite!
Ingredients for filling:
It reminds of what Fr. Paul Murray said in my Spiritual Theology class last semester. Jesus did not start his ministry by giving lectures. They needed something else. He started with love and mercy. Obviously he challenged them to recognize their sins but he did it through his love. It's the same way with men and women grieving over past abortion. You need to be sensitive to their hurt and help them to realize God can and does forgive them. But it does not help them to mitigate the truth and say it was not a sin. They need the truth but through a ministry of love.
Yes, relays will be offered soon too, in the hope that participants will end up being full-fledged triathletes.
Basically we find out that she was kept human becuase for some reason this alien Zombie found her much more useful than anyone on the bridge or any other main character and needs her unique talents (which we still haven't figured out yet and in my dream I kept questioning why they saved the interior designer). She screams her defiance at the alien over the computer, makes a mad dash to the bridge, which is only a short ways away, and then proceeds to dodge zombies.
"I just wish he'd find himself a girlfriend," mother complains.
If you would like to do something really, really innovative try this: Preach the Gospel. Tell people what it means to ‘take up your cross and follow Jesus.’ Want to do something risky? Tell your congregation to abstain from sexual relations for seven days as a sign of repentance in preparation to meet the Lord in worship (See Exodus). Tell them to abstain for seven days so that they might pray and fast. (See 1 Corinthians 7:5) Want to get really, really crazy? Stand up on Sunday morning, or whatever day you preach, and open your Bible and tell the people that marriage is more about perfecting holiness and grace than it is about perfecting sex or tell them that even marriage is more of a sign pointing in the direction of the Messiah and his relationship to the Church. (See Ephesians 5)
One of Express Scripts' clients is Tricare, which is the health and prescription drug program for America's military service men and women. During negotiations, Walgreens offered Express Scripts an ironclad guarantee that their prices would match or beat the average costs per adjusted prescription of all other pharmacies in the Tricare network. They did this in effort to prevent our county's military personnel from being caught in the middle. Express Scripts continues to refuse to negotiate a separate contract for the benefit of the Tricare program and its beneficiaries.
Gregory: if Romney a tea partier?
These tips worked for me, and I hope will spark some new ideas and motivation for you! I look forward to hearing any of your sneaky nutrition tips and favorite snacks! Please, bring it to the table and share away!
Anyway, now that this other life is growing inside of me and I have Leila at my side to witness it all, I'm so curious as to what all of this means to her. She points to my belly and asks, "That's your baby?" I say, "Yes, that's your sister." And just when I think she's getting it all, she pulls up her shirt, points to her belly and says, "This is my sister."
Don’t be afraid to fail.
And then, glorious news via Facebook: a Garbage reunion. I actually sang a Hallelujah chorus.
at 6
Saameira: Oh all right.
Is it any surprise that Islamic radicals flock to our once proud country, when this is the message that our government have been sending out? When flying the flag of St George is considered an antiquated or even shameful activity, is it no wonder that groups such as Islam4UK or Muslims Against the Crusades have a genuine conviction that Sharia law is just around the corner, and that soon Buckingham Palace will be converted into a Mosque?
Some of you were also quite critical of the image that accompanied my unfortunate piece. I thought it was obviously the work of Photoshop, especially since the smoke, which I had some trouble with, was clearly not very realistic, but many of you seem to have been fooled. A number of people also saw something quite lewd in the photograph that I certainly did not intend and am embarrassed even to think about. All that I can say to those who could see something so obscene in something so innocent is that you should get your minds out of the gutter and perhaps get out a little more. I was also surprised that no one questioned a photo that so clearly defied the laws of physics. While evolution and global warming are clearly hoaxes, no one has disproved the laws of physics as far as I know. Although gravity is still only a theory, it is not one that has been refuted yet. And to all the animal rights activists who wrote me, using epithets that would not even be appropriate for a barnyard, I reiterate that no pets were harmed while making this image. As far as I know Photoshop is not harmful to animals, except perhaps to those animals capable of feeling embarrassment. To those species I once again apologize.
None of this should be taken to imply that there never was any debt at all. Rather, it means that when this debt mysteriously refuses to go away no matter how many immigrants are allowed in, and no matter how much Britain is demographically transformed, then it has become a fake debt, an instrument used to cudgel the ex-imperial master around the head and induce him to allow the ex-imperial subjects to escape the squalor, corruption, poverty, and violence that, they now realize, tend to ensue when they are left to their own devices.
Use you customer contact database in your favour to make customers feel special. ”People have a basic human need to be acknowledged and recognized,” says Kevin Stirtz. Instead of simply using SMS to send out marketing texts engage with customers on a personal level by sending them texts to thank them for being a loyal customer, to say Happy Birthday or if they haven’t used your product/service in a while send them a text to prompt them to come and visit you. Using texting in this way will strengthen your customer relationships and stop them from going to your competitors as they’ll feel loyalty to using you and only you.
Since February to be exact....
Add a few more fancy jargons to that answer and you would be in demand during the orientation week. People would specially come up to you to take your case. The orientation week was characterized by sleep deprived young adults who had entered the gates of the IMT resort with big dreams and the zeal to do something great in life. For me, it was about getting back to enjoying college life after slogging for a year on various highways across the country as a civil engineer. Well, IMT did not fail me.
DJ: can we do it in 25 minutes?
Sonaisali Island Resort is pleased to announce that they have undertaken a full refurbishment to their 3 two bedroom Family Bures.
Okay, so here's the story:
Where am I leading with all of this? Barefoot running can be a means to an end to improve your running form. It can also make you more aware of your body in relation to its surroundings. But, in the long run (pun intended), you will probably still need to have your feet shod, at some time or in some capacity. This is especially true for snowy/icy weather conditions, and rocks and "sharps" protection on the trails and roads. And, if you want to go faster in a race, you should probably be shod. Find out what's right for you, whether it's a pair of super-light 3.8 oz Universe, or a pair tire tread huaraches. And if you're not having issues while still wearing your "normal" running shoes, then don't fix what ain't broke.
The Momokawa Silver ($12) is noted as a "Dry Crisp Sake" and has dry, clean flavors with tastes of melon and green apple. It is simple and pleasant, a nice introductory sake. The Momokawa Diamond ($12) is noted as a "Medium Dry Sake" and has a very nice aroma of floral notes and tropical fruit. On the palate, it offers some tropical fruit and citrus flavors, and seems a softer, though still dry, sake than the Silver. The Momokawa Organic Junmai Ginjo ($13), noted as "Medium Rich," possesses even more tropical fruit flavors as well as underlying spice notes. It is crisp and dry, and very satisfying on the palate. The Momokawa Ruby ($12), noted as "Lightly Sweet," does seem to have a light sweetness to the taste, with more red fruit flavors as well as touches of melon and pear. It is rounder and more rich in the mouth. I have previously reviewed their G Joy sake so there is no need to repeat that here.
Further reading from the source articles :
However, he did not spare the police from blame, condemning their brutality especially against newsmen.
Thanks everyone! I'll be back as soon as possible, but I need to concentrate on my family.
Elsewhere, Nicklas Bendtner does not feel that he wants to prolong his stay in the North East nor is he overly keen on staying at Arsenal. Potentially a good centre forward, the Dane is proving outstanding at burning his bridges. Carlos Vela is more circumspect about his future, preferring to stay in Spain with Real Betis interested, as well as current club Real Sociedad, but if he has to come back to England, he will. Very reluctantly, it has to be said. Meanwhile Jan Vertonghen‘s flabber has been well and truly gasted by the lack of reciprocal Arsenal love and realises that he might not be leaving for anywhere soon at all. So much so that he is backtracking faster than most of us can move forwards. Perhaps he ought to phone young Bendtner and offer a tip or two?
619. Bistro Duck w/ Miso Soup & Spring Roll from Asia Café (Kimberton, PA) 1:36 p.m.
By hook, I don’t mean picking a random hot topic and following relevant accounts. Trends, by definition, will fade no matter how long you try to perpetuate them.
Peter Pan – the boy that never grew up.
~went back to work
Today is your day!
Well I have started maternoty leave now! So this has inspired me to have a big week of cooking next week, and I am looking for inspiration from you folk and online generally.
Wouldn't have it any other way...
I just finished teaching a series of training classes in eastern Canada and was thoroughly impressed by the eagerness that greeted me. The training sessions were scheduled each day, four days straight and two sessions per day. Now when a company books the same class with two sessions per day, many times it means that they have some contractors who want daytime sessions and some that want evening sessions, or they want to send half of their crew to each. The end result is often two sessions that are not well attended. To compound this, the first three sessions were all within a 40 minute drive of each other meaning attendance can be even lower because there are many other options nearby.
With each post that I have published in this series, I have spent a substantial amount of time hunting out appropriate images to use. Once I arrived at the point where I was recording the events depicted in my own photos, it made sense to scan the images and include them here.
India Arie
You know there is never enough time. Not in America, at least, where we have ridiculous ideas about what is normal.
Much has already been said about the 1976 Soweto riots. Although it is not my intention to repeat what has already been documented, I do feel it is necessary to rectify some of the falsehoods and deliberate exclusions in the theatrical-type versions of the narrative that the ANC Government has propagated to the entire world.
The fantasies of Funko-chan, aka Belgium made FNC were particularly entertaining, with numerous mentions of her thong underwear, apparently because she only has a skeleton stock. The amount that can fantasizes about seems endless, with lines like ‘I’d fire so fast with those big strong hands gripping me’ giving all a clear idea as to what this show is about. There are a few jokes at the beginning about various country stereotypes, and of course a few more at the end, but while they are quite funny, they don’t hold a candle to everything else.
This is a time frame where you also may be dealing with choices and decisions that have to do with next steps. When you bid for power and make a true commitment you give spirit the green light to begin manifesting. This will often bring the challenge of tests (are you sure?) or great success that you have to be ready for. In the process there are often choices and decisions to be made that relate to the next steps. Be ready. The energy is gearing up.
Actually me not being a parent is what makes teenagers feel comfortable opening up to me about what they really need from their parents. It allows me to be a translator for what parents need, what teens need and then bringing the two together so they can be on the same side.
I'm thankful for my electric blanket! We had such unusually warm temperatures up until this week but it turned oh so cold over night. I can turn on that blanket before I get in bed and it's all toasty warm when I'm ready to lay down. Really, it's one of the best ever modern conveniences!
that pretty much covers it.
Using a set of dies and stamps from a collection by (you guessed it!) PTI, I came up with these little cards for every age from 1 through to 10.
Because that is how God works my friends- through us.
A chef hat on his head and a knife in his hand.
These young kids just don't understand the old Christmas classics.
“The government still looks fairly positive on the growth front. We were perhaps expecting a bit more caution given what is happening in the global front.
The Ming dynasty was when the power was most concentrated to the emperor in Chinese history. The first Ming emperor set an example to put strict limitations to military powers (which could be explained by his low social status before he became the emperor). He also abolished the post of Zai Xiang (head of bureaucracy), resulting in chaos in the Chinese bureaucracy and increased burden on the emperor.
Listening, whispers, " 'Tis the fairy
Finally, an Irish blessing or two...
Continue passing the pasta through the machine, closing down the opening of the rollers a few notches with each pass (and dusting them very lightly with flour or semolina if the dough is sticking) until you’ve reached the desired thickness. Then, if you wish to make fettuccine or spaghetti, use the pasta cutter attachment to cut the sheets into the desired thickness, or cut the pasta by hand on the counter top with a chef’s knife to whatever size strands or shapes you want.
So the laws are not just.
Now in public situations, I really do think I give off some aura of invisibility - I'm quiet and mind my own business, and that suits me fine. But this young thing, much to my surprise, struck up a conversation, and we chatted easily for most of a three-hour flight. We talked about everything. She told me about her boyfriend, and asked about my wife and gushed over pictures of my baby. There was even a subtle whiff of flirtatiousness - no, she wasn't throwing herself at me - but it felt very nice indeed to get some interested attention from a young hottie.
and red hot tamales.
March is here and to be honest it isn’t as good as last year. This time last year I was fretting because it was so hot and I wasn’t sure what to do with such a small baby in the incredible heat; this year I am far more preoccupied what to do with a toddler in such incredible drizzle.
We decided to do every table a little different and I am so please with how they turned out. I didn't really stick to the plan so they are quite different than my inspiration images, but still beautiful and wintery.
I hung around Victoria waiting for my friend C to get off work. I squatted down by the side of the station rolling a cigarette, and he arrived, dressed smartly, with an umbrella and gold-tipped cigarettes. The thing about C is, we were at uni together but never really hung out very much at all. In fact we probably only every really saw each other 2 or 3 times, and yet we've kept up contact which has always been very easy. He made me a present of a packet of cocktail cigarettes - incredible things, a work of art, to be honest: they come in pastel shades, purple, green, pink, yellow, all mixed up together, in a sumptuous box. I almost felt bad smoking them, like writing on a book, or kicking a little white Persian kitten. We took a bottle of wine to outside the Queen's house, and sat there for awhile, catching up, drinking, checking out the various feats of nature (squirrels, ducks, etc), and then off I went to Oakwood, to meet my friend B. C accompanied me, and so we were on the tube, gawking (at least I was, provincial peasant that I am) at a huge man sat opposite us, his multiple stomachs spread across the seat, his bloated tongue lolling out the side of his mouth, a web of drool vibrating in time to his snores. Ah, London. You get some crazy folk round those parts.
“Was that the end of the list?” she asked, wiping her lips with her right hand.
And to top it all off I've been having some anxiety issues whose causes I haven't been able to pinpoint. It may be related to Wonder Boy's medical problem, which showed up over the Christmas holiday and caused us all much stress and confusion, and it may be related to the job opening that I've pretty much talked myself out of applying for, and it may be related to the fact that I'm 41 and one foot closer to the grave, and it may be related to that old favorite, money worries. Things came to a head yesterday, and oddly, today, I feel a lot calmer about it all and more able to deal.
Oops! Forgot the milk carton is on the new Greeting Cards Inside and Out for the Imagine!
since im not a math person i have to ask how old where you when Austin was born?
Together Again is about that kind of connection. Between the covers of this sunny children’s book lies a lightbulb-link between a mother and a daughter that truly was meant to be. It was arranged from another time, another place, and by another power. Author Laurie Stephens brings forth a story from her heart about adoption. No, “Adoption” isn’t even the right word. This is about the rejoining of souls. This is food for your soul, and it’s based on her true story.
This morning while I had my hour and a half of steady thinking due to traffic, I started to ponder all of the things I want to do. Then, I remembered what Salinger says in The Catcher in The Rye: “Goddamn money, it always ends up making you blue as hell,” and I realized no truer statement could be written any simpler than that. All of my aspirations…to be a writer, to record an album, to buy a cup of coffee; it all requires money. It’s one of those things that you really can’t think too much about or it really does make you “blue as hell.”
"Hello Mr. Whitcombe, we're having lots of fun, Ellie ran through the snow with her nose and got so much snow on her head she had a white snow beard and white snow hair. I'm going to build a snowman, do you want to help?"
Crinkle Ribbon
Worth every penny just to see him race around the yard pushing it with his nose, then gnashing his fangs against it until it finally gave up with a sigh. GNARF GNARF GNARF GNARF ppppfffffffftttttt
Ms. Szymborska passed away today at the age of 88, at her home in Krakau, Poland. Awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1996, she was referred to as "the Mozart of poetry" by the Nobel committee. Last year, she was awarded Poland's highest distinction, The Order of the White Eagle. I like that. That sounds like a fine honor to have bestowed upon a person.
You’d think with all this stuff going on and happening within this body part of ours, we’d have it all figured out by now. But I’m sure there are questions you’ve wanted answers to that you haven’t had the nerve to ask your own doctor, or you’ve discussed with girlfriends over cocktails late-night and laughed and wondered about, but never really got an answer to.
Unfortunately you don’t really have the time to wait for dresses to be shipped to you because normally I would say the best way to grab a bargain would be to hit the net and let your fingers do the walking. There are a few Australian retailers that may be able to ship something to you in time so check out online stores for your favourite dress shops and see if they have an e-store offering discounts (sometimes these are better than the in store prices) and if you can get things delivered in time. Myer and David Jones are other options but their prices are a little high.
5.) God will never give you more than you can handle. I have always known this to be true but I keep reminding myself that while I am still slightly overwhelmed, I am also so incredibly grateful for these amazing blessings. So many women out there who desire to have babies and can't. For whatever reason God has blessed us with our two girls & now these new babies and I don't ever, ever want to take that for granted.
Cold as we walked back to the Beje, cold as I washed for supper, cold even in the snug gas-lit dining room. Between me and each familiar face around the table crept those small icy fingers. For all Tanta Jan's talk about it, death had been only a word. Now I knew that it could really happen-- if to the baby, then to Mama, to Father, to Betsie!
Well, that was interesting! I just got done hosting the head of the ATC Canada here in my livingroom. I'm exhausted, overwhelmed and need a nap. Groceries are going to have to wait. It was wonderful to meet Arch Priestess Michelle, her husband and Arch Priest Eric, and the Maiden from up in Courtney-Comox, Dawn. Things are going to be moving quickly and steadily the next few months I think, and there will be more than enough to keep me busy while I'm off with Raisin.
I started my journey at metro la Muette, and wanted to begin with my feet. Generally, this is my biggest point of style weakness, so it seemed time to populate my closet with more than just tennis shoes and worn out black flats.
vanish the way of the two you lost already
All butter biscuit with royal icing and various childish sprinkles found in my cooking drawer! I'll post the recipe on here sometime soon, along with all the others I promise! Not that you'll need too much info on these - they were very easy.
The artist featured on this single is cora legend Soundioulou Sissoko. He is best known performing with his wife Mahawa Kouyaté, as you may recall from my post a few months ago. I wrote there that a presenter at the Guinean radio had claimed that this duo was the source of many classics from the golden era of Guinean and Malian music.
I sort of exclaimed to Suzanne that I had just seen a Coyote, and then I immediately asked: "What was I saying, just now?"
no one means more to me then my babies.
NAMA had been opposing Moritz’s application for the stay today, so the three month extension marks a defeat of sorts, and caps off what hasn’t been the best week for the Agency.
"I do, but they're not all gods."
and still the dogs run forward and backwards
Six months ago, we moved our stuff from a home to new place, just 2 blocks away. It wasn’t a big deal since there wasn’t much stuff. We did rent a small van, not a truck, to move a bed, large computer table and 4 large boxes of belongings. But the rest, was walked and also biked over by several small trips.
At times I hardly recognize those people 15 years ago, but love them and their hopes and dreams.
This is the question posed by Robert McCrum in an article entitled, Stop the bean-counters ruling the fiction roost on the Guardian.co.uk this morning. He recounts a personal tale of a new author's attempts to place a novel with several large publishers. McCrum's conclusions are that the all-powerful pen of the editor at large publishing houses is no more, and the real literary gatekeepers are now the sales and marketing departments, guided by the mighty pound and dollar.
Located in The Great Estates in Greenwich, Connecticut, the main residence is 22,000 square feet, the property 40 acres, and the estate designed by Architect William Tubby.
and think I'm not the only one.
just playing here and playing in my favorite color combo of pink, white and black. some pale pink cardstock, some black and white paper (dcwv); some black cardstock (stampin up) on which i punched a scalloped dot edge (martha stewart) and a scalloped oval circle (stampin up) and then added a ribbon (from my stash) and the sentiment (stampin up). there ya go... pretty AND easy!
And we then must not forget to pray for ourselves and for wisdom in how we can be a blessing to our husbands. "God, how can I bless my husband today? What things can I do to make his life more joyful and easier? How can I help to relieve the daily stress he faces out in the world? God, what do I need to change about myself to be the wife that you designed me to be? Lord, what characteristics and personality traits of mine can lead to my husband becoming exasperated? Father, I want to serve my husband and build my husband up, show me specifically some ways that I can do that."
President Viktor Yanukovich said the bomb blasts were “a challenge … to the whole country.”
With 358 colors to choose from, choosing which colors to buy can be hard. For blending, you should have 3 different shades of the same color. The natural blending families start with the same letters and first number.
“When I was in Singapore in the 1950s, I lived in places like Lorong Lalat before moving to Rangoon road. Both these areas and the surrounding ones like Johor Road and Deskar Road were red light districts.
As for the proposed recommendation that public schools should be mandated to teach ‘Tolerance’, this is an idea that properly belongs to states like the Soviet Union. Not only would such mandatory teaching of children be exploited for manipulative purposes, it would also lead to the actual problems being glossed over instead of confronted honestly and genuinely resolved. ICLA does not consider this workable in any way.
There's a pig farm not too far from the post office, and, since it's a warm day, we could smell it... so we stop at the little shop that sells fresh ham products. Tonkatsu sandwiches for lunch. We sit outside, and I feed my bread to a pair of sparrows who are flying in and out of a nook in the triangular roof of the building next door. There's a narrow stream--part of Maioka River, in fact, that goes right in front of the school and by our house--and we follow it toward Maioka Park.
In the peppermint marble loaf, white chocolate and peppermint extract are added to half of the batter and bittersweet chocolate to the other half. I'd purchased Trader Joe's white chocolate on a whim a few weeks ago and decided to use it here. I happen to love white chocolate, and this bar with its high cocoa butter content (45%) was delicious which made it nearly impossible not to snack on as I chopped it up for melting. The recipe called for 4 oz of chocolate but my 3.5 oz bar worked fine.
I would very much like to be surprised and proven wrong though
We could do that here. Throw shit out. Renovate a bathroom.
Yogurt Parfait my style.....
Preserving Lemons in the Freezer
Today, I’ll take the blame for it all, because some rules are meant to be broken. Today, I graduate!
I set aside some time this weekend for creativity since I have been a little off my game.
The first part, mentioning the names, is the Isnad, the chain, leading the message of the Hadith, the Matn, back to Muhammad, and what he said is the Matn, the message.
It all seems to come down to one thing, trying to live in the moment (which it seems to be is the key to letting go).
That was a huge hole! Again I grew frustrated. But then I realized, all I had to do was study Bill’s art. His drawings serve as a visual journal of his life on the farm and on the streets of Montgomery.
When I told her she could eat as much salad as she liked, she got so excited. Her eyes shone.
“Well, after my talk with Renate I realized that I wasn’t the first woman in Tigerli’s life. I now saw Tigerli in quite a different light!”
So, I’m just sitting here awkwardly thinking what to write to make it look like there’s a lot here, and fill up my category/tag clouds, and I realize that today is April 4th. As in, I’m almost out of 9th grade. Um, wow. Realization feels weird…
Happy New Year to everyone. It seems a little while since I last posted a blog, but the usual festive frolics are always more time and energy consuming than we expect.
Sean Sutherland, Associate Account Executive/Team Coco supporter
The big night.
Please note the times printed on all three of these photographs. The first photograph was taken at 4:37 and 28 seconds. The officer was standing not far from the vehicle, saw that it had stopped, and snapped a quick photograph. This officer was actually being kind and did not issue the ticket right away. Instead, he returned to his vehicle across the street and waited. The second photograph was taken at 4:51 and 19 seconds, fourteen (14) minutes later, and clearly shows the woman returning to her vehicle (ostensibly from the adjacent bank). The third photograph was taken at 4:51 and 53 seconds and shows the woman now in her vehicle, prepared to drive away.
For one when it comes to gal, i feel so so far BEHIND, i know have the potential to be a great gal, but finances, and my mother always doubtimg me, makes me feel so inadequate in everything.
Tortilla Chips:
Mayall: One of the things I’m really proud of is that fight in the kitchen. T’was fantastique. It was done with such care and such precision. Three days, a total fight and a big one as well. Ade was directing and he was very careful and everything was great, never touched each other, didn’t even hurt once. Then he goes ‘okay we’ve got it, fantastic that’s a wrap’. I said ‘fantastic, turned around and walked into the camera and knocked myself out. It’s true! (laughs)
4 lay
This is the most mundane and amazing thing I have ever done. and even with all the pain and frustration, I'd do it again in a heartbeat.
I can't wait to share with you this week how well it works. I think the eat to burn ratio is really going to encourage me to stay on track throughout the day. It will make me want to move more and burn more calories.
Kurt Cobain had had so very much. He'd actually managed to profit from his own pain, and made his own wildest dreams come true. He did all that, and he still felt like he needed to just die! Like I did! It occured to me that if a freakin' rock star felt that hopeless, I'd almost certainly need more than a degree and some more paper in my wallet to get right.
Sarah!
Chinese light soya sauce, 2 table spoons
These beautiful antique monograms caught my eye, and I thought they'd make a really nice addition to a bouquet or a bridal hanky. If you were feeling crafty, that is...
To commemorate the tunnel’s 70th anniversary, MTA Bridges and Tunnels will have a collection of historic photographs from the construction of the tunnel on display in the lobby of its Lower Manhattan offices at 2 Broadway through the end of the month.
Whether looking to enjoy herself; meets new people and visitors that are suggested to you to visit Hawaii, or maybe you have choices for rentals in Fish Hoek beach and False Bay where you will not be aware but Disney rentals available, this size is standard for small- to medium-sized families, as is a separate cottage to ensure you stay in someone else's. Home exchange makes travel anywhere affordable.
7 Gut Runs Great Stone 4:03
100 gm Pork fat back, cubed
Here are some quotes that I think exemplify the role of a mother:
“Excuse me?” I said through fish face, his hands still tightly pressed on my cheeks. I looked at him confused and awkward at the same time but it was then when he uttered out the words that forever shook my world, “You’re in love, big brother. Madly. Deeply. And crazy in love.”
Also, our obsession as of late, buying a house. We really would love to buy right now (and just know we could get a better deal in our area, in this market). We've been looking, obsessing and crunching numbers (and of course, I 've fallen in love with/imagined new furniture in/raising families in/ no less than several homes!) but realistically, we are going to wait until the winter/early spring to see what happens then. Things are so crazy now and WE are the only ones putting pressure on ourselves to buy, so. That's that. (and I obsessively check Zillow.com to see what's sold in our neighborhood) Hee.
Gate and love and time
Now trying to determine the Perfect Shoes is the next great challenge. Opinion seems to be going with a deep red for accessories. A friend loaned me a great bracelet and I think I have a necklace and earrings that would work well with it. I'm thinking these shoes might be a good choice.
In this post, I will go in depth of what this looks like. It means to view things through the looking glass of eternity. It was to gain a perspective of how things measure up according to an eternal view. I can’t stress enough, how important and timely this first truth was for me. Through the fire, when I thought I couldn’t go on anymore, God guided me through it and at the end, only when I had completed the trial, did He award His saint with this important truth of having an eternal perspective. Once I gained this, my world changed completely. My attitude, my service, my time in prayer and the word…it all changed for the better, and even persisted to some large degree throughout the rest of my time. I started getting this thought that God orchestrates all things for His will, because He is sovereign. And so whenever something went wrong (When viewed in my flesh), I had to go to prayer and ask God what the purpose of it was. I had to seek the eternal value in it. If it was something petty, that ultimately didn’t effect my salvation or the salvation of others or wasn’t a sin issue, then I could view it as rubbish and toss it out. I would, so to speak, lay these things on a scale and see how they weighed up to things eternally. If they didn’t weigh up, it was rubbish. Looking at the world through this view has changed how I choose to respond to things and how I choose to allow them to affect me. Most things, don’t weigh up and so I respond to them as such. Now, with that being said, I don’t just ignore things. As they’re presented, I take it to God and I ask Him to show me the truth or the error in them and take them in stride. It’s a freeing thing, this kingdom perspective.
As Maria stood up close to the windows taking in the marvelous scene framed in her living room, something else caught her attention. She noticed the waves were very strong. They were not large and foamy like the waves of a terrible storm but carried the power of them. They collided with the shore with a great force, sounding throughout the still night air. All together the sight was amazing and framed by her windows it seemed as if it were a living painting hanging across her wall. Marie was just finishing her treat when what she saw next shocked her so much as to draw all attention away from everything else. Her cookie dropped to the floor as she continued to watch in disbelief what was happening before her.
O.K. we ALL have not been there but when you have to evict a tenant it is the most stressful thing one can go through. The process is so draining that you at times wonder why you are a landlord to begin with.
In a recent conversation with my parents, my father said, "You guys sure don't do anything the easy way." I'm proud to say we don't even try; it just comes naturally.
As I’ve already stated, the demarcation of the inland border dividing east and west, is going to be a challenging one, because this is the area that will border a potential diverse multi-African society, a society which will surely become increasingly more ungovernable by the day, as it does not seem as if the current behavioural-patterns of the ANC regime is ever going to change for the better, and neither does it look as if the influx of legal and illegal Black African immigrants from countries in the north will ever be placed in check.
And no one will get away with it either. There is a punishment for sins. "For the wages of sin is death" Romans 6:23. Death meaning Hell meaning eternal seperation from GOD. Once in Hell there are no more second chances. Its eternal punishment and its real. http://www.google.com/imgres?hl=en&gbv=2&biw=1022&bih=571&tbm=isch&tbnid=t-ZKICtyuzFshM:&imgrefurl=http://reconcenter.com/index.php/reconcenter/ygn/&docid=bXma0wM-F77iKM&imgurl=http://reconcenter.com/wp-content/uploads/hell2.jpg&w=819&h=614&ei=jgB-T-DOHsHYiALmh53nDQ&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=623&vpy=242&dur=12750&hovh=194&hovw=259&tx=125&ty=217&sig=116399563033025264842&page=1&tbnh=108&tbnw=144&start=0&ndsp=18&ved=1t:429,r:16,s:0,i:102
This year the Murrells & the Lewises joined us!
And while I stood upon that lawn,
My college age daughter is attending the Wall Street Protest in New Orleans. Her eyes are open to what is happening to our Democracy, along with the other young people in her college group. Since I can’t go to the New Orleans Protest and I feel I should do my part– I will do what I like to do best—Write.
Margi
One think I need to note though. It is not easy to fry an excellent omelette, it takes skill. I still need to play with it some more as I don't have the feel yet. Since I love the gelatinous texture, I might want to add more, but more doesn't means good as the outcome with eggs won't come out great. It needs to have a balance and I haven't gotten it yet. I got the starch mixture right but I haven't gotten the technique right yet, I still need lots of practices. If you know how to fry a killer Malaysian style oyster omelet, please share your technique with me. Thank you in advance!
ROE’s differences from ROI are aptly summed up by Amy Sample Ward:
Probiotic yogurt
Today, which will be tomorrow (!) I will be getting round to reading all your blogs! ( I always post after midnight, therefore Friday, but it always says thursday! Yes, after midnight, after 1pm sometimes, and then I wonder why I am always tired!)
Just yesterday,Issa told Laura Ingraham that Holder is so ‘inept he is dangerous’.
Why I Like This Book: It's different from the usual 100th day books, in that most of the focus is on Jessica's worries. I think a lot of little kids can really relate to Jessica and the stressful things in her young life. Also, it has the loveliest ending when her whole family comes together and helps her with her collection .... of love!
Marie-Angelique also performs and records improvised music under the name Sonic Pleasure. When improvising she plays Bricks. BBC 4’s Woman’s Hour has been so fascinated that it has surveyed her music twice. She has worked and recorded extensively with Mick Beck, Derek Bailey, Alex Ward, Tony Bevan, Simon Fell, Lol Coxhill, Mark Browne and others. One such temporal and sonic moment was frozen as Limescale, featuring Derek Bailey (Incus Records). Her Facebook Fan page, Sonic Pleasure is at http://en-gb.facebook.com/pages/Sonic-Pleasure/148467188518951
As you can see I went snowboarding last weekend which was pretty amazing, Colorado is such a beautiful place!
Please share your favorites!
8) IS ANYONE IN LOVE WITH YOU OR HAS A CRUSH ON YOU?
Note to Mike: You are an important and talented writer who's voice needs to be heard. However, I recommend that you reconsider the wisdom of some of your most recent articles, which, I suspect, may have given your enemies the ammunition they needed in order to get your other site closed down.
Right now, all I want to do is curl up on my couch with some pad thai and watch Golden Girls for the next 10 years.
tssshrk—-tssshrk—click
What do you think about The Community Radio Fund? Has it been a great help to your station? Do you agree with our findings? As always, we want to hear from you. Comment on this post or Follow @communityraedio
As I always say, I appreciate comments and especially criticisms. I want to get things right. However, like anyone, I would prefer the spirit of the criticisms to be more benign. After all, professors are teachers and I would hope they would never treat their students to a slurry of negative comments. Are we all in this together? Or are some of us unworthy of civilized discourse? I would hope that dismissive tones (see above for an example) can be resigned to the past.
And Tukey and Ajers are cracking up because it's a dumb boy joke and they can't control themselves.
I bought the wine with some trepidation. First, at $8.99/ bottle it was slightly more expensive than my $7.99/bottle upper limit for affordable wines. Even with the 10 percent discount I received by buying more than six (mixed) bottles — which brought the final cost to only $8.09 — I still don’t like to spend that much on wine. Would Gaga Rouge be worth breaking my own rule?
Q023) What is your treasure?
Jeremy and I share a love of live theatre and there’s nothing I enjoy more than taking in a play with my son. And, if not for him, I may never have become involved in community theatre. When a friend mentioned that she was going to be appearing in the Sound of Music and that they were looking for a young man to play a Nazi, I suggested to Jeremy that he may wish to audition. He got the part. Gary and I volunteered to sell tickets and man the house lights and doors. When the next production was announced both Jeremy and I auditioned. We have appeared in a number of shows and have loved every minute of it. But it wouldn’t have happened if not for him.
Now go and clean off your desk :)
The first type is the fiscal conservative. Being a fiscal conservative is generally taken to involve being conservative about taxation and government spending. To be more specific, fiscal conservatives favor keeping both of these at a minimum.
He reviewed his situation: four dirt walls, dirt floor, imperfect room dug underground, ceiling height similar to a regular room in a house, a handful of dead animals, a pile of cloth, no apparent way in or out. He sat and thought as he turned the rock in his hands, feeling its weight until he thought of something.
I think the problems around developing a truly innovative web writing are many. For though the web itself is non-linear, so much writing on the web, from this blog outwards, is entirely linear. When Elizabeth Baines wrote last year's Manchester "blog story" the tendency towards the conventional was perhaps more pronounced than in her written work - for the linear pull of the blog, episode by episode, is in itself reductionist. Its a few years since I had a few stories as part of the-phone-book.com - which has only lately gone offline. Yet here's part of the problem. The web is both there forever (thanks Google), and gone as soon as the domain name or the hosting expires.
