Social Networking – There are links to social networking sites (including Facebook and Twitter) on the first screen. While I’m sure the publisher wishes to promote their Apps through this media, and that these links are for the parents and not the children, it is inappropriate to have these links in such an obvious place. Social networking sites are usually restricted to children under 13, and so have no place in an App designed specifically for this age group.
Designing and implementing them. The science of computing such that it is unable to be more concentrated on one area of the career computer science as far as place of work because almost all levels. This branch of engineering also involves applied areas of science and then your reasoning mind will come out with the career computer science a research university or industrial research and development laboratory which can involve entrepreneurial activity.
Let’s Be Tourists Part Two!
Economics also make it difficult to have a family here. It is doable, but the cost of real estate is extraordinary.
The photo demonstration went well last night. When I have to speak in front of people, my heart races and my voice gets shaky but this time was different. I guess the fact that I was “in my zone” and was comfortable about my topic helped alot.
Here are seven things related to refugees and how we care for them that drive me crazy and make me want to smash either my own or the head of another person through a concrete wall:
In preparation for a PR blitz, Momentum spent the day on Saturday at NeSmith Chevrolet Buick GMC in Claxton, Georgia shooting video and press photos with Tytan of the “NeSmith Storm Camaro LS9″, a fully custom built Camaro, set to make its debut next week. The car is a collector’s dream at $125,000.00! Steve Gordon, head of NeSmith Customs, a division of NeSmith Chevrolet said, “There are probably only thirty vehicles in the United States that even come close to this vehicle”. The vehicle was completely transformed by Jen Jac’s, NeSmith’s partner in custom restorations and unfits. Gordon added, “We partnered with Jen Jac’s because they’re a premier restoration company and we wanted to bring the very best product to the market”. Joey Wigley, Owner of Jen Jac’s (www.jenjacs.com) said this supercar has “more handcrafting and upgrades than any other car like it in existence”. NeSmith Chevrolet in Claxton is the #1 GM Performance Parts Dealer in the world, so this project was a natural fit for the dealership. Demere Nesmith said, “This was a labor of love for all involved. Over the last three months, this car has been upgraded, upfitted and supercharged in every way imaginable. This is truly a supercar for anyone that is passionate about muscle cars and power behind the wheel”.
A European Union initiative The Barcelona Agreement, which comes into force on 1 January, give rights of settlement to millions of Muslims from North Africa and grant them legal preference over indigenous as well as increasing attacks on Jewish communities. The Maastricht Treaty took control of our borders off us and John Major lied when he said it didn’t.
Published: Dec 2008
3) Once there are no more pictures hanging outside of a folder (like a hallway rebel who's not in class yet), you can begin determining which pictures are scrap worthy. (Sometimes if I do have wandering photos, I will create a RANDOM folder for them.) Just go through each EVENT folder and copy/paste the pictures you want into the edit.develop.scrap. folder. The COPY/PASTE part is essential. The goal here is to keep all the originals in their respective folder and only edit the copies that are in the edit.develop.scrap. folder.
Focusing on the negative is counterproductive. When we concentrate on what’s wrong, it becomes the only thing you can see. Negative thoughts that hold us back: I can’t, I won’t, I’m not good enough Positive thoughts help us make positive choices – replace the negatives with positives like: I can, I’ll try, I’m able to do this.
indicate that the inflation rate is not correlated with stock returns.
It did sport metal signs; original and in outdated language. One ordered passengers to get on and off quickly please, another mentioned there were 20 seats, while yet another one warned the fire brigade explicitly forbade to board while smoking a pipe, cigar, or cigarette. Each time we halted, I expected ladies in long, trailing dresses and men sporting high hats to join us on board.
The stories are connected but, um, not well, and it’s directionless for too long. But there are great performances (especially the kids), some beautifully observed moments and a resonant dramatic question: can two people be each other’s whole world? 6/10
Long ago Mattie realized the few perks that come with advanced living were all sorts of tiny time pinching and money saving discounts at the theaters and early bird specials and of course the preferred seating on the bus but for Mattie the greatest of perks because money and time were both limited resources at her age. She appreciated the price of a ticket on the Hound and the hours of boredom made time craw to the point of nearing immortality. was that the young feel a natural repulsion toward the elderly and once a civic example of good deeds are used up the young tend to leave the old with the task of getting older all on their own. This time, the kindly patented smile of assistance explained that there were some special needs children requiring the front and perhaps she would not mind sitting closer to the middle. “Lovely.” an accidental slip of a slight mumble as
RailCorp accepts Mr CG was not offered employment because of his criminal record. But it disputes this constituted discrimination. It said his criminal record made him unable to perform the inherent requirements of the job.
A Most Improper Magick is an engaging, funny and thoroughly enjoyable romp through a fantastical version of Regency England.
WASHINGTON — BP, the company in charge of the rig that exploded last month in the Gulf of Mexico, hasn’t publicly divulged the results of tests on the extent of workers’ exposure to evaporating oil or from the burning of crude over the gulf, even though researchers say that data is crucial in determining whether the conditions are safe.
"a (hands on hips)
As much as The Walking Dead stunk in the first half of last season, “Walking Pains” is nothing but high-larious zombie hi-jinks. The only thing missing is Mike Seaver and his best pal Boner getting trapped in a Wal-Mart with nothing but cheap Chinese-made wiffle ball bats to fight off a seemingly endless swarm of cannibalistic undead.
Tonight Turner Classic Movies is showcasing the work of Ray Harryhausen with a threesome of his films. Following that, we even get a couple of bonus, unrelated genre gems. Check 'em out!
After living in Washington, Utah and Las Vegas, she now resides in Alaska with her husband, and two children. Aside from writing, Jolene sews, plays the guitar, sings when forced, and spends as much time outside as possible.
2 tbs of cooking oil
Kaipara mayor warns of leap in rates
Consider the wave of race riots that swept the nation's cities. From 1964 to 1971, there were more than 750 riots, killing 228 people and injuring 12,741 others. After more than 15,000 separate incidents of arson, many black urban neighborhoods were in ruins.
I am determined to pack up a big bag or box of books to donate this summer. But I'm not sure where to start! I'm considering asking each kid to choose 10 or 15 books to donate. At least that would free up a little space. Maybe they'd be willing to part with more...
Chair Backs: Ladderback/Slatback design featured horizontal flat slats that were equally spaced. Oppositely, spindle chair backs had vertical slats. Solid chair backs were also standard.
Men are a peculiar species. Not just humans in general, who are weird enough that I cross the street to avoid them, but specifically the subspecies of males. Straight men, scientifically speaking, don’t talk much among themselves about anything that doesn’t involve cars, sports, or (presumably naked) women (gay men are encouraged to substitute their own clichés here: Judy Garland anyone?) (And, as an aside: it has always amused me that straight men who obsess over watching beefcake, tightly-wrapped-in-spandex dudes tackle each other for a living, fail to see how… um… “latent” their interest in sports is.)
Santa Buddies: The Legend of Santa Paws ... ABC Family ... 7:30 AM
The departure of a major airline company has left some Forest Hills store owners struggling and hoping to survive the loss of business.
ScienceDaily (Apr. 2, 2012) — Even as the rates of some cancers are falling, Mayo Clinic is seeing an alarming trend: the dramatic rise of skin cancer, especially among people under 40. According to a study by Mayo Clinic researchers published in the April issue of Mayo Clinic Proceedings, the incidence of melanoma has escalated, and young women are the hardest hit.
That was racist? That was funny.
Bourne’s version, equipped with a different and often more powerful medium in theater and dance, reveals the scenes of Kim’s memory for what they actually are, taking Burton’s beautiful sets a step further into the use of veils. Bourne’s set has the feel of memory, allowing some recollections depth and other mere surface. The world is more distant, firmly in the late fifties and early sixties complete with Jackie O clothing and Leave it to Beaver charm. The veils, literally hanging from the ceiling, are both beautiful as well as delusory. They are the thin veils of living, of comfort, of comparison to our neighbors of a time lost, of the American innocence that still layers some minds over and plumbs our collective psyche of the ultimate blame we that must assign ourselves to be honest. In a way, Bourne’s version is perhaps more true, maybe we never see our horrors and never reconcile with the hurt we give others.
Why am I alone like this? Will my heart be hurt?
1 1/2 cups all purpose flour
A mac/coat is still very much needed with the unpredictability of the weather here. However a light weight cotton one would be sufficient, one with crop or rolled up sleeves and light colours such as beige and cream would be most appropriate.
8. Do you have a favorite Bible Verse that get's you through the rough spots? Share?
optional ingredients to add.
I don't even realize that I'm doing it, which is precisely how it happens. (I find that most things happen without anyone realizing.) Before I know it, I'm covered in raw spots- on my head, my face, my arms, my chest and the bottoms of my feet. My husband can pretty much tell how I'm feeling by how many bandages I'm wearing, which I like to think is pretty handy. He tries not to mention it, because that often makes it worse, but if there are more than two, he usually buys me chocolate.
10 where
28. news
And warm.
and he can't wait to go home with you!
For the occasion.. I made this piece of Canvas ART.. I had made on last summer
When I asked my friends to share their faves, getting through the day got just the tiniest bit easier. And every little step helps, right?
With this last act of meanness, I’d finally done something worthy of a real reprimand. I had to “go to the office” where one of the camp’s directors sat me down and gave me a good talking to. Then he made me sew Terri Jo’s bra back together. Then he made me call my mother and tell her what I’d done and that I was in trouble. Then he made me apologize to Terri Jo in front of the entire cabin. And he warned me that if I didn’t leave her completely alone until the end of camp, they’d call my parents to come and get me. I remember being ashamed of what I’d done, but more than that, I was pissed off that I’d been caught.
Grandma doesn't want me to work... ever... Grandma believes that the relationship between a mother and her child needs to be established by a mother staying home as long as possible, ideally forever. Grandma says that me being laid off when Emma was born is the best thing to ever happen to my daughter. I agree on so many levels, but especially when it comes to breastfeeding. I know how hard it is to pump. I can't imagine how hard it must be to take 15-30 minutes, 2-3 times during a workday (unpaid) to express breastmilk for a baby that you have left in the hands of another. America is one of the only countries that doesn't mandate any paid maternity leave for mothers. Canada allows a year, some of which is paid. Same with Israel and don't get me started on the Dutch. Why is it that other countries recognize the importance of a mother (and father in most areas of the world!!!) spending time with their new baby?
From vintage stores where jewelry, such as bracelets, rings, and necklaces, (my personal favorites) can be found to fantasy jewels and accessories in the online stores.
Your HomeTown
Organic Practices: Eliminate Chemical Pesticides • Eliminate Chemical Fertilizers • CompostI just visited the NWF Certified Habitat page and guess what? The fifth requirement of "Sustainable Gardening Practices" IS NO LONGER THERE. I just cannot believe this is a coincidence. An organization cannot partner with the largest producer of chemical pesticides and fertilizers and also advise against the use of them.
Ronald Reagan, the Knight of Malta and happy member of the
2) Preheat the oven to 180C/ 350F/ gas mark 4.
Astronomy Domine 5'05
The warm embrace that no one knows
This is Daniel James Barth. I want to welcome you to my blog site. Most of my posts will either be about network marketing, tips to help people make money online, or about the Gospel! I love Jesus Christ, He is my King and Lord and everything I do revolves around Him. I am here to help you in any way I can.
My personal medium is acrylic paint. I am a fine artist. I also do work in a multitude of other media, including sewing! I see no difference in a still life painting, scrapbook page, a machine-sewn set of curtains, or re-purposed altered cigar box!
In the book you get to know the Weasley’s, the family I love. All the Weasley’s are fantastic to read about and it is very enjoyable to learn more about them and their lifestyle as Harry is able to live with them for the rest of the summer as they rescue Harry. Out of the Weasley’s I really like them all but I thought it was nice to hear about Ginny. She being the only girl of the family and really the book is centered around what is happening with Ginny, you just didn’t realize that.
1. The first trend we need to look at is the fierce competition that is occurring in many of the markets today. Housing affordability is at a record high, due in large part to falling home values and mortgage rates that remain near record lows. More buyers are taking notice and jumping off the sidelines. To add fuel to the fire, the number of homes on the market is shrinking which will undoubtedly cause an increase in prices.
They're Back From The Grave and Ready To Party!
Please come back tomorrow for our final day of this wonderful Celebration week!
"Traffic on “curbside operators,” which offer pickup at various locations aside from transit hubs, grew a whopping 32.1 percent in 2011"
Mike: 2.0
* CARROT CURE - If your skin has broken out, skip the oatmeal scrub and try this healing alternative: Finely grate one medium carrot in the blender, and smooth it over your skin. Rinse and follow with the honey-yogurt mask. Carrots are rich in vitamin A, a powerful antiseptic that fights acne. Take that!
The Prize - A roll of X-press It High Tack Foam Tape, a roll of X-press It Double Sided Tape, a pack of X-press It Blending Card, a bottle of X-press It Clear Gel glue, a Copic 24 Wallet and a Copic cap!!!
Hey, I hope 2012 has been good to you so far! I'm working on some things to make this year better than the last - not that it was horrible or anything...
Instructions: Make card from smooth white cardstock, then round the upper right corner. Ink the background stamp with three different ink colors, then stamp along the left side of the card. Stamp the smaller borders in an opposite color to the right of the first stamped image. Stamp the doily to the bottom of the stamped border. Diecut the banner from pink ledger paper, then stamp the sentiment to it. Adhere the sentiment banner coming from the doily middle, then accent with three paper flowers. Add three matching jewels underneath the stamped sentiment banner to finish.
Earlier sections have illustrated how external political conditions to enable cooperation were not in place until fifteen years ago. Their eventual emergence has subsequently enabled the rapid development of an institutional structure and decisionmaking process that has radically transformed the development environment in the Nile Basin since the early 1990s.
Well I made it almost a month without smoking.
NOW THAT THE HOLIDAY IS OVER, WELL THE CHRISTMAS ONE ANYWAY....AND IT REALLY IS BEGINNING TO FEEL AND LOOK LIKE WINTER (AS WE SPEAK THE WIND IS HOWLING AND THE SNOW IS BLOWING)...IT'S A BLIZZARD HERE....IT'S TIME FOR ANOTHER....TEASE
We hope this presentation will allow people to learn, and be intrigued regarding the history of their own Faith. Thanks, and God Bless,
Yay or Nay: YAY! I really, really, really love this software. Extra bonus points were earned for being free. :)
If you read it, please leave reviews on Amazon or Barnes & Noble, email me, or post comments below. I’d love to know which piece in the book you liked best.
The EPA is the main tool President Barack Obama has left to reduce greenhouse gas emissions which he pledged at an international climate meeting to cut by about 17 percent by 2020 from 2005 levels.
reality and fantasy begin to blur. A modern day bar where three people who are trying to escape their past collide, uncovering a terrible secret and unleashing inevitable tragedy."
While the story and backdrop were the most interesting parts of the film, the characters are interesting as well, especially August and his treatment of his staff and animals. It’s a very beautifully photographed film done by cinematographer Rodrigo Prieto, who has done films, such as Brokeback Mountain, Babel, and Amores Perros. The director, Francis Lawrence, is still a relative newcomer to feature films, as he is well-known for directing many music videos for major artists, but has done some films, such as I Am Legend and Constantine.
interceptions he throws if he wants to have a chance at having a successful pro career.
Of late, though, I've had to revise this attitude. Far from being the impecunious relative, filmed SF is beginning to assume a more dominant role. I put up a post a while ago about how surprisingly impressive the remake of Battlestar Galactica was turning out to be, but I guess I still saw that as a bit of flash in the pan. Now I'm starting to wonder. The main reason for that is Torchwood.
This is something that game designers have understood a long time ago. They throw challenges at players that educators can only dream about. And players overcome them. Game designers create difficult circumstances based on clever insights like risk versus reward, or team effort.
I don't know if you've heard?
And with this I will end this episode of Commonly Drafted Goodies – Alliance shall prevail! Of course there are a few more Alliance allies that aren’t bad at all, but in Throne of the Tides and Crown of Heavens together there are 50 Alliance allies, I can’t do all your hard work and thinking so just go over them and see for yourself.
I would love for you to pop over and have a look and tell me what you think!!!
We have to give our jackets and umbrellas in to a ‘cloak room’, which is a woman in front of a wheeled clothes rail. There’s a queue for that.
There are many different aspects to using computers securely: You can set-up the computer to run more securely and reliably; Using access controls, such as passwords, you can prevent disclosure of information; By organising the information on the computer, and keeping regular copies, you can prevent the loss or corruption of information; and Using various means, you can secure your use of the Internet, and prove the authenticity of your communications.
So anyways! It's been a while since I've written, I am going to try to do better at that.
Then we have advertising which is beginning to take on a surreal element reminiscent of 1930’s style soviet Union style propaganda. For instance when happy white families spread Clover butter substitute on their sandwiches while gleefully applauding benign and elderly black musicians and when virtually every commercial for beauty products shampoo or slimming aids, as if by mandate have to feature three females “best friends” of politically correct differing ethnic shades, how do these differ from the images of happy peasants waving their scythes and sickles over a plentiful harvest, which were used by Russian propagandist to disguise a very different and far less attractive reality?.
I looked at her head and said, "It's probably just a raindrop, honey."
If the works that have been done in our day had been done in a place like Sodom, it would have converted. America and the rest of the world have not. We have rejected the grace of God, and we have chosen sin that is far worse than what Sodom ever knew. We need to pray and we need to do penance. We need to beg the Lord to open the way so that people will be able to receive the grace so they will be converted and saved.
He’s made claims that he oversees 1,200 C3 churches or around 500 C3 churches. His website still says he runs 258 churches or oversees around 300. The above blurb says he now has 400 churches. Is Phil Pringle lying to convince anyone to come to his Presence 2012 Conference? You decide.
The service was in cafeteria style so there is not much to comment on other than the line servers and cashier were very friendly. As a pesca-tarian it would be hard for me to visit often as the ONLY choices that weren't meat were tuna sandwich and tuna salad from what I could see. But I will have to come back for my Dad's sake as this is the kind of food he grew up on and I never cook.
Thursday, my right eye will have the old, gunky lens removed and a new one inserted.
68. Great Gilly Hopkins, The: Katherine Paterson
I'd call this Lady above the ultimate tiara wearer . . . . She wears this ring of copper not because she is nobility but noble in all she represents which for me transcends any configuration of jewels and settings . . .
Ah! little kenn'd they reverent grannie,
“I realized how potently people can communicate through food," says Hauck-Lawson. “How they serve food, how they get food, the roles and meanings of food to them. I realized people were expressing themselves — even when they’re not speaking, they’re expressing something,” she says.
Triton Submarines, based in Vero Beach, Florida, is another company that specializes in submersibles for the well to do. “Our customers are large yacht owners who want to offer their friends and their family something special,” says Bruce Jones, CEO of Triton. In the deep sea, “they can show them things they have never seen before.”
Well I told you that Maya had created hers and I havent shown it yet . But Will has also created his too.
06 Revelator 8:34
does require getting your mind around the smells, the ingredients, the
A Marlborough appellation of New Zealand, this is the archetype of a New Zealand red wine. More famous for their over-abundance of Sauvignon blanc throughout the regions, New Zealand can actually release a few rare gems such as this one from time to time. A fellow wine lover and I used to joke about how, "It's a shame they can only grow two grapes and one happens to be lackluster," but I chose to swallow my words as I proclaim that this Pinot Noir has met and exceeded my expectations, far beyond that of a Russian River Pinot.
Unfortunately (for me, Bruce, the world) a cursory reading of one website's Best of the Year/Decade lists turned into a multi-hour timesuck and nothing else was accomplished this night. Except for this post.
The guard had no sooner shut our door than the train was off. At full speed there is a peculiar vibration noticeable on the underground rail. The carriages are too wide and heavy to sway much from side to side, but there is a sort of undulating motion which is due either to the unevenness of the ground or to springs on which they are hung. This did not fail to evoke certain comparisons with the Gravesend boat, &c., among my fellow-travellers, who were also very facetious on the subject of accidents, alluding very pleasantly to the little contretemps which happened shortly after the line was opened, and concerning the particulars of which all appeared to have been credibly informed by 'parties as were in the train at the time.' One gentleman observed that a friend of his - a very decent sort of chap-had received a blow upon one of his 'peepers', 'which, in course, constitooted him,' continued our wag, 'a reglar eye-witness as you may say; but as the Comp'ny had done the handsome thing, and giv him five pounds by way of compensation, he (very wisely) didn't make no fuss about it.'
* If you haven't yet perused the HBD Reading List website, don't hesitate. A one-of-a-kind online resource with links to works on every HBD-related topic under the sun, from Aristotle to Arthur Jensen.
An hour or two south of Calgary, we decided to stop and enjoy an early dinner - I had a craving for steak! This part of Alberta is very agricultural, with expansive crop fields and cattle ranches and we ended up stopping in a small town called Nanton.
He lives and grants me daily breath.
Soothing me into the depths,
Francisco Bourdier, 41, New York, N.Y.
Splashtime at last!
Hot Penny Stock Amwest imaging (OTC PINK: AMWI.PK)
I want to give this game away for free, and to sell the hardcopy at cost (via PoD). I want it to help people in the way that gaming has helped me. I want this to be a vehicle to be open with others who have these issues and to let them know they’re not alone. I also want it, hopefully, to be useful as a way for people to broach this topic with their friends and family and help understanding.
Hi All! I'm so excited to be this week's hostess for City Crafter Challenge Blog! The theme this week is "A Boo-tiful Color Challenge". Your challenge is to PRIMARILY use the colors BLACK and CREAM on your project. I love Halloween and this color challenge is Halloween inspired, but your projects DO NOT have to be Halloween projects. Please REMEMBER that in order to be in the running for our prize, though, that we want to see projects that the MAJORITY of your project is using the colors BLACK and CREAM. You may use other colors, but the focus should be on BLACK and CREAM. We can't wait to see your BOO-TIFUL projects!
Allow the spit of the soldiers to symbolize the filth in our hearts. And then observe what Jesus does with our filth. He carries it to the cross.
So the how do you deal with it, this need to be surrounded by people? Well, talking is always great. Find someone who is willing to hold a stimulating conversation and enjoy.
Concerned about assignments,
2. You won’t see me at all because I will soon fall into a state of coma that will last until a school bell rings on January 4th.
4:40 Hall Monitors
2. May
Roger rolled up the sheaths of paper, filled with diagrams and equations, and tied them up with a lace ribbon.
Stevie shouts over.
burlap
Tonight, the weather was cold and wet with intermittent rain which does not seem to stop.
A few years ago, I delivered an address to an august audience of children’s book colleagues. I titled the talk “Sailing Away From the Safe Harbor” for the reason that over the past few years, I have been learning how to sail, and in the course of learning the techniques and vocabulary of sailing, I have discovered not only a great deal about myself, but I have come to realize that so much of the basic techniques of sailing can be likened to techniques we bring to our methods of writing, illustrating, editing, teaching, publishing and, indeed, reading stories.
1/4 cup lemon juice, fresh
Blue Moon, disingenuous on both sides of the Atlantic.
gel cup;
It’s not the wonder drug that makes everything better, and it’s not a tool of the drug dealers used to get you hooked on more dangerous stuff. It’s just a goddamn plant that you smoke or eat and it makes you feel funny and think about things a bit differently for a while. If i have to hear one more pot head tell me that it should be legal because it is less dangerous than alcohol, or one more anti-drug advocate tell me that legalizing it will lead to widespread use that will destroy the society, I’m gonna set my own house on fire out of sheer frustration.
... albeit not unreservedly.
For safety I drive with my headlights on, and do my best to follow another vehicle so as to make a head-on collision very unlikely. However, this was difficult to do in this case. On the open road, with a speed limit of around 90KPH, I couldn’t really follow the local cars which tend to drive around 50KPH, the lorries which may drive as slow as 30 or 40 KPH up or down hills – and there were a lot of lorries – or the other drivers in mostly ordinary cars which drive at 140KPH plus through very hilly, windy roads, with which I am not familiar. We were on our own. There were so many lorries that everyone else got stuck for long periods behind them going slowly. But many maniac drivers just overtook the line of cars and lorries around blind corners, and many rude drivers overtook those who were waiting to safely overtake, thus jumping the queue. The idiots were lucky that evening, and no one died.
Isn't she so strong and so inspiring...Keep it it Elise! You are a roll model for so many of us.
From what I have read, moles are hard to get rid of.
PS. We introduced our new friends to the epic Messiah tradition of Ninja Warrior. They really liked it and i'm pretty sure it's the first game they've played all week that didn't involve intoxication.
'Petra frowned. You are right, it does look fairly nasty in here. Allow me to do a home improvement so we can talk. 'Petra snapped her fingers and in a shower of glitter everything in the room became clean. The chandelier glowed and the old woman stared with her mouth open. Don't get too excited, it's all an illusion darling, 'Petra said. Oh honey, you simply can't wear that old thing! 'Petra snapped her fingers again and the old woman was wearing a white silk night gown, matching silk robe and diamond earrings and necklace. The bare feet suddenly in a silver Gucci stiletto.
(a) introduce or support U.N. resolutions calling attention to the Palestinian crisis,
Oh that Martin Prendergast
Just finished my last workout before the mudder, did 20min on stairmaster then 10 on the precor elliptical now I’m going to rest and rehydrate for the event.
The Amazing Race (20x02) - You Know I'm Not As Smart As You
It was not long after getting on the internet that I made some
6. When it comes to your creative endeavors (writing, drawing, singing, cooking, whatever!), what is your best source of inspiration?
EEEEEEkkkkkkkkk I can hardly believe that I am going to OWN my own walls----
Wherever you are in the journey, may you have a blessed Thanksgiving.
Hard to believe she's going to be 17 this coming July. Still tiny, though. But quite the adult. Rare, handy, and a smartass to boot. Truly my blood. I was so much like her at that age. Brazen, artsy, and never afraid to run my mouth.
In what appeared to be a wonderful coincidence of timing for the Obama reelection campaign, the Washington Post ran a hit piece against Mitt Romney claiming he bullied a student in 1965 for, in the post's words, his "presumed homosexuality."
I'm finished with my business and when I'm pulling myself back together, one of the little silver rings connecting a charm to my bracelet snags on the waist-band of my underwear and starts hanging on for dear life. Here I am standing in the stall, and my right hand is stuck to ma'undies while my jeans are still hovering around my hips; like a flight circling until cleared for landing. As much as I tried, that tiny little silver ring would not let loose. I debated just yanking my wrist free, but decided against it, realizing it would probably send beads and charms all over the floor, making quite the mess. The last thing I wanted to do was crawl all over the floor of a public restroom retrieving beads. I knew my best bet was leaving the bracelet attached to the waistband and instead figure out how to free my wrist.
7. "Gravity's Rainbow" by Thomas Pynchon
The London tends to be overlooked, but it's worth a visit. Just check the opening hours!
The dessert table:
My flower is an altered Prima Flower that I won in a Blog Candy. I carefully removed the button and added an image from Layers of Color Touch of Elegance art stamp set, then reattached the decorative button. I do love the softness of the green on this flower, there are a number of shades that are not so apparent in the photo!
1 university
Cutting for Stone - Abraham Vorghese
Basically a knit top with a cotton skirt. My mom bought a cute little brown sleeveless onesie for my daughter awhile ago. It's 12 month size, though, so I know it's not going to fit the entire summer. I decided it was a good candidate to make into a dress. So I chopped it.
-Listening to a little child pray to Heavenly Father.
Bake on a parchment paper-lined cookies sheets at 255 degrees F to 325 degrees F, until barely golden on the bottom. About 10 - 15 minutes, or more depending on the size of your cookies.
It's super late here!! Time to get bed! Night night....
You pick the place and I’ll choose the time
…Of being man, and all its glories
A Christmas Carol (1938) ... TCM ... 11 AM
Wetlands have a powerful pull.
As you can see there are some beautiful Models that will be there on the night, along with the clothing they are wearing from Sue Pierce Bridal& Evening Wear Design and also Cork designer Gráinne O’Connor. So I hope there will be a good turn out on the night so thats May 6th Oriel House Hotel Ballincollig Cork. Tickets available at the door at 6.30pm.
Kirstie is doing her first prac with toddlers and has nearly finished her first week and is just loving it...so nice to watch as a mummy.... She only has 2 weeks left of uni and then her first year is over....
Here are a few other ideas for the lettering
The previous Information Minister, Zainuddin Maidin (Zam), told Al Jazeera back in November 2007 that Malaysia is a democratic country because we have elections once every five years. Hitler won the elections as well and became Nazi Germany’s leader. Saddam became Iraq’s leader when he too won the elections. Does this make Nazi Germany and Iraq democratic countries?
She sat and worked on that essay all weekend while we were at the beach.
These earlier attacks did apparently wipe out a great deal of individual craft and munitions that the cabal could have used to fake an alien invasion, according to the insiders I have spoken to.
Cover the other phyllo pastry sheets with a moist towel so they wont dry.
Erasure - I Love to Hate You
Merry Christmas to all! Tonight we go to the Christmas Eve potluck/open house at my youngest sister's, joined by her husband's parents and siblings and their families, as well as my parents and other sister, her husband and their grown daughter who lives in London. My 18 year old will be going to a party with her boyfriend, who is here on Christmas break from attending college in Pennsylvania. Then tomorrow night we have the big Christmas Day dinner here at our house, with my parents along with the visiting sister, her husband and daughter, our 14 and 18 year olds, and the boyfriend. Monday, our oldest daughter will make it out here with the two grandchildren (4 and 2), and we will have a mid-day festive meal of some sort and the little people will see what Santa left for them here.
Some work colleagues and I arrived in San Francisco, and upon walking into Gumps, were met by a very gracious young woman who directed us to cocktails and books. I thought the table where Diane was to sign books was quite lovely, so I thought you might like seeing the beautiful flowers, and some of her previous best sellers. I am sure you remember Michael S. Smith, Elements of Style, and California Country Style, just two of the more than twenty beautiful books produced by Diane Dorrans Saeks throughout her career as author, editor, design lecturer, and feature writer.
“Or with his nails he’ll dig it up again!
Every vehicle in which I can see a cuddly toy.
Week - 9
Ween
Hope you guys like it! Feel free to tell me what you think!
WOW, finally, I found some help in understanding why my family of
Don’t believe me. Let’s look at some time lines:
Walk into a bank and tell them, “It’s perfectly safe to lend money to me, because I never pay off my debts,” and see how fast they give you a loan.
I think probably Bod because he is so brave and I would like to be as brave as him
Music: Múm, Hjaltalín, FM Belfast, Retro Stefson, Sin Fang, Borko & Reykjavík!
My Father’s Daughter‘s recipes are solid and fulfill the mandate of being delicious, easy and celebrating togetherness. While there is some culinary philosophy that makes me scratch my head, I like that. I read cookbooks as I would any other book, reading page by page and letting the narrative build. Paltrow tells a compelling story, seasoning the recipes with plenty of family photos. By the end of the book, even if we don’t agree with every word she writes, we grow to trust her.
Blue is known as "the colour of the mind". Perhaps because it resembles the ocean it is thought to be calming and serene. Many research studies reveal that blue is the world's favourite colour. Although calming it can also be thought of as a cold colour.
Every week a different mom hosts the club, providing a craft or two for the 8 participating girls. This is one of the projects we did at our house. They traced simple drawings on to these cute umbrellas I found at Oriental Trading Company and then they colored them in with sharpies.
This was the first large Topps baseball set to be released all at once instead of in series. Topps sent out a brochure to candy wholesalers explaining how this change would increase sales of the packs.
But the story that caught the Siren was one she had never heard before, that of Aherne's affair with the stage actress Clare Eames. Eames was married to playwright and director Sidney Howard, who later wrote the screenplay for Gone with the Wind. Howard was in London to direct his play The Silver Cord, and Aherne was cast opposite Eames. All went smoothly until Howard returned to America and the play began its run, whereupon the attraction between the two actors swiftly became a headlong, passionate romance. "I forgot she was a married woman with a child," says Aherne. "I forgot she was six years older than myself. I forgot my Puritan upbringing. I forgot that I was nothing but a penniless young actor. I heard the angels sing. I was lonely no more."
Being a pioneer has got it's ups and downs. I can see the first prank order now.
“I am Lord David of Fuckington. You will treat me with the respect I am due!” David’s eyes turned slowly from person to person, making sure they were paying him their full attention. “You should be honored that I have graced you with my presence and you should be further honored that I have chosen one of your own for my aristocratic right!” As he said this his eyes fell upon Jezebel as she lay on the floor, her skirt bunched up to her lower thigh, displaying the whitest of flesh. “If anybody else should have a problem with this then they will find they and their family will be suffering greatly in no short order, is that clear?”
To make the dough, combine the flour, sugar, and yeast in the bowl of a food processor* fitted with the metal blade. Pulse just to combine. With the machine running, add the ice water through the feed tube and process just until the dough is combined and all dry ingredients are incorporated, about 10 seconds. Let dough rest for 10 minutes.
There was no major event it just kind of happened. I starting thinking about all the little things. I have know it in my mind forever but never verbalized any of it.
Then, Heidi brought a card with loads of techniques and colour - here. Lots of flowers, butterflies and such a sweet little girl all wrapped up cosy in pink - yay for pink! Heidi had been playing with a Tim Holtz rosette die and the results are super. By the way, the backing paper is by Kate Knight, called Spring Fling, and was a recent freebie with Cardmaking and Papercraft magazine - I know this as I just can't pass a magazine with free papers and not buy it!
These are the struggles that bring us to freedom in the days to come. Liu Xiaobo, we believe in you, and in what you stand for. Keep the faith. Peace be with you.
Three layers of instrumentation mantle themselves through the first few measures of “Rascal”. The most subtle of them is one that gives off a whirling effect and is slightly panned to the left channel, and lowly mixed to blend in with the bits of noise in the previous paragraph. Reverberation carries it and allows the stereo image to become a touch bit broader, as the outboard/plug-in used on it gives wet representation to the right channel.
“Emilie and her husband Scott are amazing young people,” said Mayor Hutton. “When they were going through this they were comforting everyone else. That’s the kind of people they are.”
Thank you so much for joining along with me for this week's challenge :) I hope you all head on over to visit Sheri (click HERE) to see complete details and leave her some love :)
Christ Church in Orton Goldhay
Alright, on to some of my recipes. Most of my recipes are from an old copy of the Betty Crocker Cook Book that my mother in law gave to me. My Mom has a copy of this, as well, and was the cook book that we always used when I was growing up. It's the first one I go to when llokng for a recipe. I've just tweaked many of them to my specifications!
I do however fully support the notion that exposing kids to obnoxious comedy can make them less socially acceptable. So much of today's "comedy" relies on fart jokes, crude language and getting one's "tackle" out. Yes, Ben Stiller, Rob Schneider, Adam Sandler, Mike Myers, Seth Rogen and the Wayans brothers - I'm clearly looking at you.. It's a big problem because far from teaching our asperger's children how to behave responsibly in social settings, these films are arming them with the worst kind on humour.
A careful reading of the above paragraphs reveals that the author does not consider the provisions of hudud unjust in themselves. He simply objects to the unequal and unfair application of such penalties. He reminds the reader that rich and the powerful people — Mubarak, Assad, Qaddafi, etc. — are never subjected to hudud penalties, but only the poor and the powerless and the unconnected. This is what constitutes “injustice” under Islamic law.
Avery Samaels
As she was sorting and cleaning up the mess in the temple, the deity who was worshiped in this holy place appeared before her. It was Ceres (Demeter, goddess of the crop) and she gave her thanks to Psyche for cleaning up her dilapidated temple. However, when Psyche asked for her help in getting back with Cupid, she told her that she couldn't do such a thing and could only give her advice.
Melissa George is an expert mountain climber (no, really) climbing in the Scottish highlands when she and her friends find a little girl abandoned underground in the wilderness. Melissa and her friends rescue the poor dear, unwittingly putting themselves in the sights of the girl's kidnappers. What follows is the plot of Backwoods (that's the largely unseen Gary Oldman/Paddy Considine feature, not the Duff version).
The Soon-to-be After:
The photo frame is made from 2 main items, The paper part is cut from one of the quote boards. I added a cut KI memories glitter sticker in a pattern around the frame. A Bo Bunny rub-on was applied to the pic for some much needed detail!
When your child brings home his/her mini book each week, please encourage him/her to use these four reading strategies (Look At the Pictures, Does It Make Sense?, Fix Up Your Thinking, Reread) with your support while he/she is reading the mini book at home.
75) I just saw "Marie Antoinette," and I am now convinced that Sofia Coppola could shoot film of someone having a shite, add a soundtrack, and I would fucking well love it. It does crack me up to hear her give direction or interviews, though, as she is so, like, um, non-communicative in a Valley Girl kind of way. How on earth does she get the actors to do what she says? How the fuck can they tell what she wants? It's all very strange.
Originally titled: ON SHOWING UP
We encourage feedback. Please email your comments, questions, and suggestions to mleepson@vva.org
‘‘You hear this thing ‘oh it was the women’,’’ Says Damian Smyth. ‘‘But it wasn’t the women. The reality was, as Paul said, it was time to grow up. And if you think about it, they were kids. They had been in this bubble since 1962, and they were in their late 20s when it ended.’’
Give him money to buy any type of liquor and good, expensive clothes.
While the new restaurant doesn’t have a name yet, I’ll keep you apprised of upcoming developments.
Me: You know I was already here the other day and I was TOLD by YOUR manager that I should do this in order to get a credit. Why are you making this more difficult?
I am still like a child when a parcel arrives at the door... I don't know what it is about brown paper and cardboard packages but they excite me. I even skip a beat with an Amazon box... call me silly, but I do... perhaps it's the the thought of the unexpected or the pleasure in knowing that something you are looking forward to has arrived.
Through collective government investments from all individual governments across the United States, the government owns most of the major corporations in America, and beyond.
…reminded myself that in 3rd world countries a family of 5 actually live like this, to get my mind off of spending $1200/mnth for my 700 sq ft
No massive aromas on the nose apart from some good 'ol maltiness and a whiff of a quaint noble hop--goldings comes to mind.
Q:�Why should 60-plus year old people use valet parking?
back and speaking of drones Mitt Romney
Relight Rule No. 9: It's a whirlwind — do you both feel like rushing back into a full-on, living-together relationship? Think again — it's far better to rekindle things through a slow build-up, and to date again, rather than jumping in head first to a fully fledged relationship.
Richard Arundel
Ji-Hyun Hong : Punk with oriental taste. But it's hard to describe. The best way to introduce us is, come out and see our show.
I removed the naughty word, but left the rest alone. With no idea what to expect (or who my fellow guilders were), Melissa and I agreed to meet at the front door of the church that hosted the meetings. Still, I wondered…..what if I don’t fit in?
and enjoying the sun streaming through the windows. Generally I'm not a breakfast person....during the week I have a quick bowl of cereal, bircher or grab a slice of toast but things change on the weekend which is when I really enjoy breakfast. Normally on a Sunday we always have a brunch but since it was just the 2 of us (and Wee One had already had his usual feast of cereal, yogurt and a ton of fruit!) it didn't seem right but then I remembered a recipe I had seen in Thomasina Miers book Mexican Food Made Simple for what she calls “The Great Mexican Breakfast”. It looked amazing and the only reason I hadn't made it before was because of Mr. Vanilla's fussiness for tomatoes and the fact that there can't be any “chunks” whatsoever! It was the perfect time to make it.....a little self-indulgence and a yummy breakfast for myself while he was enjoying himself on the golf course. This isn't a breakfast for when you are in a rush as it takes 30 minutes for the sauce to cook and reduce but it is so worth it...(and lets be honest, how long does it take to cook some bacon or sausages?!) All I can say when I ate it was “Wow!” and then wanted to rewind time and eat it all over again! The crisp and golden tortilla with the spicy tomato sauce, and perfectly fried egg with the runny yolk was the ultimate combination and is quite possibly my new favourite breakfast! Actually it is my new favourite breakfast and therefore I thought the perfect recipe to post just in time for mother's day because if your mum (or yourself!) likes spicy Mexican food then this is the ultimate breakfast to treat her to....you won't be disappointed and neither will she. And of course so that I could share this recipe with you, I had to have it again on Monday so I could snap a quick pic before devouring it again.....it's a tough job!
Some of you are thinking, “Ha! He didn’t write it down. He forgot it. Silly, sad, Jeffrey.”
Let's start with the night before I left the States. I had 4 containers that were inch-per-inch the maximum allowed dimensions per Delta's regulations. Do you think they had a single thing packed in them at 6pm? Yeah, not hardly. You see, I get crazy anxious when things are all done and I'm just sitting there waiting on the next thing. In this case, the next thing would have been getting in the car and heading to the airport. Sleep isn't even factored in, because I don't sleep when I'm anxious. That being said, I started packing at around 7pm. I didn't have the fancy scales that you hook to the luggage and get a nice digital number for how many pounds you have. Nope, I used the old fashioned method - me and the floor scales. I just weighed myself then got Melinda to hand me the container to see how close I was to 50lbs. The clothes I packed for the kids and the stuffed animals were all in space saver bags. Some of them were 15-20lbs each. I think the containers were like 5lbs each to begin with. So we packed and weighed and removed and added and weighed again.
I often have to dispel the thinking that the ‘Big House’ and the ‘Little Guys’ make very similar beers but the big brewers can make them cheaper and send them further around the country faster. It just goes to show how the real story can be lost in a blaze of mass-media advertising and brand marketing.
It’s simple my friendly, all you have to do is follow this list of rules, easy things like don’t make sexy eyes at your neighbours wife, even if she is a hottie, don’t steal…..er….cows and stuff, don’t suddenly find another God, even if he is offering a free X-Box if you join up, don’t kill anyone, no matter how annoying they are, and there is some other stuff that I will throw in later, but you get the general picture, right? Do all this and we will make it worth your time, you will get in to-quickly Barry, crank up the celestial angels CD-heaven. Fail to do this and you will end up in-Barry, the Mariah Carey CD!-hell. And you don’t want that to happen.
Please be sure to visit Positively Me by Julianna to learn more about each of the designers and to see their beautiful smiling faces. The Design Team will start sharing their creativity and new projects in June so subscribe, follow or check back often--you won't want to miss this!!
and fulfilled too, that by me,
Brian Wright is the team adviser and also is secretary for the board of directors of the Midwest Model United Nations.”
Your entry can be rejected on any of the following grounds:
As the four men approached the building’s door, Xu Guan lost sight of them. He heard the lock rattle as they checked the door. Then, he head footsteps as they rounded the corner of the building to the back where the barrels sat along the building’s wall. Xu Guan could hear footfalls in the soft dirt and nothing more. Abruptly, the movement stopped. They had spotted the barrel that sat over his rabbit hole, Xu Guan was sure of it.
A wilderness dream
Similarly, as scholars like William Julius Wilson and Theda Skocpol have noted, targeting within universal programs can provide the redistribution of income and the protection of the entire population that social welfare programs normally provide without the political division. As popular support for the progressive income tax demonstrates, the public is perfectly comfortable with redistribution (indeed, surveys show that the public is comfortable with a much higher level of redistribution than currently exists) as long as the system of redistribution is seen as including everyone.
Two of my best friends are in med school this year. They’re incredibly smart people, but I think part of what makes them so smart (and yes, I know this is not an original thought), is the wild imaginations they challenge themselves to have. They are not only willing to take a different tack, they have so long welcomed it that now it’s a natural part of problem-solving in their daily lives — and it’s a natural part of the way they observe the world around them. Neither one consents to expectations that might permit underperformance, but neither do they mistake the straight and narrow for the best path from point A to point B.
Sweet, acid, salty and bitter. With those four camps of taste buds, it’s no wonder we are Sweet Freaks. Who wants to say they gravitate towards bitterness?
Junior Brown+
When the plate arrived, my eyes grew to saucers, it was a huge blueberry crumble tart. It was gorgeous (and insanely tasty), but it was not a muffin. I laughed and explained to my friends what I was expecting, I pointed to the display and asked Carlos "Como se dice?" It was explained to me that it was a Budin. We laughed over the word mix up, I inhaled my "muffin" and all was well.
The volunteer and community sector offers a variety of initiatives, interventions and services that impact people’s lives. However, capturing information about how such initiatives have made a real difference, what has worked and why it worked can be a daunting. This one day course is designed to provide practical advice on evaluation and how to collect the information needed to assess how successful a community-based initiative has been.
2. Coldplay – “Paradise” They’re still hawking this song on TV? I’m not into Coldplay, but this song isn’t too bad. That piano track is solid and the rhythm section has some nice bounce to it. Vocally Chris Martin was all over the place. During the verses he stayed in his range, but when he tried anything resembling a vocal run (or a high note) he sounded unprofessional and tired. That mic feedback didn’t held either. Was it just me, or was Chris’s own chorus too high for him to sing?
This is perhaps a tiny bit childish, but I couldn't help but laugh when I saw the above photo over at Obama's Gaffes.
-Hilda
1 undescribed
Pretend You’ll Do It Again by Josh Russell
Anne: Having our own studio (Dave's studio) has always been our saving grace. We've never had to work with the pressure of the clock ticking away. Though there have been numerous other technical challenges which continue to try our patience, we all have a good sense of humor about it. The Barn (the studio) has been as much a part of our process as anything else, and for me, it doesn't ever get any better than playing there. I enjoy going out and playing for other people to a certain extent, but really, it's all there, all the feedback I need is in the energy of that room that has accumulated over the years.
when it is natural; it can be analyzed from so many angles.
03) Myage
Connect:
-answer the questions set for you in their post.
Today, facing the global crisis of capitalism, the masses are once again moving against imperialism and its national neo-colonial lackeys, and again a wave of uprisings sparked by martyrdom is evident. At the same time the suicide rate in the imperialist armed forces is on the rise. What we see here is the initial imbalance of forces where the oppressed do not yet have organised mass support to express their opposition to oppression as mass action. Such individual acts, even when copycatted, will continue until such time as collectively the international proletariat takes on its shoulders the task of socialist revolution.
This sort of optical chip communication is known as “integrated photonics.” Telecommunications networks and high-speed computer interconnects already use light to send information faster and more efficiently — think “fiber optics” — and now, HP and other research outfits are pushing to use light for communicating between computer computer chips or even between components built into the chips themselves.
beautiful again
The Conservative leader, David Cameron, has said that his party ‘won’t do formal things’ with the MCB, but Ken Livingstone and all the others who are part of this Conference are happy to. This is largely a reaction to the Deputy Secretary of the MCB, Daud Abdullah, who supports Hamas’ terror campaign. (The Hamas campaign is designed to taunt the Israelis into doing something outrageous in front of Western anti-Zionist journalists and cameramen. A dead Palestinian child always does the world of good for Hamas’s cause – which is the annihilation of Israel.)
This dish was also simple, but novel, and beautiful to look at. I loved the delicate texture of the bamboo pith, gently bathed in starchy but clear broth, and offset first by the light crunch of the slivered mushroom and bamboo shoots stuffed inside, then by the heftier crunch and pops of green in the stalks of kai lan. Loved this.
This is a fair and honest statement, but ‘cutting out the distributor’ simply means that Domtom, like many author solution companies, do not have a book distributor in place beyond the normal book data listings provided to online retailers and book wholesalers such as Gardners in the UK. Having a dedicated sales team of representatives to sell your catalogue of books to high street stores is not something you decide to ‘cut out’. Domtom Publishing’s strategy is to rely on in-house direct marketing, but again, they need to clearly show to perspective authors how exactly this forms part of their business and the self-publishing services they offer.
The semi final reslts were read on DWTS last night, that is of course after we saw performances by a group of pre-pubescent dancers, product placements, a performance by The Muppets, and the usual recapping that takes… a full 55 minutes to complete.
but the way of the wicked will perish.
I used to think being with my mum would make me feel closer to my dad, but it doesn't. It makes me feel closer to my mum. Which is exactly how it should be. I admire my mum's courage immensely. She was a broken woman when he passed away in 2001, yet now she is looking forward to a future with her partner, a man she adores. Her dreams will come true. She's 69 this year. And she looks amazing. She's happy because she has some wonderful memories. We might be two hundred miles apart but we'll always be together. Just like me and my dad.
Brainbell.com has a cool tutorial on a unique use of conditional formatting in Excel. How and when to use this method is only limited to your creativity, but I can see it being useful for applying a format only when printing a document.
There is one big decision standing between me and a newly wallpapered kitchen. Do I strip the many, many layers of old paint off of the plaster first? There are half a dozen layers of thick paint. There are also some sections that have more layers than others because of some unfortunate cabinets that were put up sometime during the 70s.
I have to agree with you there, Cold. You’re far worse than deadly. Unlike your cousins (who shoot to kill), you get into a person and just sit there. Tickle his throat slightly so he’s suspicious, but not fully aware of your presence. Then make him sneeze now and again. Mess with his mind ever so subtly, and then right in the middle of his workday… attack! Take no prisoners. Grab his sinuses, fill his brain with what feels like several anvils, and treat his nose like a machine gun until the poor sap figures it was probably a train that ran into him.
As he covered the rest of the floor and tossed the rock to the ceiling, he eventually found the pile of cloth he had been sitting upon as well as three more carcasses of different sizes. He felt safe to assume that they were different types of dogs, the missing dogs from the flyers he’d seen on the poles around the neighborhoods. That thought at least allowed him the comfort of assuming he was still near the neighborhood. Near his home.
Ok, so Georgia LOST the game baby! I'm fired up. Now we are watching the first season of The Wire on HBO Plus. Righteous!
This session started at the Langham Hotel with high tea treats before Listener food columnist Lauraine Jacobs led her fellow accomplished food writers, and authors - Charlotte Wood, Fleur Sullivan and Natalie Oldfield - in an interesting and passionate discussion where each spoke of the love and joy of cooking, particularly in family situations.
Lissa’s book tells everything from how coochies smell and taste, to information on orgasm, boobs, peeing, periods, fertility, sex and masturbation. It’s packed with the information that you’re really dying to know and you should know, but you might be a bit too shy to chat with your own gynecologist about. Plus, your own gynecologist doesn’t have hours to sit and gab with you about all the stuff you’ll want to talk about!
Josh Cummings (2-0) vs John Mayfield (1-0)
So how has the church – the Christian community – responded? I fear that the response has been schizophrenic; we have contradictory attitudes. Let me explain.
English 101:
SCIENCE AND EXPLORATION:
Starting in a seated position, cross the right leg on top of the left leg, trying to stack the knees (to the extent that this is possible while still keeping both “cheeks” on the mat). Then lift the left arm up overhead, bending at the elbow to drop the left arm behind you. Take the right arm around the back and bend the elbow to reach the right arm up towards the left arm, making contact with the fingers if possible. As you remain in this pose, continue lifting the chest and looking straight ahead. After 4-6 breath cycles, release the arms, uncross the legs, and switch sides.
Same with DVDs.
I made the mistake of making my username Discordeia because I didn’t realize that it was going to show up next to my contributions. I usually go with Discordeia in signups because their are so many Jennifer Harris and J Harris combinations out there that it takes up valuable time to find a screen name.
You may have heard that Anne Tyler includes a ghost in her new novel, The Beginner’s Goodbye. The ghost is Dorothy, a short middle-aged radiologist killed when a tree falls on her house one August. Some months later, she appears to her grieving husband Aaron, a 36-year-old editor at a small Baltimore publisher that specializes in beginners’ how-to guides on various subjects. Aaron first met no-nonsense Dorothy while editing ‘The Beginner’s Cancer” and was impressed when she came right out and asked him about his crippled arm.
During our recent time at the folk festival a couple of people remarked - nicely, much to my surprise - on my rapidly whitening hair. It's been two years now since it had any colour put in, so of course it is becoming greyer. While I don't miss the maintenance of regular visits to the hairdresser (or the expense), and there is still quite a lot of the original darker hair left, I do miss my auburn hair. Having no colour round the face is very unflattering, especially if one's hair is not fluffy and one's skin tone doesn't suit white.
What are your secrets to packing? Are there any?
Ever since Vardhini posted her event Lunch box ideas with broccoli ,I wished to try out this veggie.I never used it for curries or side dishes,just added sometimes to salads.Every day there was some one posting an item with broccoli ,so came out this lovely recipe of cutlet..and friends its a very tasty snack or can be used as patties with burgers.I tried the same style of my chicken cutlets,you can view that recipe here.Only thing I just omitted the bread crumbs part and egg white dipping just as to make it much more simpler.The broccoli washed and florets separated was shredded in a blender and then added to the mix.That made it easier to cook and shape it well into cutlets.Every one liked it and my kids liked the most :-)
Bind off.
No one has been convicted of the murder of Anthony Campbell.
And yes, I am interested in knowing that you FINALLY plan on calling the vet out but all you needed to say was "Calling the vet out soon! Really looking forward to finally discovering what the heck this is". That would have been more than sufficient.
7 Therefore said he, Take it up to thee. And he put out his hand, and took it.
Given the fact that men in general have continued to lose work and not attain the same educational status as women in general, I have found it curious since at least 2000, when I started collecting and analyzing these stories that no other demographic has been focused on with the same level of scrutiny, relentlessness and hopelessness as black women. Even though there are over 60 million unmarried women in America.
YOUR MAMAS NOTES: Almost since the very moment they first made googly eyes at each on the set of The Green Lantern last year all the celebrity-based tabs, blogs and gossip glossies have breathlessly reported that Gossip Girls blondie Blake Lively and hard-bodied actor Ryan Reynolds (The Green Lantern) have been on the hunt for a celebrity-style nest they can feather together.
The recommended amount of water per person per day is a gallon. A gallon of water roughly equals 8lbs. Three gallons=24lbs.
So today i should receive my next 16 week 'mission' and the theme will be very much the same..lots of high intensity but this time with some slightly longer runs thrown in too. I really love this approach to training. you run a lot (as opposed to walking a lot) . its time efficient (so i have lots of time to do the other things in life). and the rebel in me loves the fact that training this way for longer stuff flies in the face of the must-do mega mileage traditional camp. doing big miles i simply got slower but doing less im getting quicker with no detriment to endurance. that's not to say this is some miracle solution to ultras as there's so many other things to factor in.
When the Chipmunks meet the Chipettes, they gain crushes on their counterparts, but are soon forced to have a rivalry after discovering that they are with Ian. The Chipmunks and the Chipettes compete against each other in the Battle of the Bands. During lunchtime, Alvin meets up with Brittany, sharing a slight romantic moment with her until he warns her about Ian’s past. Not believing him, Brittany leaves. Soon after, Alvin helps the school to win in a football game.
I could have used shop bought flat breads or stuffed the gyros into those little cardboard pockets that you can buy from everywhere these days but I wanted something a little fresher and tastier so here we are my take on homemade flat bread:
We became members as an early birthday present to the kids (and because after two visits the membership pays for itself, and you get free parking- but don't tell them that). It's a fabulous zoo. In the words of JP, "Wow, you almost don't feel bad for the animals." The Bear was initially wary of a few exhibits, but she warmed up quickly.
We visited the workshop of a pottery store, where the two of them acquired first-hand experience in making shīsā! After choosing a favorite bisque shīsā, they each decorated the pottery with their favorite colors. They were supposed to use HiroC and OnoD’s jumpsuits as a template and paint the shīsā corresponding yellows and blues, but in the end, as you can see, the shīsā were decked out in these mysterious metallic colors…
- Norway: crown pork roast with garlic-herb mustard, mashed rutabaga & lingonberry demi with Nogne-0 Special Holiday Ale - 8.5% ABV
But this week, surrounded by cardboard boxes holding " stuff" ,chairs full of heaps of more "stuff" ,and loads of other "stuff" on the floor , in my workroom, I decided I needed a cupboard fast.
My favorite~
And always want
Now I leave you with some pictures and remember, I will be posting a new layout every day this week so don't forget to visit again.
So huzzah! Hurrah! We are proud of you! stomp stomp We are proud of you! remember I was a cheerleader at one of the many points of my life.
If you want to see some AMAZING sunrise photos of Acadia (wonderful photographs period), please visit my fellow blogger, Mainer, and Acadia enthusiast David Patterson’s blog: www.storiesfromhome.wordpress.com
Our own design team member, Kat, is very generously offering the prize below for this month's winner! There are brads, buttons and stamps from Basic Grey's Euphoria line! Fabulous prize Kat! Thanks so much!
"I'm old enough to register and vote and I'm old enough to sign up for military service and die for my country, but I'm not old enough to drink!"
A man has been found guilty of raping a Belfast woman as she lay in her bed.
I'd had people want to slap that "depression" label onto me, and I was scared of it. They all acted like I was crazy. I tried and failed to act like nothing was wrong--I'm just not a very good actress. My mother couldn't afford a psychologist throughout my adolescence, not that I'd have told one anything, and the guidance counselors at my middle and high schools were pretty terrible. All their advice could be boiled down to "Your life isn't *that* bad, cheer up, smile for once, and stop being so damned weird." My pastor at church wanted me to stop listening to the music I loved, including Nirvana, but I felt even worse listening to Christian music. I heard from the pulpit that suicides went to hell and that Christians were supposed to show the rest of the world how happy they--at that time, we--were. I therefore learned not to tell them a thing, either. I sometimes wanted to print and wear a T-shirt saying, "Don't ask me questions if you don't want to hear the answers."
Now is the time to look at my youngest being thrilled that she is done with grade school and is going to be getting very nervous about middle school!
On top of the standards, Los Altos adds a few 'tex-mex' style dishes, including a crispy taco plate and a tex-mex style enchilada plate. I've tried them both and can advise you to avoid them. If you want tex-mex, there are plenty of places to go. You're at Los Altos for the Jalisco style!
dancing with death on the pine logs as they
LINK UP YOUR $10 CRAFT OR RECIPE! Please play fair and copy the Ten Buck Tuesday button to your blog when you link up! The link-ups will be open until next Monday at 11:59pm (EST)!
It is easy to let this kind of languaging drift into what sounds like “religious talk.” I do not deify Mother Ayahuasca. I understand her to be an Elemental Spirit who has the ability to interact with our lives through some backdoor methods that involve synchronicity and the collective unconscious, to use Jung’s terms. I do not know how to scientifically describe this, but I accept it for myself since I have experienced it directly.
And then, I got a little drawer organizer, which is really just a serving tray I picked up for a dollar. In this, I have my highlighters, my professional cards to hand out, and also my recess whistle and key for the kiln room. Both things I do not want to lose! Since this project was completed, it has definitely made my life easier and the system is working, which is a good sign!
189 1. “Censorship.” Encyclopedia Britannica (1985). Revised for the 1986 printing and thereafter.
So now I know. Just when I needed to. Gotta love serendipity.
Seriously? If you haven't tried it, please do. It's good stuff. It's not a weight-loss magician, but that's a PLUS. It's just a well-balanced MEAL that doesn't need any thought or preparation. LOVE it. As you may know, you can buy the shake through Beachbody VIA my website....the link is here.
**And because he tries so hard to be big, I forget and talk to him even bigger sometimes... which always ends up a lost cause:
Six days.
The justice ministry’s competition strategy makes clear that the nine jails being put out to tender out of 136 prisons in England and Wales are only a first wave. The public sector is expected to win some of the bids.
As a kid I understood full well what that meant. It meant that I would have to entertain myself as best as I could because my parents were quite busy taking care of Todd (we’ll just say that’s my brother’s name).
PLEASE READ OUR RULES CAREFULLY.
What will you do on your release day? The Barnes & Noble local to me is hosting a launch party. I can’t wait!
Here’s to true engagement inside and out leading to brand-based innovations that will benefit all stakeholder groups.
6. Coat each chicken breast in the egg mixture then roll in the breadcrumbs (until it looks like a little hamster … Joke) and spray with fry light
These events serve as a platform for the students to interact with industry leaders, and academicians apart from interacting with contemporaries from other institutions.
In the meantime, PETA is probably at the forefront of insisting that DC's rat population should be "relocated in family units" as opposed to killing them. Come to think of it, what rat family wouldn't love a new home in sunny Florida?
Anyway, the chocolate bribe didn't seem to work overly well. His answer was always "NO" when we asked him to use the potty.
When the leg breaks, the eye sheds tears.
“Neotame was approved by the FDA for general use in July 2002 … The FDA loosened all labeling requirements for Neotame as part of a large-scale effort to make it a near-ubiquitous artificial sweetener, to be found on the tabletop, in all prepared foods, even in organics. It simply does not have to be included in the ingredient list.”
Beat egg whites in a large mixer bowl until stiff peaks form, reserve. Beat egg yolks; beat in lemon peel, lemon juice and milk. Add sugar, flour and salt; beat until smooth. fold lemon mixture into egg whites. Pour into pastry-lined pie plate. Bake until golden brown, 45 to 50 minutes. Serve with sweetened whipped cream if desired
2010.08.18 Afghanistan Kandahar 1 0 A suicide bomber takes out an Afghan cop.
GC-001 Grand Calibur
Well, whatever you do to celebrate this fun day of Irish and green cheer and I hope it involves getting outside in this seasonably warm weather. In my neck of the woods, we are five days into a week long warm-up of 70 and 80 degree tempts. It's just heavenly. Perfect for spring cleaning, outdoor naps, and babies to be born!
The ANC should decide how they want to end up.
My work has shifted in direct result as well in what is channeling through and how. Coming from a place of embracing that everything is temporary and can shift at any moment, is very relieving. The only thing that is enduring is LOVE. Love for all of creation, for each other, the Earth, the cosmos, and yourself.
2. Speaking of animals, I see a multitude of dogs on this route. It's a greenway, so it's much safer to walk your dog there rather than on a road. In fact, Saturday I saw a couple of very large Great Danes. Not as big as this one, but I am always impressed by their greatness. :) I also walk far enough south to see some geese. I love listening to all of the birds, and this past weekend I heard a woodpecker. It reminded me of my grandfather, because I could just imagine him having his binoculars at the ready to spot any bird or woodpecker around. He would have outpaced me (as he always did) even with his birdwatching. I appreciate the solitude of nature and the memories it brings with it. If I'd had on my iPod, chances are I wouldn't have heard that woodpecker and thought about my grandpa.
This handbook has been written primarily for those who live far from medical
Somehow, Lincoln is destined to wage war upon Void Stalin's forces of evil in the past, present and future, and the time-traveling tyrant is determined to make sure that never comes to pass!This etherpunk comic book stars everyone's favorite stove-pipe hat wearing United States President.
The third day we began to encounter some resistance. Lizzy wanted to do everything all by herself and wanted no one in the bathroom with her,. Only sometimes she wouldn't sit on the toilet long enough and would go as soon as she hopped down. Also, I was totally stir crazy--I had pretty much been sitting on the bathroom floor since Friday morning. We went on a few errands while she wore a pull-up. Lizzy did a great job sitting on the toilet in public, but didn't ever actually go. She did end up going in her pull-up without telling us, but I think that had more to do with the fact that we ended up staying out longer than anticipated and sort of lost track of time and waited longer than usual to take a bathroom trip.
Being in Hellerup it was neccessary to try some Tuborg from tap. A little cafe in what used to be the bottling building had both Grøn Tuborg and Tuborg Classic as draught beers. Unfortunatly they were out of Tuborg Classic, so I ordered only Grøn Tuborg.
BLITZER: Let me bring Congressman Paul, then Senator Santorum.
6. I've been working as a psychiatric nurse for 6 years.
Some would argue that a trip to the barber is wasted on me, but I still need to get rid of the shaggy stuff on the sides and back from time to time unless I want to look like a B-list Hollywood director.
"oliver, i am going to take some pictures of brother."
So, to summarise, if things turn ugly, there appears to be room for fiscal policy, but not monetary policy, in Bangladesh.
She did not look like a man or a woman with a beard
I have already noticed lots of people talking, blogging, tweeting about it. Now I haven’t commented on it yet, because when I blog about something I want to look into it carefully.
It rings at the most inappropriate times. I have seen a bridegroom (and not just in a commercial) taking a call in the middle of his marriage ceremony. I did not ask him later, out of shyness, what happened during the wedding night, but I am sure his cell records would show that he hardly slept.
Today for example, the boys peed in diapers when they napped. Otherwise wore panties ALL DAY long without so much as ONE accident. And yes, I was actually able to do a day in panties without accidents. They didn't have to be naked all day to remember! I make it a point to take them about every hour when I'm home. And they sometimes go more on their own in between. So we more or less LIVE in the bathroom. But thats part of the progress, right?
Now I have red spots on my piece of paper and a sleeping man with a Sigma scarred across his bloodied forehead, chained helplessly to a pipe in the basement. He might not be able to seize the day, but he can sure seize the pipe. He has nothing but time to think about what I was trying to say. He didn’t understand Calculus, so he got common sense instead. It is a learning experience. When I finally do let him go, his grades are bound to get better.
U.S. Sen. Bob Casey (D., Pa.) is proposing a bill that would give the Social Security Administration access to FBI databases in order for caseworkers to conduct criminal background checks. It’s a start.
When Nyamare died all his property was taken by Mutandagavi for himself. He did not share with the sons of Chaitezvi. Chidziva and Chinamaringa complained about this and also opposed his succession to the chieftainship, saying that he was a bad man, as he did not want a person to pass through his home during the night because he thought that they were witchdoctors. When he saw a man passing through his home he used to ask his children to kill him.
The task at hand is finding a long lost son and nephew for two elderly African American ladies, one of whom is on the verge of passing on. To complicate matters, Lamont Gadsen has been missing for forty years in a plot angle that calls to mind the TV show Cold Case. He was known to be present during a 1967 Martin Luther King, Jr. rally in Chicago at which a young woman was killed. To aid V.I. in her hunt for the missing man, Paretsky introduces a much younger cousin, Petra, who happens to be in Chicago working on a political campaign.
Let 's Shine some light!
It is true that his vast wealth and extravagant spending do not always make for comfortable reading. However, other aesthetes such as Stephen Tennant and Lord Berners are viewed as merely eccentric and somehow endearing for their indulgences – and there is no reason why Jeffress should not be seen in a similar light.
Widmer Gasthaus
Don't hurt me!
I was cleaning out my wallet recently and discovered not one, but TWO Williams Sonoma gift cards. I'm never sure if gift cards in my wallet are used up, or still carry a balance, so I checked on these two and sure enough - they both had a balance! There are two things from W-S that I've had in the back of my mind for... quite some time now. One is their Gold Touch cake pans. I have the muffin tin and my cupcakes/muffins always come out flawless, so I've been wanting to slowly replace my current pans, as they age, with Gold Touch pans.
--"Yes."
Neither. Messy, unexpected, and increasingly complex.
To be reached by love
But listen to ‘Citizens for Bahrain’, a group that claims to have organised to spread unity among Bahrainis states on their website: “The deaths quoted by these organisations (Bahrain Centre for Human Rights and Press TV) include numerous people who died a matter of weeks after they supposedly inhaled teargas; in several cases, there were disputes with the doctors, family and the authorities about the death; and a number with complications related to asthma or genetic illness.” They continue: “If you take Press TV and Al Alam TV seriously — there have been no natural deaths in Bahrain over the last year and everybody who dies in sleep has been highlighted by these Iranian propaganda channels as ‘martyrs of the barbaric Saudi backed regime in Manama’.”
Vasquez; Kim Kardashian; Tamar Braxton and more…
- sweet patterned little cake plates
After that whole thing, Rachell LEFT ME D: Hahaha.
Saturday, May 12: Pigeon Island National Landmark – Alison Marquis Nonet featuring Andy Narell
Some very good things happened this year, thanks to a strange, leaderless, constantly morphing group of protestors. Who have only had the last three and a half months to make their mark!
The terracotta warriors in Xian was discovered in 1974 by a farmer, digging a well on his land. The site was opened to visitors in 1976 and declared a UNESCO world cultural heritage site in 1987. Current estimates are that the three pits contain about 8,000 soldiers, 130 chariots with 520 horses and 150 cavalry horses.
I have combined this with a few challenges -
Generally mentioned in the same breath as Nathan’s, at least by most New Yorkers is Sabrett, again with natural casing. One reviewer liked it almost as much as Nathan’s, but the other two were fairly cold on it, perceiving quite a difference. One reviewer thought the texture, although medium-firm, somehow felt wrong. Another reviewer was very pleased with the assertive garlickyness and spiciness of this dog. Even the two reviewers that were critical of it recognize that this is the classic “dirty water dog” throughout New York City and perhaps boils better than other brands. However, this was not a boiling survey.
only to meet the inevitable, the unavoidable
It's funny that the same questions come in waves sometimes. I am still trying to figure out how that coincidence happens. But for whatever reason, IHeart answering! So thank you to all that asked, here is a super quickie post about the excitement that is, Storage Container Storage.
2) Get over your stereotypes about the poor. There are few things more complicated than poverty, it is almost never simply a matter of someone making a stupid decision and that causing their poverty. There are almost ways additional complicating factors- family difficulties, language barriers, struggles to adapt to a new culture or job, etc.
Like many others regular cigar smokers, I love my Partagas. Generally full bodied, they consistently offer best value in my view vs. other more well-known brand (like Cohiba, but also Trinidad). However, the E2 is a bit different. It is certainly not as strong, which means that it is easier to enjoy also after a not too heavy meal... It is a very creamy and peppery smoke, getting stronger of course as you get closer to the top; I have no doubt that it will benefit from a bit more aging but in my view it is a great smoke already.
I think of him in certain lights, dawn, late afternoon,
I have a future to look forward to. There’s a light at the end of this tunnel.
Looking at the life of Caleb in Joshua 14:7 he was forty years old whenIsraelspied out the land. Then in verse10 forty-five years have past and Caleb wants his inheritance, which means to conquer the Anakims, the giants, the town ofHebron. Remember, he was now 85 yrs old. As you read Joshua chapter 15 you can see the result of his labours, total success as the Lord blessed him.
One: Recognize that you are in the C-zone
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to use knowledge in trying to solve my resistance instead of realizing that I can only be clear when no thoughts are running in my mind and I slow down to see where I am and what has to be corrected
We just had to tweak it a little to go with the "new" room.
Inspiration from yesteryear can take many forms :
This is one of my favorite songs right now. I love this truth so much. Hope you're encouraged by the words of this song.
“I was once rebuked by a Church of England clergyman for having described King Arthur as Welsh rather than English in one of my books. ‘Who do you think he was fighting against, then?’ I asked.
a "beverage". Told him I love to talk to myself, which
Flawless. Or so I thought. It'll make an impression AND he'll realize he forgot to toss the clothes in the laundry AND while pleasantly giggling to himself he'll go and do just that. Problem solved.
It was announced today that Pope Benedict XVI has personally donated $250,000 (£155,000) to support the work of the Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of Walsingham. This comes soon after the Apostolic Nuncio, Archbishop Antonio Mennini, asked the Bishops of England and Wales, meeting in Leeds last week, to “continue to be generous” to the Ordinariate. It also comes on the first anniversary of the beatification of Bl John Paul II and one of the present Holy Father's name days, the feast of St Joseph the Worker.
OK. I’m pretty much hooked on kirigami. Here are a few more of my creations made, for the most part, with the Christmas Kirigami template.
I've got to be honest and assumed that the chaos and shambles was a result of the band being young and inexperienced but clearly as the wiki bio shows this is far from the case. Probably best to leave judgement until I come across them again.
Katherine A. Shamel
“For us it gave us what we needed, tactically, attacking and defensively,” added Appiah.
I have 3 more canvases and I'm thinking of doing a triple canvas piece, you know the kind that carry over onto the next, like a triplet set. Anyway, I'll post some photos once I decide what to do :)
5-6 leaves of romaine (or any green of your choice)
2) When cooked, tear off white meat as if you’re making pulled chicken.
I love it when people send me stuff I can blog about. It makes all this so much easier. Today I got a great email from one Alejandro Zamudio who, along with a 'team of designers and fans of Philip K Dick,' have developed an 'electroluminescent shirt inspired by The Man in the High Castle.'
I think it is important that we first define what leadership is all about.
ABC News
Addendum.
blessed them” (Luke 24:50).
When I was a teen, the members of a club I belonged to hosted a baby shower for the woman who was our leader. I was shown how to make these cute diaper nut cups and have been making them every since for every baby shower I am involved with -- first grandbaby's is no exception.
Of course, we’re getting all this from Procopius, Belisarius’s secretary and friend, in Procopius’s Histories of Justinian’s wars – but his record isn’t contradicted, and the Vandal legions definitely show up in the century to come.
At the end of the day, it may be uncomfortable reading but I don't think we can ever remind ourselves too often of the evil that humanity has perpetuated in the past, especially when hatred and ignorance are still used as excuses to inflict pain on minority groups today. It really is well worth a read, whether you're already familiar with The Diary of a Young Girl or not, and I think it would make fantastic supplementary material for a high school project, for example. Dogar includes a brief epilogue at the end of the book explaining where and how each of the characters died, as well as a short bibliography which includes seminal works of Holocaust literature like Primo Levi's If This is a Man and Elie Wiesel's Night. Recommended.
Marks house is covered in collectibles and fun little toys. Him and Tallulah are sitting on the couch trying to order a pizza sandwich from Rustys, "they didn' discontinue it, no!!" Tallulah exclaims in her little Australian accent. She's wearing false eyelashes and a baggy T shirt. Mark realizes it might be dominoes. We interrupt the pizza to go over looks for the shoot and he talks about pullng from "Jeremy's line" (Jeremy Scott... I try to keep my mouth closed...) and Cass and I tell him about our different ideas. He takes us on a tour of his office and Tallulah jumps in the hammock, picturesque at all moments. Mark looks the same and he smiles at me, it's really nice to see eachother again.
The point I was making is that the Supreme Court is the final say on our Constitution and our laws, and all of us have to respect it, but it’s precisely because of that extraordinary power that the Court has traditionally exercised significant restraint and deference to our duly elected legislature, our Congress. And so the burden is on those who would overturn a law like this….
ps. i’m almost fifteen weeks! and sort of showing! update to follow soon; right now i have to go to an unpaid, three hour, mandatory meeting that i’m obviously really looking forward to. sigh.
i don't know what to do with that.
I'll keep you informed. If the basket shows up again, I'm planning on leaving a tongue depressor and some knee-highs next.
Then came the half hour long contemplation of who would play Kratos. The angry, overly-large, testosterone fueled hero. Not just ANYONE can play this guy. But then it dawned on me. Why not get Manu Bennett otherwise known as the guy who plays Crixus in Spartacus.
F ENGELBRECHT
Obviously, meaning isn’t only found in the arts. Take sports for example. Playing them or watching them, it creates community, and identity. If you’re good at a sport and really lucky, it can also be quite lucrative. But for every millionaire hockey player, there’s countless amateur athletes who live below the poverty line in order to excel in the sport they love. Tax dollars go to to development programs, and rightly so. They could probably even use more. But what you don’t hear is as much of a public outcry against this support.
Edith Wharton:
I became a Calder fan back when I was 11 years old. I had a wonderful art teacher — Miss Sappington — who ignited in me a lifetime love of art, especially impressionist, contemporary African America and modern. She was a Calder fan, and passed that love to me. The Hart Senate Office Building in Washington, D.C., has a lovely Calder hanging in it. Enjoy!
"Man, that seems cruel," I said.
There are a couple of talks this week--
I was unexpectedly overjoyed to intersect with all those in attendance again after so many years. Many of those present had also gone through elementary school with me, and I was so proud to see how we’ve navigated this road of life in our own separate ways.
"This was the way one lost one’s homeland. The first things lost were the sights, then the smells. Touch disappeared, and, of course, taste was quick to follow. Even the sounds of one’s own language, in a foreign place, evoked only nostalgia."The title of the novel also perfectly captures the core message. The Lotus Eaters refers to Homer's Odyssey where people ate lotus fruits on an island and fell into a peaceful sleepy apathy, never to return home. Similarly, once Helen gets a taste of Vietnam, she is unable to leave. Although The Lotus Eaters is not perfect- for example, there is quite a large chunk of time skipped about how exactly Helen and Linh pass the years which felt missing and incomplete- it is so incredibly beautiful that any flaws the reader may find can be easily forgiven. Although The Lotus Eaters may initially appeal to those already interested in the time period, as somebody who had never read about the Vietnam War before I was expertly drawn into the a different country and time. The novel is full of beautiful specifics, but what makes it so wonderful is that the larger themes like looking for love and trying to find where your home is, are completely universal. With The Lotus Eaters Tatjana Soli has written a debut which any reader should be compelled to pick up as they will effortlessly fall into the world Soli has created where the fictional and the real become blurred with complete beauty.
Well, darling, if you’re weary, lay your head upon my chest
Hello everyone… I hope you’re having a great week!
-Dead Guy Ale.
Cannot we find an alternative space? Is this like right-wing talk radio? Why can we not form an alternative space?
While I’m certain Senator Rockefeller’s sentiments are well intentioned, it should be noted that mining coal is an inherently dangerous job. Realistically, there can be no way to remove all danger from coal mining. The best that can be hoped for is exactly what Governor Joe Manchin stated:
When I come home from work, I usually strip off my jewelry and toss it in a decorative container on a table by the front door. The wooden container also collects things like lipstick, keys, cell phones, and sunglasses. Our curious kitten, Yoda, has found that the container is full of fun playthings.
I thought of Richard, and how he always wanted to be a few inches shorter “because most actors aren’t that tall.” Personally, I love every six feet and two inches of him.
This is all backstory. And it's backstory that kills this query letter. Why would I want to spend any time at all, let alone a couple hours in the company of a man who is clearly so despondent and reclusive? There's nothing here that catches my sympathy or my interest.
despite how sick she was, she was always happy and acted just like herself.
Homaygash!
Albert Einstein: Did the chicken really cross the road, or did the road move beneath the chicken?
“A Show of Hooliganism,” read a headline in the pro-government New Straits Times, which carried pictures of yellow-shirted protesters throwing sticks at police and kicking police cars. Najib said that police had been the main victims of the violence, but that any allegations of police brutality would be investigated.
Went into town to try and get Jordy a haircut. He is once again being mistaken for a girl! LOL! And his hair is a shambles. I actually hacked three big handfuls off the other day- he fought and screamed the whole time so it was seriously a grab and cut effort but it got out the worst of the dreads that were forming and the locks that he kept compaining about being in his eyes.... we've been trying to talk up the whole haircut experience for him cos he used to love them. But not anymore. And we could not get him into the salon chair today so have had to abandon the idea once again.
I almost missed boarding my flight cause I’m amazing. Don’t hate. I was sitting at another gate charging my phone and downloading a book to read on the flight.
“Yes, mate, T-Bone steak and a pint – Fifty cents.”
Renee waved to her on her way out the door with Malcolm right on her heels.
In a wide bowl, crush strawberries in batches until you have 4 cups of mashed berries. Place a small plate in the freezer. In a heavy bottomed saucepan, mix together the strawberries, sugar, and lemon juice. Stir over low heat until the sugar is dissolved. Increase heat to high, and bring the mixture to a full rolling boil. Boil, stirring often, until the mixture reaches 220 degrees. Remove the plate from the freezer and put a teaspoon of the jam on it, return it to the freezer for one minute. Draw your finger through the jam, if it stays in place, the jam is ready to be jarred. Transfer to hot sterile jars, leaving ¼ to ½ inch headspace, and seal.
iii. An official reprimand.
607 ***D-XII/29/1970. “On Death: One by One, Yet All Together.” Symposium on Death and Dying, sponsored by the Institute for Society, Ethics, and the Life Sciences, American Association for the Advancement of Science, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-2, above, pp. 214-21, 316-22 (1975).)
2. I need a vacation
3. If I could change one thing about my physical appearance I would swap my bushy eyebrows for the kind I get after a painful waxing.
Now that Sunset Music Festival has announced their complete line-up, I figured I’d give it to you the people. Pretty Lights, Crizzly, Alesso, Datsik, a LIVE Dirtyphonics set (epic), Tommy Trash, Morgan Page, moombah-pioneers Nadastrom, the ever-so-sexy Nervo twins and more will all be rocking Raymond James Stadium (‘s parking lot). Here’s what they posted today on Facebook.
and this week was just that.
The same is true concerning our feelings of inner security. If we have been programmed to believe that we are not safe alone in the world without our partner, we become a burden on him or her. (This is regardless of the fact that the other may get energy from our dependence.) This does not help either of us. We are denying our real selves, our real power, and our spiritual nature.
The look of the book is intriging in itself and I like the design of it. While I enjoyed reading this book, I was amazed how it kept me interested. I wanted to keep reading rather than put the book down. If you like a good fiction book, I suggest all pre-teens and early-teens finding the time for reading this book.
--Your preferred address
Vitamin B-Complex Factor – See Panthenol.
I haven’t put forth any opinion on Anne Hathaway simply because I know enough about actors to know what I don’t know. If it’s a bad actor (Katie Holmes) you can see a train wreck coming without knowing any particulars of the role. In all other cases, none of us out here have seen enough of most actors to know what they are capable of. You watch Mr. Mom, you would never dream Michael Keaton could play Bruce Wayne. You watch The Doors, you would never that dream Val Kilmer couldn’t. So good luck, Anne! I have already mentioned the je nes se qua of Selina, as I see her, is best seen in Jennifer Ehle’s Eliza Bennet. She is about 120% more alive than the rest of us, there is a core of fun, joy, and good humor that makes a perfect foil to the dour intensity of Mr. Darcy…
Natalie-Nicole Bates is a book reviewer and author. Her passions in life include books and hockey along with Victorian and Edwardian era photography. Natalie contributes her uncharacteristic love of hockey to being born in Russia. She currently resides in the UK where she is working on her next book and adding to her collection of 19th century post-mortem photos.
The custom bench I had made after a heart-breaking eBay auction loss. So happy that auction fell through because I love my custom version so much more AND it was almost $100 less. Love that.
Blob here today to tell you what I did. I got my picture taken in front of the white house! I was so excited, I just about tooted in my panties… no, not really lolz! here I am getting it taken toot free:
RIP Mr. Edwards.
The other great thing about these squares is the easy preparation. Everything comes together in minutes with your food processor then you simply press the dough into a prepared pan.
If one were to go to China, it would have a larger Chinese experience. Similarly, if we were to go to India.’
But I'm not talking about Jude, Downey or any other actor. I'm talking about Oprah and her choice of running Tuesdays with Morrie at 1 a.m. and my inability to turn the television off even when I got uncomfortable with the subject matter. And I wept. I wept for Hank Azira's character when he visited his favourite professor. I wept for the ideals he lost after graduation. I wept when Jack Lemmon's character entered into his final days with ALS. I wept at the goodbye.
IF you decide to call NET to ask them what is going on with your connection, they’ll take you through all the security questions you can imagine, before telling you that “Oh yes. It seems the line is cut. Would you like us to get it right for you?”
So, yes, we are an Elf on the Shelf house. (Boo, hiss) I know. I felt a few years ago it was a great idea. Now it is very mainstream. And even cliche, but it really works for a disagreeable tot. So Michael believes this sweet little elf, which he named Peter Elf, flies to the North Pole and gives Santa a dissertation on Michael's manners and Dylans's white-hot temper. And if they have been good, every morning they will find candy in their little Advent Calendar and will find Peter Elf in a new location in the house continuing to judge if the boys are going to make the 'nice' list this year.
Muslims are now demanding political power within the Leicester city council, as well as the freedom to wear their religious dress at work and to have halal food in the city hospitals. They are also seeking their own faith-based schools.
On our final Saturday night in Little Compton we had about 15 people staying in the house and we decided the best way to feed everyone would be a lobster bake. To get people hungry we started out with a guacamole competition between me and my friend Emily.
In Scorsese's film, I am supposed to believe that the doctors stuck Teddy on a boat with his fake partner, who is actually his doctor, and had it circle back to the island, where they let him pretty much take control of the whole facility so that he can find his way out of his own delusions. Now, this may make for a more superficially "thrilling" narrative, but it makes me wonder if it is actually the doctors who are truly insane. Perhaps, there may have been a better form of therapy that did not include Teddy blowing up Dr. Cawley's car or knocking out a guard with the butt of a rifle. Even more odd is that the facility's staff seem to be world-class performers, living their roles 24/7 like the best of Hollywood's Method actors. Were there auditions to pick the nurse that plays the part of Rachel Solando with all the intensity of Gena Rowlands? I am surprised that no one picked up that the big secret of "Shutter Island" is that it is actually "The Truman Show" with mental patients as extras.
The Right Brain: The feminine, the dreamer, the architect, the intuitive seer, the lover, the passion of life.
My favorite tech writing job was in a communications office where I edited news releases, posted them to the web site, interviewed and wrote stories for the employee newsletter, and helped prepare presentations and speeches. There was never a dull moment, that’s for sure.
The sun looks like it might shine today which would be lovely. We've had tastes of the gray and wet of winter already, but I am just not quite ready for it to settle in permanently yet (am I ever?)
Tim has worked on blade rerasearch, and efficiency and renewables.
8. Decent stories.
In addition to my new sock yarn and shirts, I came home with approximately eleventy thousand ideas for dyeing yarn. My dear friend Jane, she who is responsible for encouraging me to set foot on this path to yarny addiction, had given me a big box of fiber dyes some years ago. I got into them, starting Googling for instructions and dug out my book on dyeing. Most of these dyes are over 20 years old, but a very nice (and helpful) guy named Jesse at Cushing's Dyes tells me that shelf life is not an issue, and I should be OK using them to dye yarn. Sooo I've got four skeins in the pre-soak stage, and I'm about to begin some mad experimentation with colors and technique.
They did a really good job up until the end. Maks slipped and fell and it threw off the whole ending. I agree with Bruno about the quicker parts of the dance – she looked like she was hanging on for dear life. But the best part of the whole thing was the nasty looks Len gave Carrie Ann and Bruno for their scores!
My love for my neighbours binds all things together in perfect unity! Amen!
“From humble beginnings we built our empire”
New Labour - the UK's local social democratic elites - intended devolution to be the permanent denial of power to the centre right ( the Conservatives here); they must bitterly regret the regionalisation and other mechanisms they put in place to safeguard themselves against democracy that have now fallen to the centre right. Pity they failed to safeguard themselves against putting up wrong'uns and throwing away the loyalty, conviction and hard work of social democracy's supporters.
What are small things for some,
Super Junior ranked first with their song “Mr. Simple” for 37 weeks in a row on popular Taiwanese music site KKBOX Korean music Top 100 chart.
Spire Publishing will provide a design assessment, an ISBN and barcode for the author to include on their own created cover files, legal deposit and registration, title set-up with Lightning Source, non exclusive rights, an option for a paperback or hardback edition, bulk discounts on author copies over 50, and five or three author copies (depending on paperback or hardback edition). This package does not include distribution, but for an additional £80, an author can avail of the Print Ready Plus package which adds in on line distribution, wholesale database registration, as well as library cataloguing, biannual sales and royalty reports.
Viola! Doesn’t that look much cleaner/better? It made cleaning really easy! The Soft Scrub Total Kitchen can even be used upside down! Yay! It can even be a foam or spray! It’s a multi-use cleaner! I also liked that it has a light lemon scent. It makes the whole kitchen look and smell better!
I rushed over to Del and failed to notice at the time how he kind of backed away as he saw he coming. Then I showed him my tits. Needless to say, he was not impressed, but rather, looked freaked out. I imagine he was thinking, “Now see, this is why I fucking hate being famous. Damn bitches always thrusting their tits in my face.”
I love the vibrant colors in this next grouping of fabrics but I also love how it's balanced with simple black & cream elements. Could be very cute as a playroom rather than a nursery. The Italian blocks alphabet print in the upper left (so cute, could you die?!) would be fabulous framed as artwork.
He obviously hadn’t met very many Pyrenean Mountain Dogs! As I munched on my treat, I planned how I was going to train him to hand over the whole biscuit straightaway in future.
7:Miguel Cabrera- Crushes Hochevar
So it looks like Curtis Sliwa of Guardian Angels fame has jumped on the Trayvon-o-mania bandwagon, with full support from the rapacious reality reversers at Amerika's newspaper of record.
When you’re done sharing this with them, remind yourself…
Alan Ayling aka Alan Lake.
Pick #4
Okey dokey. So I guess I've made an enemy. Ah, well.
Man, remember when you were in college and a hangover would last a couple hours and even then an aspirin and some water would largely take care of it? Now, it takes me two days to recover. Even with the casserole.
Balla was best known as leader of the wonderful Guinean orhestra from the Syliphone era Balla et ses Balladins. Born in Macenta, he started his career as a musician in Kankan and subsequently was sent to the Dakar conservatoire (musical college) on a scholarship. In 1959 he joined the Syli Orchestre National, where his talent, not just as a trumpet player, but also a leader, caught the eye of the authorities of the young republic. When the Syli orchestre was split up, he was put in charge of one of the sections. This section played at the Jardin de Guinée, a bar dancing, which I am told exists until this day.
2a) The first one can be whatever you want.
John fell deeply in love with Anna in the very same years his vision dramatically declined. Those of you fortunate enough to know her, know about the magic. Anna helped John leave regret and blame behind. She helped him turn vulnerability into strength. He became more outgoing not less, as together they explored the pleasures of senses other than sight—they hiked trails in national parks notable for plants with particularly strong scents; they walked the beaches of Truro John loved so much in bare feet; they listened and danced to music from around the globe at Body Choir, in their living room, and most recently in the hospital in Houston. They made the tastes of good food and good wine and the special sounds of intimate conversation an essential part of each day. At one of the hundreds of dinner parties at their beautiful cottage on 35th, St. to which they regularly welcomed friends and in the cosy little nook of their kitchen where they ended most days in a leisurely two hour meal. As the musicality of their coupled names suggest, “John and Anna” formed an exquisite partnership. Their passion and deep respect for one another was always apparent: in the way they spoke about each other; the way they held hands at dinner parties, in the multiple phone calls during the day just to say “I love you.”
(Face really bad nausea now, but I must stay strong for the baby)
The poster pictured above, from the 1966 film “One Million Years B.C.” was the best selling poster of the 1960′s.
Kellogg’s Special K Protein Shake 4pk or bar 6pk 2/$12
the creak of door as it opens mornings
whatever you conceive Him to be.
You can contact Abigail to ask any questions or discuss any element of how the project works, or what types of activities have been successful in the past.
Needless to say, America has changed from those days of 1948. If you saw a twelve-year-old kid with a rifle standing in front of a filling station today, you’d call out the National Guard and probably with good provocation. The kid would be standing in the middle of a pile of bodies.
So I generally agree with No-Cry Discipline more than Happiest Toddler.
To find your weight in kilograms, multiply your weight in pounds by 0.45. For example:
There is a door to the temple. At either side of the door is a guardian. Tall and unmoving.
For this reason the law protected them from themselves and adults who may take advantage of them, she said.
In high school, one of my best friends had red hair. (At that time, I was a blond.) She swore up and down that redheads could absolutely not wear pink, red, or orange because it would clash with their tresses. I respectfully disagree. I wear lots of pink and red (and a little orange) and I love the way it looks with my hair. But perhaps that’s because I don’t have a true, carroty color. I happily wore red and orange today, and will be wearing pink tomorrow.
But perhaps we don’t need to go so far from the everyday to see the emergence of new transvidual, posthuman subjectivities. Occupy Wall Street has provided us with a low tech new way of speaking: the human microphone. For those new to this concept, it’s incredibly simple. Protesters in New York’s Zucotti Park had to organize, yet there was a ban on amplified speech in the park. The solution was simple, the human mic. Someone in the center of the group says ‘mic check!,’ and everyone says this that can hear it. This then goes further back, rippling in ‘generations’ to carry the speech as far as needed. At some points, there has been reported situations at these protests in which there were four generations of speech at play! For a single generation version, here’s a video clip of the always entertaining Slavoj Zizek:
So begins uploading them........I completed a lot of the challenges this month so yep get a cuppa.....
I just recently bought Dragon Age 2, and really liked the game, but my computer was about 2 years old, and the graphics card wasn't the top of the line at the time, so of course I had to crank the graphics WAY down to play. Still choppy. So I finally bit the bullet and ordered a new computer.
Santorum: Mitt Romney authored a government
(when time from time shall set us free)
Q:I want to walk from Perth to Sydney - can I follow the railroad tracks? ( Sweden )
I needed to get up on top of a roof, to fix a leak, but it was a long way up, and having tried it off the big ladder, and discovered there was no way to secure the ladder, so it kept sliding sideways as I tried to step off the top, onto the parapet, I'd almost abandoned the job... But Steve, driver of the big green thing, happened along and said "I can put you where you need to be".
Adapted from Soap Opera Digest
Into my ear when I’m drench in loneliness
Twas the eve before Christmas eve and all through our condo*,
I am the first to recognize Tolstoy’s genius but I don´t understand why he creates such a marvelous dashing character like Prince Andrei Bolkonsky in War and Peace, just to make him unhappy, and finally kill him. To me, War and Peace ends with Bolkonsky´s death. I don´t care about dense Pierre or fickle Natasha. I can’t share their happiness since it is based in Andrei´s departure. The author must have realized his blunder because he ends his novel, not in Pierre and Natasha´s domestic bliss, but in Bolkonsky´s son vowing to grow up to be worthy of his father.
I love that you love me to the moon and back sixtyseventy times,
If you're seriously interested in knowing about Accessories Hill, you need to think beyond the basics. This informative article takes a closer look at things you need to know about Accessories Hill.
She tells me that the night is young and that maybe we could have some fun,
An applicant may opt to provide written consent to the filing of a protest by the third party, thus shifting the explanation burden back to the third party.
How many times a day a fresh face cleans up the mirrors so they stay spotless not staining the reflecting image..
Walked in Line
By Megan von Ackermann, Missing in Iraq, March 24, 2006
I was tempted by the £2.10 pint offer for the IPA, muted in its hoppiness I thought, light in everything. Started to wish I'd tried the Caledonian or Smiles. The pub however are advertising that soon they will also be serving direct from the cask ciders and ales.
BUT the second part didn’t work out: Instead of rebundling those loans and passing them on to small businesses to stimulate investment, THOSE banks redeposited the funds with the ECB. Riffing off the famous “Jaws” quote (“We’re gonna need a bigger boat”), the July 2010 Global Market Perspective captured the great-white fear circling the lending sector via the following chart of commercial banks’ usage of the ECB’s Deposit Facility and wrote:
PO Box 274
Work is busy-flu season is about to begin,I am jabbing everyone who walks near me, so be warned...
For me: the crab burger. A classically seasoned crab cake topped with sweet slaw and nestled between two soft, sour buns. Sided with steak cut fries (the only way to cut fries, according to Josh), anyone who knows me knows I was forced to request more ketchup.
When I moved to Tallahassee in the northern corner of the state to attend college, it didn’t get much better. I did finally see my very first snow flurry but still had to endure my entire freshman year on the top floor of an un-air-conditioned dorm. Fortunately, we were all so cool that it didn’t matter. My only outdoor camping experience to this day came during a worse-than-normal heat wave when we hauled our mattress out on the grass to sleep. The washer women who handled our bed linens loved us for that one.
when I'm done with school (that would be in about 5 1/2 weeks).
Have a great Hump Day tomorrow ladies!!!
Go Camping
The book Icefire by Chris d’Lacey is a page tuner. It has it all. In this book, there are four main characters – David, Liz ,Zanna, Lucy. David and Zanna have to uncover the secrets of Gawain’s fire tear. When David makes a wish on his wishing dragon G’reth, something terrible happens to Liz . And someone comes who’s not who they seem they are. It’s up to David, Zanna, and Lucy to save her and themselves. In the end, this was a great book.
It was very simple and fun to make this - and would make a great gift for anyone on your list this year. The dimensions on this ornament or 2" x 3" so it is a great size- not to big or to small- just right!
Karma is not always instant: sometimes it takes a long, long time to work its way back to where it belongs.
We know missionaries who've chosen a variety of different routes as far as birthing babies over here, everything from home births to the western hospitals of Nairobi, Kenya. For us there was one guiding factor: epidurals. With my last birth experience an epidural became both desired and advised after I'd labored 20 hours and was sitting pretty at 5cm. I realize this labor could be faster and different in many ways and I may not need one, but from the beginning I was set on choosing a location where an epidural is at least available. Any place here that has epidurals will also have more medical expertise and equipment available in the case of complications, something that makes both Carson and I much more comfortable. This narrowed the choices to Nairobi, Kenya and Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. We immediately liked the idea of going to Dar. Because it is in Tanzania we don't have to wait on the baby's passport before returning to Geita. We've been there a couple of times so we're much more familiar with the restaurants, stores, and things to do. There is also a doctor in Dar who we've seen on a few different occasions and like.
Now that I've prefaced a really awesome band's post with my self-loathing and negativity, let's get started.
The six o'clock sun dove towards the ocean through the thick curtain of fog floating just above, soon getting all red in the face like an overinflated balloon. Silhouettes of palm trees and the Ferris wheel reached high enough into the deepening blue sky you could feel they leaned over you for a peek at all the excitement and yelling. Shadows formed and air cooled when we found a courtyard with less people and more music, coming from impromptu stages. The band was on maximum volumes and it felt good, as if balancing the excess from everywhere else, while setting up contrast in excessive beauty. The last golden ray of the sun reached the lead singer's tender face, full of dream and longing, dotted with tattoos and piercings, contorted one minute, still another, like morning dew smoothing onto the inexplicable wrinkles of a young leaf. She stepped to the microphone, breathing life into chrome and steel. Behind her, the guitarists draped in tattered jeans, spiked hair and tattoos leaped across the stage drumming out chords that transcended differences.
CL 1866
It means running a total of 37 miles in the next two days. A bit of a challenge, but an achievable one perhaps. I’m meant to be running 6 miles with Twinkle Toes tomorrow anyway, so I thought why not add on about 20 miles to do 26(.2) miles on Friday. Then I’ll do the remaining 11 or so miles on Hogmanay morning.
2 medium slices of good quality white bread, crusts removed, torn into pieces
There were many times like this when I was younger — when I was made to see just how much bigger I was than “normal.” The thing is, it happened in my adult life, too. Personally, my obesity never was my defining characteristic or even something I paid attention to on a daily basis. Perhaps if I ignored it, it would go away all by itself? But there were times when it definitely got in my way of leading a “normal” life and doing the things I wanted — or was asked — to do.
Ink: Stazon Jet Black, Stampin Up Island Indigo, Tangerine Tango, Ruby Red, Garden Green, Close to Cocoa, and Crumb Cake;
Also, Predictions for this weeks fantasy playoffs match ups are as follows (Winners in bold) :
To rally peacefully is a democratic right of every citizen in the country. The rally would not have turned horrid if the police had restrained from provoking the jovial protestors who were there in good faith.
5:30 am CEST May 6th (Paris)
Nibble - Yummiest!
I also was very busy with getting 39 cards off to Jennifer McGuire for a Drive they have been doing for the last few years, Cards that Care, where in they collect Christmas cards to send to the seniors that don't have family in Nursing homes and such, check it out, the drive is over now, but keep it in mind for next year, I work on them through out the year for this drive. So I was busy filling in and writing in each card, so that took me some time.
“Hello?” he says, “Are you still there?”
By faith in the name of Jesus, this man whom you see and know was made strong.
After the assumed collapse of the dollar?
The first question has to be: how many pairs of marigolds do you get through a year, on average?
“What do you think of the name ‘John Smith’?” I ask.
I have to apologize to you: shouldn't have waited so long on this one. If you like schwarzbier, get out and give this one a shot. It's 5.6% ABV, and quite tasty.
One of the better birds for us that morning was an Eastern Phoebe, which I imagine is quite common in New York but not at all common around here.
Christmas is the season where words like joy, peace and love are bantered around like Christmas candy. Let’s not take them as just words, but as truth. Let’s be like Mary and embrace God’s favor on our lives. Boldly declare "He’s done great things for me!”
The project asks the question: Might super-eruptions actually be products of multiple, closely spaced eruptions through time? With improved temporal resolution, in times to come, maybe super-eruptions will be not quite so super.
Hindered by her scandalous, figure-hugging dress, the Wilder stumbled as she followed him down the slope. "You didn't answer my question."
The second is that, for those who did attend, this show gave us the BEST feedback we have ever received for any show we’ve done. From reviewers to seasoned theatre goers to college students to those familiar with our work, the response was overwhelming and effusive. All of the response we had seen at the Steppenwolf production — the startled silences, gasps and exclamations — were all there for us. People we didn’t know hugged us afterwards. They thanked us for producing this unusual and dangerous play. One of our great driving forces in deciding to produce this show was the desire to give other audiences the experience we’d had in Chicago and between those reactions and seeing the looks on the faces as they exited the theater night after night, we knew we had done just that. For this show was not a product, it was an experience — unlike anything we had done before — feeding reviews that called it “not everyday theatre” and “a rare and excellent entertainment experience.” We consider it the best work we’ve ever done, both individually and as a company, due in no small part to the amazing work of the designers and performers we collaborated with on this production. It was a truly wonderful group to work with!
I know eating meat is cruel. And worse, I am actively contributing to it. People who bleat about killing a cow in a "humane" way are just making excuses for themselves. No cow ever grew up and thought, "Hey I'd like to die with a spike through my neck!"
#5 Christian Stracke, the head of credit research for Pimco: "This is just a repeat of what we saw in 2008, when everyone wanted to see toxic assets off the banks’ balance sheets"
I was the newest of the class, and there were two other ladies who just started last week. We three stood in the back as not to get in any one's way and trip them...
Here is just one of the houses I took a photo of while I visited Sullivan's Island. Can't you just imagine sitting on one of these porches (or do you call them verandas) and sipping ice tea and whiling away the hours?
The more women were infatuated with him, the more respect and admiration they laid on his doorstep, the more his resentment, hatred and vitriol seemed to fester.
Even though I know it may not last, I refuse to think about it. I am only enjoying it. Stay in the day, that's my motto.
Train and Grow
“KILL IT WITH FIRE!” is a meme that appears to have had a short burst of popular in the year 2007, before regaining popularity in 2008. It is usually said in response to something so extremely unpleasant, that the only thing you want to do is destroy it. Most people would agree that fire does a pretty good job of destroying things.
Then the shaking subsided.
I gave you my all, my everything
You're probably wondering: when do the cupcakes come into the picture? Fear not, they are here. The first cupcake-related thing that comes to my mind when I hear the words New and York is Magnolia Bakery. So I guess it makes sense that it was the first bakery I visited, even though I found it by accident.
All this was said, you will remember, about a crime which never occurred, and which Nifong must have known probably never occurred. He certainly must have known there was no evidence it occurred, apart from the accuser's ever changing account of events. At one point The dancer claimed she had been attacked by 20 men, at others she said five and later three men had raped her. In a further account she said the second dancer had assisted in the rape, whilst at another time she alleged that the second dancer had also been assaulted.
What Should Go On the Grill?
Katharine Hepburn Stage Door
If you stopped by for tea, I'd have the kettle steaming and the mugs ready upon your arrival. As soon as your coat was hung up and we had taken a few minutes to hug and say hello, we'd make tea to our preferences and head for the living room. Tea with friends is best enjoyed on the comfort of cushions. We'd snuggle close, take a few sips and get into the sharing of it all.
I took off pretty hard at the start. Although this was a flat course, the first mile was ever so slightly downhill. My Garmin was showing paces around 7:30, which I knew was too fast and not sustainable. But I thought I'd go with it and see how long I could hang on. Mile 1 was 7:47...probably the fastest full mile I've run this year (sad, I know). In mile 2 I settled down somewhat and I think that one was around 8:15. Probably where it should be.
Johnny Horton was born John Gale Horton on 30 April 1925 in Los Angeles, and raised in Rusk, Texas. His life story is fascinating and you can read it by clicking here. He told people of his premonition of death, saying that he saw himself being killed in an accident by a driver who was intoxicated, which is exactly how he died on 5 November 1960. Johnny's version of The Battle Of New Orleans was issued on Columbia 41339 in 1959:
THE WHOLE CUPCAKE
“Will NYU pay out any cash in exchange for becoming the sole Member of the corporation which owns the assets...?” the alumni asked.
Some are more than capable of living independent lives, but others may need a lifetime of specialist support.
Angel Baltar: “But the question remains – does all of this have to happen again?”
On this date in 1509, Henry the Seventh, the first Tudor king died, leaving his seventeen year old son Henry as king of England. Henry was a middle son, and everyone assumed his older brother Arthur would ascend the throne, but Arthur died at the age of 15, leaving a somewhat older widow, Katherine of Aragon, the daughter of Ferdinand and Isabella of Christopher Columbus Fame. In order to keep peace between England and Spain, the marriage between Arthur and Katherine was ruled to have never been consummated, and Henry was maneuvered into marrying Katherine, eight years his senior…a bit of political chicanery that, over the years, caused no end of problems, and lost England for the Catholic church. The way to remember Henry’s Six Queens is to list their fates: “Divorced, Beheaded, Died, Divorced, Beheaded, Survived.” Divorced Katherine of Aragon, Beheaded Anne Boleyn, Jane Seymour died after giving birth, Anne of Cleves was kind of a bad idea, and amicably divorced, Katherine Howard was executed for Adultery, and Katherine Parr survived her kingly husband. Henry was a remarkable king, well educated, cultured, an author and a composer, although it’s generally believed he didn’t write ‘Greensleeves’ as some suggest. He was ALSO, in his later years, deservedly the monstrous character and gross presence that history remembers. It’s possible he suffere from undiagnosed and untreated type two diabetes, which would explain the persistent and unhealed ulcer on the king’s once-muscular leg. When Henry died, legends say the body stayed in the kings bedroom for several days while servants continued to deliver food and maintain the illusion that the king was still alive…until this inevitably became impossible due to decomposition. He was buried in a lead coffin at St George’s Chapel in Windsor castle, next to Jane Seymour, who bore him his only surviving, legitimate son, little Edward, who, became King at 9 Years of Age, and Died at 15.
cakre vīryāṇy ataḥ param
The appeal of a black-and-white theology is that there is a straight answer for everything. There are neat categories. There is order, and we Presbys love us some order. There is comfort in knowing what is right and what is wrong, who is in and who is out, where the line in the sand is and which side we’re on.
Boy, I'm chatty.
giving and taking, and caring for each other.
Uncle Will and Aunt Mary Tapper came out from Chicago tonight.
and that girl you kissed under the bleachers.
Shape the dough into 1 inch balls and place on cookie sheet, flatten the balls slightly and bake in a 350 degree oven for 9 to 10 minutes. Cool on a wire rack.
- Connect: USDLA Connect will keep you connect to members of USDLA
- This is one of the most durable dog toys you can buy, and it's very versatile. You can throw it, bounce it or fill it with treats. Your dog can fetch it, chew it or chase it. It never gets boring and it's made to stand up to your dog's active play. People who have had disappointing results with other toys are very pleased with the durability of the Tux.
I realize now that I should have been projecting all of these feelings onto the Occupy Wall Street movement. At least then I would have been accomplishing something, even if there are still many that claim that that movement has accomplished absolutely nothing yet. I believe that they’re obviously wrong, but they won’t believe it until there are concrete policy changes or property damage. Of course, the kinds of people that are quick to disregard OWS are also the kind that wish for the property damage, or the anarchistic sect of OWS’ sudden outpouring of rage against the machine that subjugates us all.
When I went up the next morning she wasn't moving at all. I called Saigie at her dad's and broke the news because I didn't want her to return home to a missing critter.
I’m trying to listen to God more in this area of my life. How is He asking me to pour out to my friends, family, and classmates? What can I sacrifice to be Christ to someone in that moment?
Thank you for calling in to see me . Thank you if you left a comment to let me know you have been .And I hope you liked the card .
Laneige Perfect Renew Skin Refiner
We have a lot going on this start of the week, so we might as well go on.
Poor St. Joseph is still orbiting. The problem is that he's so small and anywhere else he gets lost! It's a true tribute to his humility- he's off to the side, but ever-present.
- place the chicken into an roasting dish, scatter the veg around and within, place the thyme inside the cavity, season and then wrap tightly in foil.
I took the day before Thanksgiving off this year to hang out with my son and do some baking. I knew I wanted to make coconut macaroon cookies, but I also wanted to make a pie for Thanksgiving. After all, Thanksgiving just isn’t Thanksgiving without some kind of pie. We aren’t terribly fond of plain pumpkin pie at our house so I was looking for an alternative.
A Letter To The Owner Of The Los Angeles Times
The journal is now seeking submissions for the first issue, the focus of which will be ‘MAPS AND MARGINS’. For this issue, we are keen to receive papers that deal with ideas of space, place, mapping, journeying, and discovery. We want to explore notions of mapping from the physical to metaphysical and metaphorical, and to cast light upon margins of the self and society – within the page, beyond the page, or beyond the map. To be considered for this issue, papers must be received by 30 JUNE 2012.
"Seriously, Rel, what's got into you?" Dora's words chased him, sharp but laced with concern, as if it was he, not she, who suffered the unknown effects of Wilder meddling. "It's just a question. You're acting as if you've something to hide."
Right lads, well done all and the 12th man, the Stoke supporters and lets concentrate on getting to 41pts and Premiership safety.
& stops need flow but oh oh oh
Sentiment is from penny black and stamped with memento bahama blue.
Football pro Mick Riley is an all-star, both on the field and in the bedroom. But a sexy, determinedly single mom just might be the one to throw him off his game...
I will contact you with the next two images when they are ready. :)
I tried to get you to sing Rock a Bye Baby too - but you prefer to hold your baby doll while singing that song. I love how you sort of mumble most of the words then yell out CRADLE at the appropriate times - adoreable!
I hope Marci enjoys Dreaming of Mr. Darcy as much as I did - it was a wonderful book! I'm still running a bit behind on my reviews, but I hope to have one up of this book within the next week. Stay tuned!
D.H: She sing good. Okay, big coin toss, and Patriots win it!
“when I have a kid, I want them to grow up with people like you as parents.”
Ah well. Let's hope for better.
this is my absolute favorite personality picture of him.
The 2 points for a win system would have produced a bronze medal for Japan whilst Hungary slip down 2 places despite winning more games in regulation than both Great Britain and Japan. The Ukraine would still have been regulated but this time only by a point.
Many cine buffs accede films like The Godfather, The Empire Strikes Back, and Psycho to be "perfect films," earning the accepted four (out of four) brilliant ratings about accustomed to films of their caliber, admitting continued lists of chain errors and abstruse goofs. Heck, even Citizen Kane, universally hailed as "the greatest blur of all time," has its own annual of flubs to claiming its abode at the top of the list. If blur critics are acceptable to abundance such acclaim on technically amiss movies, shouldn't we admission video bold critics the aloft privilege? Afterwards all, a ten-out-of-ten bold is like a admired one: you apperceive they accept flaws, but you adulation them so abundant it doesn't matter.
In a glimpse then, we see that marketing a product in Spain is almost the complete opposite to the methods we are accustomed to in the United States. Most Americans would look for a large car with gaudy styling that they can drive off the lot the very same day. Advertising for the product would be in your face, claiming it to be the best car money can buy and touting all of its superior features. In Spain though, this approach would be ridiculed and almost certainly fail. We needed to begin by throwing out all of our previous conceptions and start from scratch. Instead, we have a small, graceful car void of unnecessary features that rarely are used. Our selling and advertising approach will appeal to the groupthink mentality of the Spanish, and will incorporate subtle, implicit language. Like a puzzle pieced together then, we have assembled a marketing strategy that we feel incorporates the values of the Spanish culture and has the potential for success within their market.
Jim Sinclair, president of the B.C. Federation of Labor, said Canadian workers are facing a similar nightmare of unionbusting attacks by the B.C. provincial government and Harper. Canada is in the midst of a national election set for May 2 with Harper, now heading a minority government seeking to win majority control of parliament.
In the meantime, I haven't really wanted to eat anything. After all, food isn't very good if one has no sense of taste. But, today, the thought of tomato soup was enough to make me take up my bed and walk... all the way to the kitchen... Since commercial soups seem to have high fructose corn syrup added, I opted to make my own. This is what I made:
1 c. raisins
Most recently in Mississippi, for example, a news story claims that pro-life groups want to collect signatures for a yet unwritten personhood ballot initiative for the 2013 election. The report claims that the personhood folks are working on changing some of the language that concerned voters during last year’s voting, and that “certain fertility procedures” would be outlawed if this were to pass. How only certain ones would be illegal, I do not know, but something is amiss.
you into safety, close my eyes
Constantine (Gus) Economos, 41, New York, N.Y.
Jainism was then founded and followed suit with the embracement of non violence, and this in turn had a profound influence on a man named Mahatma Gandhi, undoubtedly the largest modern day proponent of ahimsa. He redefined the term to include “peaceful resistance” when it came the political unrest and instability seen during the time of Partition when the British were successful in breaking apart Greater India and forming the country of Pakistan. This created a mass exile of many Hindus and Muslims from the only homes they had known for decades. When violence broke out over the issue, he went on a hunger strike to bring it to an end instead of inciting military reaction. When a radical Hindu shot and killed him, blaming him for being too passive on the issue of Partition, the words on Gandhi’s lips weren’t those of anger, revenge or even fear. “Ram, Ram.” A perfect illustration of how he took ahimsa to heart. Chanting the name of his God on his lips as he died so that Ram would whisper the secret to life into his ears on his dying breath. He took to heart and lived the verse in the Mahabharata, “Not harming other beings is certainly recognized as superior to all other forms of dharma.”
“Say What?” is an interactive presentation that challenges participants to bridge the communication gaps that impact health literacy, especially due to education, language, culture and sensory challenges. Health literacy is the ability to obtain, understand and use basic health concepts, information and services in functional ways that enhance health. Presenter Chris Tittel takes health literacy into consideration every day in his role as public information officer and marketing director for the Monroe County Health Department. Health literacy is key to effective public relations and marketing, especially when researching, drafting and editing press releases, communicating one-on-one with members of the media and the general public and knowing where to refer anyone in need of particular services. “Say What?” also offers tips and tools that can help anyone working in the health care setting communicate more effectively with the general public, clients and each other.
We say hallowed, but allowed,
“Hey,” her mother said while peeking her head in the room and removing her jacket. “How you feeling?”
I forget everything
Some of you may have noticed that you haven't seen any updates from Cake Wrecks in a few days and I wanted to give you a heads up. On Friday night, Cake Wrecks moved to a new host and will no longer be publishing on blogspot. So, if you'd still like to receive updates from us, simply change the settings in your blogroll to read cakewrecks.com or cakewrecks.squarespace.com instead of cakewrecks.blogspot.com. That's it!
In the beginning, Adam was instructed to earn the bread by the sweat of his brow—not Eve. Contrary to conventional wisdom, a mother’s place is in the home!
I scrapbook for many reasons-to preserve memories, to make my kids remember I always care about them, to have MY time when I need it, to keep in touch with all my scrap-friend all over the work.
That’s it from me today. Have you checked out my new travelogue From India. With Love. yet? If not, click over and take a look. With my upcoming move to India to volunteer a lot of people have been calling/telling me I'm inspiring and brave so I did a post this week on Courage. It took me a while to write and it's one of my blog posts that I’m particularly proud of. I would love your feedback and to hear what you think about it and on courage in general.
EasyMeme is one of a flood of apps catering to the creatives, and you can add heavy customization to the finished article. It’s fairly easy to use and navigate, and although it will set you back 99 cents, it gives you free reign to spread your comedic wings.
I was told by etsy that "The letter stated that these listing(s) incorporate designs or symbols or language or images or photographs that infringe upon the concerned party's copyright or other intellectual property right." So I can't use language that infringes upon another person's intellectual property. Well, as all my cards feature quotes by other people, I might as well just take the whole thing down! Heaven forbid I'm moved and inspired by something someone else said and want to incorporate it into what I do!
2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped
and I respect every of your decision.
I love love and I don’t apologize for it.
It is me I am missing and fearing to be near
At 12.30pm tomorrow, a massive gathering will come together at The Cross to say “no” to Boundary Commission proposals to “rip the heart” out of Gloucester.’
But it’s not all war and mecha; Relena Peacecraft, a young girl who encounters Hiiro early in the series, provides the evolving civilian perspective of the war. Her priviliged upbringing is constantly put to the test as the war progresses, and as a respected member of Earth’s upper-class, the ramifications of her many choices as a politician on Earth reverberate throughout space. Her struggle between trying to force action while remaining a devout pacifist is a conflict all its own, showing that you don’t have to be seated in the cockpit of a mobile death suit to be swept into the horrors of war.
Now, although EPUB is the standard by which the industry operates, not all e-book retailers use it (and those who do generally modify the files they receive from publishers or individuals to suit their particular standards). This is why e-books often look different from device to device.
When women report only having symptoms or having increased symptoms at monthly intervals that coincide with their menstrual periods, many doctors will recommend adjusting or adding medication to reduce inflammation selectively just before and during the period. The rationale for this short-term adjustment is that the immune system may be temporarily more active as women’s hormone levels change during their periods. The additional medication can frequently help to avoid the symptom roller coaster that affects many women with arthritis.
My stilettos will not float
"The Weary Kind" - Crazy Heart
I die cut a cupcake out of Hibiscus Burst cardstock, stamped the cupcake in white craft ink and added a little button with some hemp tied through it. I adhered the cupcake to the card with foam tape. Super simple, and super fast!
So its finally the weekend! Yay unfortunately I have to work today (less fun) and my boyfriend is going out of town (way less fun) and I have to study for my last two finals, get ready for a presentation for this historic vignette we had to make and finish a portfolio! Not to mention its mothers day weekend! I’ll be honest I have just been a slackerdoodle this week and now I am regretting it because I have soooo much to do.
Stamped on Cryogen White by Cut Card Stock, DP Melody by Prima, Labels Five from Spellbinders Nestabilities, Ribbon - charm - lace from my stash, Machine stitch.
As I stepped out of the outhouse yesterday afternoon, I heard large animals moving through the trees, about 50 yards to my left. I stepped forward, trying to see what it was, and heard a coyote yip. I shouted at Lu to come out of the camper, and saw four very large deer bounding away, arcing around camp. The coyote yipped more, and I tracked its chase in my head, listening to the periodic yips.
Shystie was the last to perform and she shut it down sending the small club crazy, after the night had finished we got Wipz and Shystie together to do a quick freestyle for UGX.
Though reconciliation with the Taliban was high on the agenda of Bonn Conference, no breakthrough was expected. Pakistan’s support and cooperation is indeed vital, as the Afghan Government or the US cannot approach militant leaders who are hiding in Pakistan. Rawalpindi has significant influence on the Haqqani Network and Quetta Shura. But they have not indicated to cooperate on this, and mere participation in Bonn will not ensure that.
Watch for a ton of good deals being added all week!
So what I did was, I sent my cam to the service center (I won’t tell you where it IS, a’ryt) because the rubbah grip’s worn out. Completely OUTTA d’ system and that’s it! So I need to wait for two weeks (wait, 14 working days) before it is again, refurbished.
But if you slap a confusing copyright message along the lines of "Don't use anything on this blog without my permission," you instantly make viewers nervous.
They're not. Nor are they violent, as the media and film industry would have you believe (for box office revenue). Most are victims of violence done to them on the streets, where they're often homeless and looking for hope in tobacco or a bottle, products sold over-the-counter with clever names and colorful packages. They're among us everywhere. And so are the members of their families who fight a valiant struggle for normalcy in their daily affairs. I lost a grandfather to suicide--before I was born. My own father was only 17 when it happened. And last year, my uncle took his own life the day before my father's 89th birthday.
No doubt there will be a hackwatch clock somewhere with a sliding scale marking milestones, a meeting less than an hour long will indicate that negotiations have broken down although it might mean Arsenal’s offer was entirely on the nose – bang on the money? Several hours long signals that Arsenal / van Persie drove a hard bargain but in fact only shows that the debate over whether or not ‘ai‘ is a genuinely word allowed in Scrabble – Kees Vos cursing the three-toed sloth as Arsène won through using a triple word score.
Year eight, year nine….I know this! Grades 7 and 8.
Spray two 5 x 7 bread tins with pam. Line parchment paper in each tin. Spoon batter equally into both tins. Bake 350 degrees 50 minutes (in my oven)
Sure it’s a borderline cheesy (who am I kidding? It’s completely cheesy) saying, but it is the only thing keeping me together.
Because O'Neill and the others left, no one left was strong enough to fight the English, and the Plantation of Ulster began, which was the root of all evil on that green isle. Direct cause and effect. O'Neill and O'Donnell left, King James 1 confiscated their lands, their entire realms, and gave them to Protestants from England and Scotland. That's how the mess all started.
Nature’s Path Organic is a great company to get familiar with and makes the products you’d be proud to stock your pantry with. They make regular appearances at Costco, are available at almost every grocery store I’ve visited, can be purchased in bulk at our local Co-op (and probably yours, too!) and offer free shipping on orders placed on their website. Basically, there’s no excuse not to give their goodness a try.
One last thing... I am looking for a better way to allow people to share their links, and I came across Linky Tools. Have you ever used it before? Would you be interested in seeing that added here, rather than having to comment through blogger? Any suggestions for the best source of one of these tools?
Okay, now that I’ve partially expressed my emotions. One emotion really. Amazement.
wanted peace to exist in the
Ick.
Today I received a letter from the organisation of the Maison et Objet that 'Mariska Meijers Amsterdam' has been selected by their Committee to receive the label of Special Archi Designer which according to the letter "you receive for your know-how, your recoginized expertise and your custom-made production for large-scale projects". A wonderful reward for all the hard work last year!
Put the two thieves into the procession....the way he goes on he could represent both of them.
All about cash daddy
Do you think it has anything to do with the fact that most people use debit/credit cards so much more than cash??? I remember many a fun, rainy afternoon with my mom’s huge pickle/coin jar dumped all over my bedroom floor counting and sorting coins.
Mister Reynolds maintains a modest, ranch-style residence perched on a ridge-top street in the celebrity-filled Outpost Estates neighborhood in Los Angeles where other homeowners include Charlie Theron, Felicity Huffman and Jason Statham who recently bought one of two mansions Ben Stiller owned in the 'hood. He bought the house in fall 2007 for $1,715,000 and has twice since then unsuccessfully attempted to sell the 2 bedroom and 2.5 bathroom house.
The last we heard from the people was “All the words that the Lord has spoken we will do,” (Exodus 24:3) but now Moses has been up on the mountain for 40 days and the people are beginning to wonder if something has happened to him. If their leader has left them, maybe their god has too. They decide to take matters into their own hands. They, like we, are a ‘stiff-necked people.’ God is justifiably angry (like any parent who has dealt with wayward children). Fortunately the people have a good advocate in Moses. He gets God to change his mind.
I want to grow in love. I want to walk slowly down the hallways with my baby, and engage (the slow-baby-walking actually has down wonders for getting to know people. I can’t rush around to more “important” things, plus babies are the best ice breakers in the world. Period). I think about trying to not glorify whiteness, about shifting my perspectives. I think about learning how to laugh and commiserate, to lend food, to appreciate new thoughts and new music and new styles. Sometimes I think stupid things like “what if I got my ears pierced and then wore big hoops?” or “what if there was like this awesome lady-rapper who threw down beats about social justice?” or “what if I am supposed to be a rapper?” And it is ridiculous. And I laugh, instead of cry, which is what I really want to do when I sit down and stare all this sin in the face.
Till Next Time, Think PINK xx
Oh, and fireworks. I'm not sure how that fits in with the guns and porn, but apparently Tennesseans love fireworks as much as high-powered firearms and girl-on-girl action.
The Lace Makers of Glenmara by Heather Barbieri. "This hopeful, comforting novel is a testament to the power of taking chances and starting fresh, and a reminder that life can bring joy after sorrow."--Miami Herald
So, what are your thoughts? Did you love it or not-so-much? The good news is that despite my little guy's obsession with Cars, he still really loved Pooh. And so did I.
It generally takes about six to nine monthsâ€™ worth of ebilling data to begin
NAB booth #SU11906H
The newborn sister of one of the toddlers at Clio's daycare died over the weekend. It wasn't unexpected as she was born with a genetic issue that is considered "not compatible with life." In fact, the parents had fully expected her to be stillborn but they made the choice to carry her to term anyway, a decision I can relate to since Leif and I basically made the same one after we had exhausted most of the medical interventions available to us. But the baby surprised them all by being born alive and then staying alive for three weeks or so. From what I understand -I have never met these parents so all of this is secondhand information- they were able to take her home from the hospital and spend those weeks together as a family.
I am SO glad I started grocery shopping online, and although there is a fee, it’s worth it to me. I actually spend significantly less every week because I don’t make any impulse purchases.
I kept one eyebrow up the whole time I was in the store: “Yeah, see? But what’s the catch, hmmmmm? Will this take naked pictures of me while I sleep and post them online? Will it give me cancer if I charge it too close to my head? What if I accidentally download an infected app that auto-tunes my voice every time I call my Grandma?”
“Whether the nymph shall break Diana’s law,
research
So, over time, I’ve written less and less about my actual thoughts and feelings, and posted more and more of what I thought might give you a smile or a laugh. The thing is though, these days I wonder if any of you who think you “like” me as a person have ever actually read any of my earlier stuff. And that makes me wonder what would happen if I returned to the far more “revealing” style I began with.
Last time we played this game I asked for suggestions for one of my library patrons, and you all totally delivered! We've been working our way through your recommendations and she's been loving them. I even got a thank you card with sparkles! Sparkles!
Living in a city, it would be easy to think that you have no access to nature or areas where children can play safely outside, but if you look a little closer you will find parks, woodlands and nature reserves not too far away.
The Power of Speech (vv. 4-11): When David opens his mouth he speaks directly to God: “Show me, O Lord” (v. 4). He begins to unfold what is troubling him so. In verses. 4-5 he reveals that he is troubled by the brevity of human life. Does this ever trouble you? In verse 6, he notes that he is also troubled by the seeming meaninglessness of life. Here David echoes Ecclesiastes 1:2, “Vanity of vanities! All is vanity.” Do such things ever trouble you? David is experiencing the severe discipline of God, and he is wondering about the meaning of life. He is particularly wondering if the believer is any better off than the unbeliever. Again David’s pathos is captured in a verse from Ecclesiastes, “For the wise man, like the fool, will not be long remembered; in days to come both will be forgotten. Like the fool, the wise man too must die!” (2:16). It is important for us to note that God does not chastise David for asking such questions. It is also crucial for us to realize that David’s lament is not an act of unfaithfulness, but rather an act of worship. One of the errors of the modern evangelical church is that it can conceive of worship as nothing other than bongos, guitars, and happy songs. In contrast, the Bible, particularly the Book of Psalms, reminds us that lament is worship as well. David is not directing his lament and his questions to a physician, therapist, or philosopher; he is directing them to Yahweh. David recognizes that the God who is disciplining him severely (vv. 9-11) is the very same God who is his only hope for deliverance (v. 7).
The label gives some info--the date of the recipe, and the alcohol percentage, which I missed. It also features a crown on the neck ring, which I learned later alludes to the brewery's founding by Hapsburg royalty back in 1856. But even then it was not the king of beers--rather, the archduke. (According to Wikipedia, it was actually called Żywiec Archducal Brewery--perhaps the only one that ever existed.)
It's just another offshoot of the idiotic "lifetime value" delusion that assumes once you get a customer you have her for life.
The pad burned even worse than the liquor did. My friend Rachel offered to help me apply the medicines, which I happily accepted. She told me that her mom often gets achy muscles and favors the liquor medicine, so she (Rachel) is very practiced at using it to massage out pain. She did a number on me and I am ever so grateful! After she left, I took my aunt’s professional advice and gave myself a sequence of additional massages. I even attempted to stretch. Finally, I meditated for a bit and requested the help of the healing powers of the universe to help me recover ASAP. I texted my bosses to tell them I was taking the next day off from work, put my sleeping mask on, and slept for 12 hours straight. It was wonderful.
Angels, grace and love
I am only just beginning to learn about faeries. Yes, I have changed the spelling of this word. I now choose to identify my kin with their true spelling, not the one assigned by popular culture. My faery ancestors were very real. They were people, just like you and me. They lived and worked on the land, caring for Mother Earth, enjoying their freedom and their society. But, the world was changing. Man decided to plunder and invade. My faery kin were driven away, many were killed or enslaved, and the rest went into hiding. Gradually they became a myth, a legend, a story.
And this is correlated to reading other amazing blogs, which stresses me out further, because I worry I will never be as widely read or witty as those writers, and thus I am doomed to total failure and I should just give up now, already.
Then, there is the practical side of writing. You have to plan and research and construct. You need that structure to be consistent. There is very little flexibility. Did I say I committed to this? Yeah, I guess I did.
- pecan pie
I love lazy weekends spent curled up under the covers and getting lost in a great novel.
Mental photographers!
KUALA LUMPUR, April 22 — While Suaram has formally filed a complaint with the French court over the scandalous Scorpene submarine sale to Malaysia, it holds no illusions that those named as witnesses, including Abdul Razak Baginda, will actually step forward to testify.
Although I do not have a pear tree, I look out at my garden that is partially leafless with deciduous trees and partly lush and green with citrus, rosebushes and palm trees, and I often feel as if I am living in the mythical Alcinous.
Thanks to my amazing sisters, and my amazing Sluiter family for such a GREAT day!!
½ cup roasted chicken fat
For a couple weeks now, Dillon and other members in APEX have been involved with fights over Twitter with members of RK$. Kudos tries to squash any differences with yet another Tristan beat. There is no word if this will appear on his new mixtape, The Next Best Thing releasing April 2012.
I have found the research phase to be the most important part of the design process. It’s the who, what, when, where, and how. When designing a piece, I feel it must always be first step. I would feel safe saying most designers research before they start on a design.
Pasta or Pizza? Pizza! With chunks of tomatoes in the sauce and maybe some fresh cheeses, and the slightly battered eggplant.
My canvas was 24" x 36". I purposefully bought one with sides divisible by 4, since I knew it would be easiest to measure and mark off a grid of 4" squares.
1 Luk 6:31­32; 1Cor 10:24; Gal 6:2; Phil 2:4; 2tim 3:2; Jam 2:15; 1Joh 3:17; Gen 4:9; 1 Sam 25:3­11; Esth 6:6; Isa 56:11; Joh 6:26
Just like bungee jumping, except this time you have no elastic cord, and you are jumping from MUCH higher up. Luckily you can do a tandem dive with an instructor, so you don’t need to worry about when to open the parachute and how to steer it. I think this is the ultimate “Face your Fears” kind of activity you can do.
“Not I,” purred the cat.”
“Daughter of Smoke and Bone,” Laini Taylor (Little, Brown Books for Young Readers; Hodder & Stoughton)
Gore-Tex TENARA is a remarkable thread manufactured from 100% expanded PTFE fiber (commonly known as Teflon).
“I thought we were hard to find here?” Crème asked, just as quietly as Brulee had. She slowly sat up, getting out of her sleeping roll. Brulee’s hand stayed on her shoulder.
Yep...I now have my very own canister of Tony's Creole Seasoning. I got so tickled! Connor must believe that the way to someone's heart is straight through their stomach!
I had no idea why she'd want to leave the beautiful countryside where she'd been living........ but was very pleased to receive Chicken Nesbit into my home. You can catch up with her arrival, HERE.
Or maybe we should think like parents who have to worry about spoiling a child and the signal that sends to the other kids, so let’s ask the question this way: Should we encourage bad behavior in Spain, Italy, Portugal, etc, by giving another bailout to Greece’s corrupt politicians?
European countries are not so cautious. We see our governments as a person we can negotiate with, reason with (hence the large number of protests), a character who, although he has already laid down the rules, may just make an exception for us.
As of this writing, Dial Idol, which predicts who has the most number of phone votes, currently puts Joshua Ledet in no. 1 and Jessica Sanchez at No. 2.
Watership Down – Adams
My hubby received a $50 gift card in the mail from Tommy Bahama a few months back, and the expiration date on the gift card was this past Saturday. So our plan was if he couldn't find anything he liked in the store, we would have lunch at the Cafe instead. We went to the one at Shops at Wailea. Now based on the pictures below, you know what we ended up using the gift card for! But the question of "Why would they send him a gift card?" remains a mystery.
Level 6: 12% chance to deal 115% damage after an attack.
These are the 2 projects we completed this weekend for our Halloween stamp class. The "wicked" accordion tag banner design was altered for Halloween from the original Christmas design by Sharon Johnson from the Just Rite Stampers blog. We also made some treat packages using my new favorite Big Shot die "Candy Wrapper". I know this die is going to get a lot of use for all the holidays and when I entertain at home. I used Wicked Fun DSP for this project and can't believe how much paper is contained in the packages. I bought 2 packages of the DSP and I was able to do a workshop for 15, a class for 11 and still have a bunch of paper left over . What a WICKED value!
We love our timber range, the feel, the weight, the grain and most especially the glorious smell of each individual timber.
Entering this giveaway is going to be easy and the best part is, if you win, you get to share! That's right! Five lucky readers will win TWO cookbooks, one to keep and one to share with a friend! How about that for giving!
“Falasteen?!”
He told me he wanted to give up some strongholds in his life. I honestly saw that as his way of trying to trick me to stay with him. Now I know God was working on him.
Tells you you have the power to please,
After all, archaeology indicates the creation of Israel also occurred through evolution, as Canaanite tribesmen banded together for protection and eventually assumed a cohesive identity that led to monarchy. And, if that’s true, doesn’t it make sense that their awareness of a single God should also be a gradual process? How else can we rationally explain the ongoing Israelite struggle with idol worship in the monarchy? These were a polytheistic people evolving into monotheism. As such their view of that single God would have been influenced by their knowledge of the gods they had previously worshipped and which formed the basis of their traditions and memories.
I recently bought 'the scandinavian cookbook' by trina hahnemann and it is freaking gorgeous.
The camera-work. Well, let me just say that if I had a Time Machine, I'd quite happily go back and remove from the gene pool whomever it was that introduced the "shake the camera around and maybe that'll produce tension" style. Seriously. Like, for real. It frequently makes it to where I literally can't watch a movie, as I'm getting nauseous. And enough with the extreme close-up constantly, as well.
Doc: Well, your chest is clear.
Agents are recruiting truck drivers, like Rudy Gonzales, into the First Observer Highway Security Program to say something if they see
As for Paddy’s side’s opening statement, there are accusations that Derek Quinlan acted in bad faith in agreeing to sell his shares to the Barclays and suggestions Derek had been bought with gifts and loans. There were constant referrals in evidence to “DQ” for Derek Quinlan, but somehow I had the strong impression they wanted to dub him “BBB” – Barclay Brothers’ Bitch, because the narrative was that Derek and his wife were being supported from at least October 2010 by the Barclays who had set about “procuring” (!) Derek to assist them in their plans to take control of the Maybourne group. There was also mud thrown at the Barclays themselves and it was dwelt upon that even though Frederick and David Barclay were pivotal to this case, that neither would be attending to give evidence; in David’s case because he’s sick with angina and in Frederick’s case because he doesn’t want to and thinks the court can’t order him to attend because he is out of the country. It was claimed that David Barclay was too sick to travel but evidence was adduced that he had recently written to a potential investor inviting a meeting and stating David could “travel anywhere inEurope” to accommodate such a meeting. And Paddy’s side even resurrected a 2004 court case inDelaware,USAwhere David Barclay also pleaded illness as a reason for non-attendance and the American judge drew an adverse conclusion from his absence. David Barclay doesn’t have an email address but apparently uses his wife’s, Lady Barclay’s and there was a suggestion that her emails may be sought in disclosure on the basis that she acts as an agent for her husband. In January 2011 after the Barclays had acquired a 28% stake in Maybourne through acquiring shares from two other investors, Misland (owned by the Manchester Green family) and our own Kyran McLoughlin of Elan, the Barclays had their appointee to the Maybourne board put a stop to attempts by the company to get third party investment, through closing off a so-called “Data Room” , a facility whereby potential investors could access information about Maybourne. The final strand, it seems, to Paddy’s case was that Derek Quinlan’s loans in respect of his Maybourne shareholding were enforceable from 2010, though the implication from that assertion wasn’t immediately obvious today. There was precious little in opening statements on Paddy’s side about NAMA’s dealings, and remember it is being claimed that NAMA improperly sold the loans last September 2011 without consulting Paddy.
...To live today in Jesus' name is not only to recognize Christ as the Sacrifice That Atones for Our Sins, but to take that spirit of loving forgiveness into our relationships with others. Just as Jesus covers and cleanses our sins with His blood (1 John 1:9) we need to cover the failures of others with our love (Proverbs 10:12 NKJV).
from a beloved family friend. We miss you, Auntie Evelyn.
Based on a 1050ESPN report this morning:
Good morning Bob. There was a little rally in the industrial leasing market, unfortunately, it has reversed its trend and vacancies are heading upward again. The hardest hit buildings are the older buildings that have some functional obsolescence, a real estate term for old, and flex buildings which are used for research and development.
The crust is a straight forward recipe and easy to make. It is so much easier if you use your bread maker. Make your own healthy pizza using fresh produce from your garden or market minimizing the oil and cheese used. Go ahead and create your own healthy pizza customized to your taste.
Taste is the nose duplicated, big malt character with chocolate and coffee flavors filling the mouth completely. The swallow and aftertaste reveal a well-balanced hoppiness that is both unexpected and pleasant. About 1/3 of the way through the glass, a familiar tinge of alcohol starts to press forward and the 7.8% ABV is uncovered.
Thanks to SCBWI for this Schmooze - we all had a blast!
Students talked about the issues of crowding and asked why the charter school, with only kindergarten and first grade students, would have 10 hours a week of gym time at the cost of limiting access to the gym for the other three schools. A community member commented on the lack of electives and wondered if the "efficient" use of the school building would damage the well regarded culinary program.
If they can’t make the payroll for these guys, they’re going to be marching out of their bases with food bowls in their hands, begging for food.
Okah was linked with the 2010 Independence Day
- Inspiration Board: find a place you can put up the words, objects and images which inspire you. I move around a lot so for me I have this is a little book I can take everywhere. Be sure to include all the dreams you have, your desires, hope and wishes – no matter how ‘out there’ they may seem. Be sure to look at it every day!
1-Wash eggplant and wipe it ,prick it with the help of a fork and rub some oil on it.
But both the Mail and Telegraph remained silent on the issue. Talking to The Slog last week, a senior Fleet Street journalist heavily engaged in the investigation of phone-hacking wryly observed, “The amusing thing about all this that while this hacking was going on, we didn’t have any money – so there was no way we could afford the likes of Mulcaire. But others could.”
Where Twenty takes to Bourg-Madame,
and enjoying some sunshine just outside the door,
next to the sickest person in the room just pull out your
and a pic of the pieces I cut to line the box. The blue back piece is 2 5/8 x 3 3/4, the side pieces are 2 5/8 x 2 3/8 (angle cut down to 1 3/8) the bottom piece is 2 5/8 x2 5/8 and the front piece is 2 5/8 x 1 1/2 (each piece had to be trimmed a tad - so, if you do this, place each piece inside to check the fit before adhering!)
Politicians should make it clear that they have to do so.
For instance, we don’t identify with “captives”, because we only envision captives as those who are behind bars in a prison or prisoners of war in a prison camp. We think we are free but, spiritually, we are really in bondage to the emotional and psychological trauma brought on through the circumstances of our lives and our sin nature that keeps us in captivity.
08. Dogs Of War
Keep Calm and Carry On
I offered to host book club at my house in February, a first for me, and I am thinking of ways to decorate my house for Valentine’s Day and what I will use for serving pieces, dishes, etc. It is motivating me to get some of those little picky-picky projects done so my house (condo) will be ready for its début (knowing, of course, that it doesn’t have to be perfect to be beautiful.)
HPBlavatsky, noble chela of the mahatmas & chohans, substantiated the sloka in Volume I, Secret Doctrine, to wit:
200g of green beans, topped and tailed hand halved sidewise, blanched and refresh
… I’m not celebrating him for any of this. I’m a fan of enthusiasm, and I dislike half-heartedness. I’m just saying it might be a lot more human than we want to admit. I’m just saying we might find a little bit of that in our own lives. I don’t think it’s the Josh Becketts who are unusual. I think it’s the ones who go out every day, every single day, with intensity and spirit and fire who are unusual. I certainly don’t blame fans for booing the heck out of Beckett or people writing that he should be run out of town. But I do wonder how many of them might call in sick on a Friday and not cancel their tee-time Saturday morning.
This year I re-read parts of Dinesh D’Souza’s book “What’s So Great About Christianity?” In that book he warns about a new atheism that is infecting our society as a whole, but, more importantly, it is affecting many of our young people in colleges and universities.
Ms Maer certainly managed to communicate the intense and tortuous emotions captured in Prokofjev’s sonata. Medtner’s Improvisation came as a release, though it also has its dark and light accents which Ms Maer set off against each other beautifully. Shostakovich Prelude and Fuga were a brilliant conclusion to an impressive, too short concert.
I went back to the clinic in the evening to visit. He felt cold all over and stood very still in one corner of his box but even so he looked a lot better than that same afternoon. Sick but no more colic attacs.
“And Enoch also, the seventh from Adam, prophesied of these, saying, behold the Lord cometh with ten thousands of his saints, To execute judgment upon all. . .”
Both types of friction can be quantified as follows:
The guards drag Jonah into a large room with a man sitting high above at a control station.The man is Reinhold Borsten. Jonah awakens and Borsten welcomes Hex to Seattle and starts explaining that he is a student of war and all conflict. Borsten shows him holographic projections of Hannibal and the Civil War. He then displays more current history, specifically the great nuclear holocaust that has decimated the Earth. Jonah goes into an overloaded shock and passes out.
If you want change then vote Eddy Butler – Nick Cass 2010!
i think things are changing....
Robert Bro Brown stands in front of the Club Indigo, “windy-city” cold blowing into his bloodshot eyes. How long since he’s closed his eyes - months, maybe even years. He looks up and down the boulevard - not a car in sight. Quiet, except for the sound of a dog howling in the distance.
Fermi was famous for his simple approach to any and all problems, even before his torn-paper A-bomb powerometer. He was so significantly know for this that nowadays it’s often called the Fermi method. You may have also heard this concept referred to as BOTE (back of the envelope) calculations, guesstimate, SWAG (scientific wild-ass guess), etc. The phrase I heard most often in my schooling was “first approximation,” thus the title of this post. Unfortunately, in popular culture, most of these phrases have lost the rigorousness and accuracy which the concept actually embodies. This is not something you pull out of your ass; if done properly, it should get you within striking distance of the ponderously-calculated answer.
You should seriously comment, because do you know how long it took me to upload all those pictures? Not to mention actually write things? Come on people. And my contacts are really dry.
Hands are shaking uncontrollably.
Firstly, the spindle that sits in the bearings that allows the arm to the rotate. One end of this spindle has splines machined into it.
Simón Bolívar has no direct descendants. His bloodline lives on through his sister Juana Bolívar y Palacios who married Dionisio Palacios y Blanco (Simón and Juana’s maternal uncle) and had two children: Guillermo and Benigna.
Man: Is this Joe?
Dad & I finally got to Whipper Snapper one very sunny lunch. Whipper Snapper specializes in tapas and sangria and also has a few entree style items and sandwiches. The interior is bright and painted in cheerful colors with whimsical artwork.
It's been another challenging Winter for me. Most of the trouble has been because of my fibromyalgia, but I wont bother you with the gory details. Suffice to say, as the sun slowly shifts toward it's Summer Solstice zenith, my body and spirit are rising with it.
7. I have a two wonderful dogs
St. Francis College, 180 Remsen Street, Brooklyn Heights
This is the reason you shouldn't flirt with your workmates - it makes us act like children.
1st of May today and Autism Awareness Month is officially over. Of course, for those of us that care for someone on the spectrum or are on the spectrum themselves, awareness is a 24/7, all year round occurrence. Some days are good, some days not so good but all the while, you carry on – you have to.
Go to your doctor, tell them that you want to be a woman and ask them to refer you to people who can help you to do that.
This week we have another generous sponsor for our challenge. It is Shelly's Images and she is offering a $9 Gift Voucher for her store. All you have to do it enter a project in the challenge and the winner will be chosen via Random.org.
I pray that they know everlasting life and that God sends every grace to their family at this difficult time.
* cajun seasonings in a mix
2.) I had a field experience in a middle school. I LOVED the students. I am glad that I got to have the experience and that is all I will say on that matter, take what you want from that.
"the one", either. After losing every penny he had, his business, and
This takes us back to where this interview started: It doesn’t mean Israel will now act in the way its enemies do. But you see now that Israel has to act according to its interests and its standards, and not according to some kind of picture that is common to Israeli and its enemies. This whole notion of reciprocity has disappeared.
2 A-2. Oral Argument, Counsel pro se, In re George Anastaplo, United States Supreme Court, Washington, D. C., December 14, 1960. (Records of the United States Supreme Court, 267-294, Case #58. A recording is available.)
I stood in line for a little over two hours this morning to purchase tickets for my son's graduation next month and believe it or not, some parents showed up at 4 am to be sure to get a good table at the event. That's one of those "you know you're in Miami when..." things because where else would they charge $25 a person for an all-day event to watch 5th graders receive their certificates? It will be held at a nearby Hilton and will include lunch and a show. I'm not complaining (I think it'll be fun) but wow, standing in line before the crack of dawn for front-row seats?? It's not a rock concert!
This is the “Garden Walnuts” dish, which uses honey candied walnuts, vegetarian chicken (TVP) and fresh string beans. We thought this was the best of the vegetarian dishes we ordered. The TVP has a nice texture and when sauced properly, it actually does kind of taste like chicken.
My question to you is: what's missing from the list?
For the most part I always fish with the same combo for sea bass, stripers, flounder, mahi, tog when inshore and back-bay- which is where most of my time is spent. Even with the repair and missing some of the top… this set up completes me (sounds weird but some people may get this).
It’s in the aina, and laau.
Office day today, which was not good as I slept very badly last night and could have done with a few extra hours this morning. Still, up I got and just got on with what had to be done. First job – stop at Nero’s for coffee! Meetings got me through most of the morning without too much trouble. I was hoping to get a walk at lunch, but rain stopped play again and I ended up just wandering around the building for a while. To eat – salad and Jarlesberg cheese and an Activia Greek yogurt for dessert. Nice!
With all due respect,
Of being pushed ahead in time
I arrived at Church House with about twenty minutes to spare, and passed Jon on the stairs on the way up to the gallery. He was easy to spot: very tall, silver hair, and still in his cycling gear, complete with fluorescent yellow jacket.
05-11 Vancouver, British Columbia – Fortune Sound Club
With Easter coming up I'm looking forward to pulling this book out once again and using it with my daycare kids. It would look adorable Easter morning in someones Easter basket, especially for the great price of $6.99 on the Twin Sisters website. They also have other books that are very similar like The Lord Is My Shepherd Read & Sing Along Die-Cut Book or Six Little Ducks Read & Sing Along Die-Cut Book.
“We see the devastation that happens when you pass up capital improvements,” declared Sliwa, papering over decades of urban redevelopment and sounding like, well, the talk-show host he is.
Rewarded for clubbing 200 opponents in the beer battle = The title “Clubber”.
2. Chicago Bears
So where, exactly, does Joseph Rakofsky practice law?
Well worth a visit (but closed on Sunday)
My students had a great day and seemed to be really inspired by human ingenuity. After taking a guided tour of the community, doing two different workshops on waste disposal and making new paper out of recycled paper, and having a delicious sancocho lunch cooked by solar power, we were all justifiably exhausted but also ready to bring some of these ideas back to school and to Cali. All in all, it was successful trip!
I responded, 'I guess not. What do you have in mind?'
Sam Kinison
CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION (CDC). Prevention and control of influenza: recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP). MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep 2006; 545 (RR-2): 1-16.
So one of my followers asked me how I go about shooting runway photography, so I thought I would post a few of my tips to help anyone out there who is interested in shooting runway.
Rewrites and Revisions: How much did you have to do throughout the writing of DAWN OF THE DEMONTIDE?
Pharmaceutical sales in Iowa. Easily reachable from much of the map of iowa state fairgrounds of 2008 hit the map of iowa state fairgrounds. Two large car dealerships, several businesses and has the map of iowa state fairgrounds of over 198,000. The state flower is the map of iowa state fairgrounds, the map of iowa state fairgrounds an opening for a third offense are a resident of Iowa casinos looks bright, with more and more casinos appearing and major expansions being planned.
So with that...
HappyKat!
Use $2 CRT coupon
And sigh as he turned away?
Abortion should be an health issue between the woman, doctor and her partner. No one should be able tell any women what she can or cannot do with her reproductive system or body.
A couple of things to unpack from that paragraph. First of all, billions of dollars? Billions with a “b”? Either Orrin can’t add, or, more ominously, he’s thinking about this. My money’s on the latter.
And so at the allotted time on the allotted day we meet again at Liverpool Street. No flowers this time. We pop to a nearby pub. Get some beers. Talk food experiments. Then Danny rummages in his bag and whips out a foil tray.
But, when I take the moment
the pain shouts but then subsides
Dear February,
Filmigirl and Veraciously did great writeups on the movie, and I'll try not to repeat what they've said. But I do recognize that The Dirty Picture is a timepass film with some great performances. A timepass film can rise to the level of greatness with one propelling performance, and that is Vidya Balan's. I fell in love with this film because it had a lack of overt judgement for Silk's choices. Even though she may go for the casting couch, Silk has agency that is purely sexual. That is an agency in its own way, that a woman can conquer an industry based on which hero she sleeps with to get her an item song or even some dialogue. Even though Abraham (Emraan Hashmi) detests everything Silk stands for and her brazen attitude. It was just so refreshing to see a sexual heroine who was not supremely demonized for her sexual choices. I felt like here suicide was not the usual trope where the bad vamp had to be killed off. We could see that Silk was going on the usual artist downfall where the offers had dried up, she'd gotten a bit moti, and her ego had grown.
Did you recently move to a new country?
Jubilee 1103
21 some
I can definitely appreciate the clean lines and posh vibe chevron brings to a space. But, I'm not dying for it like most, and it hasn't made its way into my house. To me, trendy not timeless. But, it is cool looking. What do you think?
What is SKM?
Iron Man
The Look: First of all, this monster isn’t wrapped in the standard ‘Taco Bell’ wrapping paper. It’s actually cover in tin foil-like paper, like real food (I’ll stop, I promise)! Steam pops out as I unwrapped it, yeah it’s pretty hot. The look of the TSS it’s a combination of a flatbread sandwich and condensed sub. The meat is not visible but only a few places on the edges and the cheese had oozed out and is stuck to the paper. Pretty standard, now the taste —
Black flies are members of the Simuliidae family. Some 1,800 species have been identified to date. These flies are generally grey or black in color and have short legs and antennae.
Here's the other to remind you....
But there is always more
Once the floor tiles were all in place, we were able to move the appliances into their proper “homes” in the kitchen and free up much-needed floor space where they had resided after being delivered earlier than we were ready for them. I cannot express how wonderful it was to hook up the water line to the refrigerator and plug it in. The hum of an operating refrigerator was one of the best sounds in the world. We could finally keep food at the house because we could refrigerate it. And we had filtered and chilled water on tap! I never thought I would appreciate having a refrigerator so much. I was (and still am) reminded of how blessed I am to live where I can have this amazing luxury.
When he approved the removal of the “Pineapple and the Hare” he blamed teachers for the ridiculous story and even more asinine questions. King said,
Naturally, the wife finds herself near to completely unable to abstain from her curious nature and finally gives in, using the key, and uncovering Bluebeard’s most horrifying secret. Within the forbidden den lie the bodies of all of his past wives, each of them entrusted with this key and each of them unable to obey his orders. Terrified, the girl locks the room in a hurry and tries to remain composed for when her husband returns, however, to her horror she spots a smear of blood on the tiny key which opens the door to the room of her nightmares. But try as she might, the blood will not come off.
150 ml sugar
Once all the food arrived and each group memberʼs meal sat before them in all their delicious glory, Wayne mentioned that he saw Jersey Boys at the theatre just recently and was impressed to discover all that went on in the background of the Four Seasonʼs career. Jim added that Frankie Valliʼs real name was Castellucci, which was the same name of the high school principal mostly everyone at the table worked for at the Erma School of Hard Knocks. Wayne then pointed out that while Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons played the old Wildwood clubs on Pacific Avenue back in the day, he had the opportunity to meet him. Jim also had a close encounter with the king of the falsetto when he was 16 and suffering from a severe sinus infection which closed his left eye and locked his jaw nearly shut, deforming his face into some elephant man- like creature. Jim was scheduled to have a procedure done at the office of Dr. Fury, an ears, nose and throat specialist located in Wildwood to eliminate the pressure building inside his head. Just before his treatment was to begin, the doctor asked Jim if he could wait a bit because an emergency just came into the office and he needed to take care of it. As Jim was leaving the treatment room, he came face-to-face with Frankie Valli who was coming in to have his throat sprayed for his shows that night. Jim said that he was so self conscious of his appearance that he didnʼt want to have Frankie Valli look at him because he looked so hideous which became the Seinfeld reference for the morning alluding to the episode where Kramer opens up his apartment for smoking and when Jerry says that his face looks like an old catcherʼs mitt and that his teeth are all yellow, Kramer responds with, “Look away; Iʼm hideous!”
"It could be something else," she said. "Fleas, maybe."
How does this connect to obnoxious marketing?
I usually say that I share a love-hate relationship with Spring. While I love looking at tiny buds here and there, baby leaves sprouting from naked trees, their colour, their beauty, their overwhelming proof of the circle of life, I get late to work every single day because I forget myself while gaping at a tree. I even miss my bus because I didn’t see it coming as I was looking at some bush. That is when I say I hate Spring.
I found a beautiful mosaic tile at Lowe’s (I found it months ago and knew I’d use it if this project ever happened). The guys brought me their tile saw to use and it ROCKED! It was so easy to use!
The Dame of the Road of Polished Flagstones will appear to the characters and pay them for their wounds in iron, giving them swords, seaxes and the heads of axes. spears and arrows. She congratulates them and thanks them for avenging so many wrongly dead and badly buried. She gives them an inlaid box in which to keep the ashes until they are safely home, instructing them to burn it. A Recognize roll, with negative modifiers, will note that the design is the battle-banner of the previous King of Kent.
Sponsors include Love’s Travel Stop, eTech Solutions, Sandridge Energy, Unlimited Storm Restoration, Renda Broadcasting, Who’s Your Buddy Cafe, Oklahoma Natural Gas and OG&E.
Previously, I've always found Ware's lead characters slightly unbelievable. Jimmy Corrigan was so utterly useless and pathetic that it was difficult to imagine he could have any concrete counterpart in the real world, although I'm not saying that's completely outside the realms of possibility. Rusty Brown, on the other hand (who makes a guest appearance here), while his all-consuming collector mentality was horribly familiar to me, was still more of a parody than anything, and probably intended as such. Lint, however, feels like an actual person. There are awful events that weave through the narrative – the early death of Lint's mother, the slightly later death of his friend – but though these impact on Lint, in ways atypical and eventually quite unexpected, they don't define him overall. The book isn't anywhere near so simplistic. Ware recognises that there's more to a person than the bad things he or she does or that are done to him/her. Our lives are more complex, complicated, confusing and convoluted than that. And so is Lint's.
God made a promise in Jeremiah 30:17.
Here are just a few pictures from our visit.
The ride to the hotel sucked for obvious reasons, as did the walk from the parking garage to the hotel room. I'm sure I looked like total hell and like someone fresh of a bender or something. Chris made me get up and walk around the room every hour or so, and oh my god. I don't know exactly what caused it, but Trish said she had it too, so it must be normal, but there was this burning sensation that was beyond excruciating. It wasn't at the site of the incision, but off to the side. I have no idea what it was, but I still feel it occasionally, and it's the most painful part. I kept taking two Percocet every few hours until I passed out for the night.
I heard the story of Mitt Romney and his memory lapse at an incident of bullying. The story is he and some fellow high school classmates held down a boy with longish blond hair, and Mitt cut the boy’s hair. Mitt says he doesn’t remember the incident. I'm the same age as Mitt and while I never assaulted a classmate in such a physical fashion, in those unenlightened days I mocked an effeminate boy, which made others laugh at his expense. I carry the guilt to this day. I’ve never forgotten a cruelty done to me, nor any cruelty I did to another. They tend to stick in my mind. I’ve even had to purge myself to a therapist about the ones that cause me the most guilt.
"Because if I did that with a hedge-cutter in my hands I'd probably end up cutting one of my limbs off, that's why!"
"I guess," Sam shrugged. "Really, Mom, it's silly for you to go."
Caryn xxx
Because my brain was in constant chaos everything around me had to be organized. I became obsessive-complusive about how my cupboards, closets and drawers were organized. I worked through carefully planned routines and unexpected changes often caused panic attacks. I had even created plans B-Z should anything happen to my normal routine. As long as I knew how to react in any given situation and had already planned my actions I could deal with just about anything. Surprise and uncertainty were overwhelming and I could not cope.
For this weekend, we just need to confirm the wine and collect the maps. I see our wedding tasklist getting shorter =)
03 Let 'Em In
Absurd idea
Simonian's complaint asserted mostly "upon information and belief" that: (1) BP knew or should have known that the patent expired; (2) BP is a sophisticated company and has experience applying for, obtaining, and litigating patents; and (3) BP marked the CASTROL products with the patent numbers for the purpose of deceiving the public and its competitors into believing that something contained or embodied in the products is covered or protected by the expired patent.
If the jury at the perjury trial had been aware of this new information, would the verdict on Sheridan have been different?
An overwheling majority of 18 people said they would prefer the bags to be listed by size or style. compared to 9 who prefered the listings as they are by color. thanks to this info I'm going to be changing my shop around very soon, the sections will be handbags by size, shoulder bags, hipbags and cute little pouches.
Mama came to a PTA meeting wearing a purple dress with matching earrings. She was very pretty. I still have a cookbook my Mama bought from their fundraiser. I have probably made a hundred peach cobblers from one of the recipes.
For the trio of Easter eggs across the front of the card I used Cricut Craft Room's exclusive Teresa Collins Easter Basket cartridge. I cut all three layers of the eggs, the decorative front, the contrast middle layer and the shadow/base layer. I added a chick and a bunny from the Easter 2010 seasonal cartridge.
14 A common contribution is essential for the maintenance of the public forces and for the cost of administration. This should be equitably distributed among all the citizens in proportion to their means.
We have been busy bees here at Magnolia unpacking gorgeous treats from France and all over!
(UNKNOWN): Hello.
Never was a big Kellogg’s fan, including their cereals, but this just proves that their products cannot permanently move into my pantry. Sorry folks.
Running Time: 98 minutes
It does not really matter to us though…because this could not possibly happen here? This is the United States, we have our rights etc. etc. “Its JUST A MOVIE” I hear most of my neighbors saying.
i think this has been helped by ‘wipping’ (haha) a few other things into shape in other areas of my life as well. part of my overwhelm feeling was that i wasnt looking after myself, and that means nutritionally as well. i had a day last week where i just couldnt be bothered cooking and i ate sandwiches or toast for every meal, and i was sick as a dog for three days. actually, not ‘as a dog’ because dogs get sick and move on, i was worse. i felt like my gut was being twisted. i couldnt move, could hardly breath. it took three days to subside. i’ve been having increasing reactions to bread, pasta and rice and that precipated a discussion with my friend kris who i knew had done low-carb eating before. so i have made a decision to change my life in that regard.
Well, if you're talking about the actual jumping off a plane and engaging a parachuter and skydiving like, in the sky, it's going to be a few hundred bucks, I assure you. (Go Google "Skydive packages" if you don't believe me.)
If you want to make God laugh…
A man called out from the crowd, ‘Tell it!’
I find that I can not award 5-stars to any headset yet for noise cancellation as the technology does not appear to be there yet. This seems to be due to the lack of having a microphone close to your mouth where the sound is going to be much louder than by your ear. When this is taken into consideration, most bluetooth headsets do a respectable job of just being a microphone, noise rejection is a much harder issue…
There is a lot of medical lip service to people with compromised immune systems, for one reason or another, and how a simple infection can severely endanger their lives. They’re advised to be extra cautious, wear facial masks, avoid injury, and so forth. Those closest to them are asked not to visit if they’re harboring a virus. Similarly, people with things like oxygen tanks and other medical aids must take certain precautions. People nearest them are asked not to smoke, what have you.
Have a blessed weekend!
The hidden law of probable outcome
My son is moving in with his girlfriend. He’s old enough. It is just strange to think of my baby with a woman though I understand he needs companionship like everyone else. I still think of him as my child. In reality he is a grown man who is still my child and always will be.
My favorite words today are toilet paper. N., no, stronger than that. D.: The closer it gets to the end the faster it goes.
We discovered recently that he has been squirreling away his dollars and can pay for half of a budget PC that would seemingly be able to handle the demands he would place on it and is on sale at the moment. We may take a leap and strike while the iron is hot!
by Jennifer E. Smith
I was thrilled, but also uneasy. It wasn’t a rational, physical fear, but a deeper, more inscrutable one. I was afraid of failing, of letting Moscow defeat me. The standings were currently Moscow 1, Kim 0, you could argue. I wasn’t looking to inflict damage on the city to bring the tally to one-all. I only had, somehow, to find the brightly-lit kitchen experience, to discover the human kindness amid the hostile babushki ticket-takers and extortive Red Square policemen. And I had to convince Anna that she could trust me, that I was the right person to help tell her extraordinary life story to Americans. I hoped my tattered Russian was up to the task.
I will be dropping this card and the banner in the mail tomorrow to make its way to my friend to hopefully put a smile on her face and also really soon, welcome that sweet baby into our world!
I've been in the craft beer community for almost two years now, and I have to say that it is a pretty awesome group. While there are different types of beer drinkers, I'm referring to the passionate group of beer evangelists who know and love craft beer (denoted in the blue and purple circles). These people might write blogs, organize local beer events, work in a craft brewery or craft beer organization, or participate heavily in homebrew activities. The shared interest is the promotion of craft beer, and how they interact is extremely friendly.
I sigh and then say “I didn’t change at all Seohyun, but you did. You already changed Seohyun. I feel like i dont know you anymore.” I said with a low tone to her.
Laura Marlin is the archetypal orphan sent to live in St Ives with her mysterious uncle. In this story they win a Caribbean cruise and by various plot twists Laura, her friend Tariq and her beloved husky Skye end up aboard the Ocean Empress where they team up with the annoying Jimmy Gannet. The children face real dangers on their voyage and it is their own courage and resourcefulness that saves the day and the lives of lots of rare sea creatures. Children will love and treasure these books as the series progresses.
There sat auld Nick, in shape o' beast;
2 T ground cumin
I'm all for free pens, but really?
She gave me her loving thanks and expressed full confidence in my lobbying abilities.
I have learnt that I enjoy challenging myself to run that extra 100 metres, to up the spin bike resistance, do one extra rep. If I ever wane, all I need do is come back here and remind myself. Next Saturday I will be running my first of what I hope will be many fun runs. My next aim? Mini triathalons (OMG!!)
If it was the comedy that hooked me, then this show’s spin on discrimination is what trapped me. If this alternative take on discrimination was something that was intentionally done by the author, I do not know. Regardless, I was still intrigued. The humans hated the demons, the demons hated the humans, the demons hated half-demons. It echoed the same tones in society today. Just replace human and/or demon with a race, religion, nationality, or financial class, etc. Yuri’s determination and genuine love of all people as Demon King helped foster a relationship among those aforementioned classes that was once considered unfathomable. In the real world, I am doubtful that we will ever be so lucky. That’s why I love fantasy and fiction…it makes for a great escape from the annoyances of reality. Overall score: 8.5/10
A Persons reputation is supposed to be based upon what they have done – do now – and how they comport (hold) themselves – in doing that – plus keeping/maintaining that standard – alive & living -
Barkas
Let’s try this method for fun and see what additional insights about this elbow we can gain using the cards to bring forth information about the past, the present and the future of this elbow. I guess my greatest concern would be around being able to regain the strength in the right arm and elbow again.
Follow Jessica at:
GOV. SARAH PALIN’S animosity toward Sen. Lyda Green is becoming almost palpable, to the very real detriment of the state. The most recent example is the governor’s letter rejecting Green’s request for an expansion of the upcoming special session called to consider approval of TransCanada’s application under the Alaska Gasline Inducement Act. (Better known as the How Do We Give TransCanada a Half-Billion Dollars For Nothing Act.) Green asked that lawmakers also be allowed to consider two bills, on dealing with… (cont’d from front page) parental permission for abortions involving young girls and a ban on the barbarous practice of partial birth abortions. Not satisfied with just saying no — and it would have been perfectly understandable given special session time constraints — the governor had to “Pull a Palin” and get in a dig at Green. She was disappointed, her news release said, that Green “did not exhaust every possible option during the regular session to move the legislation.” “Governor Palin called on Senate leadership to explain what they would do differently than last session to ensure that Alaskans will finally see a vote on both bills by the full Senate,” the news release said.
Most easily found in France with more books to the series that are not yet translated into languages other than French. In the USA and other countries one has to scour the used book shops for the series of the first 9 books.
From the DoL numbers, farm manager opportunities are expected to drop by 5% between 2008 and 2018, a cut of roughly 64,000 out of 1.2M positions. Over that same period, the nation might see 125,000 more brand-new college graduates with Agriculture degrees.
Align with your true spirit self today and let your soar. See your succeeding in all your needs and desires, and ask us to surround you in our loving light.
Sobe stick it! eye primer (applied all around the eyes patting then rubbing in gently with ring finger)
A few years ago I did a reading with a "rock'n'roll" theme at Litquake, and after wracking my brain I wrote the one rock'n'roll story I have in my kind of uptight, nerdy life: the summer I wished desperately to be a groupie for The Beastie Boys. I haven't looked at it since I performed it (and it's much better performed, I think, because I've listened to "Paul's Boutique so many times I can get the B-Boy inflections down, boooyyyeeee), but I found it today and thought I'd post it here. I don't usually post things I write, but what the hell. It's far from deep or meaningful, but it was fun. Enjoy.
Finally I took some white fabric Thickers and airbrushed them to match my color theme and then added lots of Diamond Stickles to add some sparkle to the project.
One thing we love to do is drive around and look at all the beautiful leaves as they start to change at the end of the month! I also start decorating the house for Fall and Halloween!
We have “Christian” bookstores, we have “Christian” music, and we have “Christian” businesses.
Access to Outdoor Exercise
I made all the arrangements with the riding school and the day came around. Her friend had ridden before but several years ago and for several more years than SOC and so had outgrown all her gear. Her mum had spoken to friends and relatives and come up with boots, gloves, whip, boots and a hat for the day. The hat didn't contain the sticker for the correct BS standard and so could not be used in the school but one was borrowed and everything was OK.
Whipped Crème Fraiche
My body is sore today, and I am loving it. You know that feeling you get when you’ve pushed yourself hard but you know you are doing the right thing? That’s the way I’m feeling today. I am enjoying being pushed in new ways, it’s been awhile since I’ve pushed myself out of a comfort zone. But doing my three workouts so far this week – I know I’m on my way to a totally new adventure this summer and it’s exciting! And it’s also got me thinking about who I’ve become during this journey already.
Schlitz' owner, Pabst Brewing Co., is recreating the old formula, using notes and interviews with old brew masters to concoct the pilsner again. The maker of another nostalgic favorite, Pabst Blue Ribbon, it hopes baby boomers will reach for the drink of their youth, otherwise known as "The Beer That Made Milwaukee Famous." They also want to create a following among younger drinkers who want to know what grandma and grandpa drank.
Wonderful Deets Nat!
Homeward Bound
because it may take an hour out of my day.
3. Total average circulation includes digital editions.
“What do you have to get?”
This post HERE features an article from the Times of London that pits Obama the Speechmaker vs. Obama the Politician.
If you want to really hurt your parents, and you don’t have the nerve to be gay, the least you can do is go into the arts. I’m not kidding. The arts are not a way to make a living. They are a very human way of making life more bearable. Practicing an art, no matter how well or badly, is a way to make your soul grow, for heaven’s sake. Sing in the shower. Dance to the radio. Tell stories. Write a poem to a friend, even a lousy poem. Do it as well as you possibly can. You will get an enormous reward. You will have created something.”
Then met some fine ladies and their gents for my birthday lunch at El Vaquero.
Someone commented yesterday, that the TLM communities in some places in Australia are growing strongly. I have to say I'm sceptical about that.
The Indie people on the other hand are desperate hardscrabble youths willing to put out. They all had extensive demos that I spent way more time with than expected.
"We have no bananas," said Tom fruitlessly.
little everything.
here is my take on the sketch:
From the kitchen... Salmon,potatoes,corn and spinach. Trifle with cream.
I am seriously thinking i have a makeup addiction as i am on the look out for makeup where ever i go now even if the shop doesnt seem like the kind of place to purchase it lol.
The farm is 35 miles north,
I see mechanics working, I see buildings everywhere founded, going
Q. Is PurpleLeap part of IndiaCan or are both serving different sectors?
Entebbe. With the hijack. Could work.
The way a commercial gets cited depends in part on what kind of format style you are using. I’m going to assume that you’re either supposed to use MLA or APA, so I’ll answer this question for both.
The Twelve Days of Christmas" is an English Christmas carol that enumerates a series of increasingly grand gifts given on each of the twelve days of Christmas. Textual evidence suggests the song, first published in England in 1780, may be French in origin.
Timothy: But, Paul, I don’t want to become a cold, impersonal intellectual.
I decided to turn my curves the opposite direction on the second half of the border. The center of the border is a large applique flower, so that makes it easy to turn a curve that really looks straight because it's so small.
Most of my week has been spent cooped up at home, grateful for the roof over my head. On wednesday, we had gale force winds and rain, the likes of which I haven’t seen since the floods in October. I was grateful for all my work the week before to prevent the wind from causing too much damage to my plot.
Eskenazi B, Gold EB, Samuels SJ, Wight S, Lasley BL, Hammond SK, O’Neill Rasor M, Schenker MB. Prospective assessment of fecundability of female semiconductor workers. Am J Ind Med 1995; 28: 817-831.
STORY: A small town girl and city boy meet in a struggling nightclub on the Sunset Strip on the day the world’s biggest rock star is to appear, his appearance causing conservative women’s groups to protest.
Okay. I feel better.
Wouldn't you much rather see something artistic, beautiful, that brings a tear of appreciation to your eye, rather than nasty, reprehensible and opens a floodgate of horrified sadness?
We loved it. It was the highlight of mine and Terry's trip. Spending a few days there made it sink in. Looking around at all that magnificence, day after day heightened the experience rather than dulling it.
Lightbulb Moment.
Oh, yes. It's easy to dismiss a lot of kids' - and, for that matter, adult - literature as "light" because its aim is to be funny and entertaining. Michael Rosen founded the Roald Dahl Funny Prize partly because funny books just don't get picked for prizes, and he felt it was as important to celebrate them as any other kind. Well, I'm with him on that. And at this point, I was going to start talking about how humour can be hugely intelligent and instructive; and I was going to use Banksy's How Do You Like Your Eggs as an example of something that first made me laugh and then made me think, and that posed questions... and then I thought, hang on, I'm falling into the same trap. To justify comedy - funny pictures, funny books, funny whatever - in that way is to say that it has no value unless it does something other than entertain. And I don't think that's true. I like to laugh. I think it's good for me. Yes, I like clever comedy; I like the thought-provoking stuff; but I also like comedy that's just plain silly - and what's wrong with that?
There’ll be some drinkin’ at the old hotel tonight
"They have not once wavered but, every day, mix the professionalism of which we are all so proud with deep commitment and determination."
Who doesn’t enjoy spreading the good news about something that seems practically a secret?
“HSN has evolved into an entertainment channel that goes beyond providing a platform for commerce,” Brand stated. “At our core we are storytellers and entertain our customers with engaging content and unique retail experiences. The partnership with Universal Pictures for ‘Snow White and the Huntsman’ plays a key role in elevating awareness and relevance for the HSN brand. It is an important component to our entertainment strategy.”
In fairness, it is difficult – although not impossible – to imagine that the government would take action over an e-mail protest. But who knows what government we will have in 10 years time? Who knows what challenges they will face, and more importantly, what lengths they will go to? We are putting in place the structure of a police state, and all we lack are politicians with the will to use it. The Civil Contingencies Act, the Regulation of Investigative Powers Act, the Terrorism Acts: these should send a chill through all of us.
Been playing with a few Android and iPad Apps on my shiny things - mainly to do with freehand note taking and Mind Maps.
The Adventures of Tintin books were a large part of a number of childhoods. Tintin the man-child journalist leaping from adventure to adventure with his dog, Snowy, by his side and a cavalcade of colourful and unusual bit-players, from Captain Haddock to Thompson and Thomson. So, when it was announced Speilberg was heading up a film version, it wasn’t so much a surprise that it was going to happen, but that it had taken so long.
Evonne of Events by Evonne shared the wedding of Jeff and Rhonda with me. They were married on June 7, 2008 at The Plantation Golf Course and had their reception at The Plantation House Restaurant in Mau`i. Words on the street is that Jeff and Rhonda met through a blind date and to thank their guests for their support they had a miniature cake for each guest, each about four inches round.
After seeing all the kids cloths last week I decided that I wanted to make LM a dress. Now I normally don't sew clothes, I made myself PJ pants a few years back and decided that was the end of me making clothes. But like I said seeing all the cute outfits got me inspired. I have drafted the pattern and made the lining which I want to check for size before cutting into the main fabric.
Toffee xXxXx
I'll leave you today with a few shots of happenings around our home.
Not much to relate here. I recovered from the Evil Virus of 2009, or nearly so; just a little lingering cough/sore throat and a bit of residual goo left. Those of you with kids, beware; I know it is hitting the schools hard.
He enjoys!
Being in town we have natural gas for heat... At the farm we had this little cabin and a big wood stove and if we had 2 wood logs, we would've been sweating up in the loft at night...
She saw a black shape swinging in the air. Great last line
if an exhibitor at the show is reported more than twice, the show sponsor
Titanic. Debster's been unfairly victimized here, but I sense there's more to the story. Work for an investigative journalist perhaps?
And let’s try to see things for what they are.
So what have we learned? Mostly that people on the internet are not really interested in politics or 20th century industrialised England, but they are very fond of cartoon kiddie porn, psychotics, vampires and cooking. Seems about correct.
If you are wondering where we are, or what we have been doing lately, here is our answer. We have been chasing after the most wonderful little girl in the world. We are happy to say that your help made our trip easier! Thank you!!
But when you read in a modern translation like the ESV: ‘Beloved, I pray that all may go well with you and that you may be in good health, as it goes well with your soul.’. It becomes plain that the writer in his greeting to the recipient was simply expressing his best wishes. Reading the entire letter in context it becomes clear that the letter is written as an apostolic instructions about to handle visiting believers not about the recipients health or financial situation.
National Democratic Party spokesman Ali El Dean Hillal in his office at NDP headquarters. After agreeing to talk to us, he refused to talk about the 2011 presidential election and whether or not Hosni Mubarak would run again.
2. One Night Blues (Christiansen, Oberg) 6:40
Highway 61 Revisited
Intern at the Gallivan Center Jan. 2012- August 2012
Sowohl euren brief wie das Pakete habe ich mit herzlichen dank erhalten. Es fallte mir schwere meine grossen Dankbarkeit mehligen aus danek nur zur verheilen, und wie wir geschmackt hat brauche ich wohl nicht zur schildern.
And from my throat will come no sound
Vegetarian Cost (subtract chicken): $4.36
yes there will be plenty of pics!
chds=-20,50
I'm going back tomorrow hopefully.
BAD STUFF: This movie is derivative of Heathers and other high school clique-based movies. But I don’t count against things too much for being derivative; actual new ideas are few and far between.
So to answer your other question, the stories happen on the page. As I draw, as I write, the stories come to life. Although I do consider myself an illustrator more than a writer.
In a moment of ennui we were watching a TV program about Gok Wan trying to discover his heritage in China (I assure you there was nothing else on). There was a factory where they apparently make London cabs. A slogan printed over the production line read; "Efficient Execution". I suppose that means one bullet for 3 men.
Stage Being Set For “Dirty Bomb” False Flag New York: Passersby Ignore Dying Homeless Man Stabbed After Saving Woman Wikileaks and the Internalized National-Security-Virtual-State Japan: Some 90,000 Okinawans rally for US base to be moved off island Evangelists claim Noah’s Ark found Mount Ararat explorers: ‘We think it is 99.9 percent that this is it’ Child sex `no breach of virtue’, some priests believe Hey Idiots, Read Your Bible “ALL MEN WILL BE SAVED”
The epigraph of The Music Lesson lets readers know that they are in for an interesting ride. If you want a book that scientifically breaks down the teaching of musical scales, this is not the one. But if you want a book that takes you on a spiritual journey toward feeling Music, this is definitely the one. Grammy® Award-winning bassist,Victor L. Wooten, uses story to show readers Music and Life.
I felt so blessed.
I'm still trying to master colouring with Speccies esp with shading. So any comments about how I could improve will be greatly appreciated. Thank you in advance.
Polemic
“No, sorry. I know. Well, we cats tend to prefer spending our time thinking… and sleeping… and dreaming.”
Every now and then I have cause to look over previous posts on this blog and I quickly become ashamed and frustrated with the number of typos I find. My punctuation and grammar really isn’t as bad as some might think when reading my blog. Obviously just editing on screen (up to three times a post) is not working. So I did some research on
It feels like a weight has been lifted off of my chest. It feels good to come out and say it and I appreciate that you took the time to read my thoughts.
I don't find Parisian women to be rude unless we're talking about the employees at Monoprix. You can depend on being greeted with a unique Monoprix scowl no matter which one you're in.
Jetta will always be mine, I will own her until the day she dies. She had a pretty rough beginning and early life, at the hands of the Amish farmer that bred her. I'm sure that handling and "training" is what's caused all the issues she is having now. From the moment I bought her, her entire life changed. She finally knew what it was like to have a person of her own. She finally had a stall that was matted with rubber and bedded the entire way around above her ankles. She had a feeding plan tailored just to her. She had supplements that finally helped ease the issues she had. And most of all, she had the never-ending love that she had never experienced in her life. She has carried me through everything I could ever ask her to - both on the trails and in life. I have cried many tears in her mane, and I have laughed many laughs on her back. And so....she has earned the very best retirement a horse could ever have. She will continue to live the pampered life she has grown accostomed to until the day she breaths her last breath.
The best new reality show of 2010 return for a second season that managed to capture the spirit of the first season and introduce us to a whole new range of artists for us to both love and loathe. Reality competitions are a dime a dozen (like Platinum Hit this is modeled after Bravo’s Top Chef/Project Runway franchises) but finding a subject that makes for interesting visual storytelling as well as provides a wide assortment of contestants to draw from is a lot rarer. Artists makes for surprisingly great reality show contestants because they rarely hide their emotions away (or if they do they’re quickly booted from the show) and while the idea of watching somebody complete a piece of art based on an arbitrary topic and with a deadline would seem to go against the whole idea of what ‘art’ stands for, Work Of Art instead gives the viewer great insight into the creative process whilst also giving us a damn fine reality competition. Not only that, but what other show on television would ever feature a contestant named The Sucklord.
These magnet boards from Organize Your Stuff Now are awesome - perfect for a recipe holder in the kitchen or a picture in the office! I think they would look great made with some Christmas papers!
(Some) Ghanaians take their fetish priests seriously. So seriously that the poorest of folk are willing to bet their last pesewa on lotto numbers read out by one such priest during a ‘trance’.
Perhaps, I shall try
...And we're back to Forever 21 purchases! So you may be looking at this and wondering why anyone would ever feel a strong desire to purchase a swan-patterned top.
She currently carries the items in a handcart, but thought that she might need a car for her business.
The fourth day, the final day, the Machu Picchu day. We woke extra early this day to get in line to enter the park. The gates open at 5:30 am but groups start lining up at 4:30. We were actually the last in line, which unless you are super bothered about seeing the sunrise at the Sungate works out because everyone is ready to move on when you get there and there is nobody coming up behind you. I feel like this is the way our trip was organized from the start. On the whole trail we hardly saw anyone and there were many times when it was only Justin and I, or us and a couple of others from our group. 12 years ago, the park was overwhelmed with visitors and the government decided to take it over, only allowing a limited number of people along the trail. Now only 500 people can enter the trail in a day, 200 tourists and 300 porters and guides, making it pretty easy for loosing yourself on the trail. As we were waiting, nervous chatter was in the air, then the gates opened and the nervous chatter changed to excited energy as everyone started hiking along the path. As we were walking the sun came up over the mountains and we had another cloudless sky. I seriously cannot believe our luck on this trip. I think the Inca Gods were looking down on us. I was up behind our guide as we were hiking, and he was unhappy at the pace we were going behind the other groups, trying to get us there before the place was filled with tourists. At one point, one of the other groups pulled over and we were off running along the trail overtaking anyone that had pulled over. We turned a corner and there were a set of steep stairs that you needed your hands to pull yourself up. Even with our backpacks on we flew up the stairs; I seriously thought my heart was going to explode! And then we came to the Sungate. There she was, Machu Picchu, prestigiously mounted on the hillside. We stood a while taking in the view, and taking numerous photos of the same thing trying to get the best shot. After a while we headed down and entered the park. We had completed the Inca Trail. The trail itself was amazing, but seeing Machu Pichu was the cherry on top. We spent the morning walking around the ruins, guided by Percy. It felt kind of funny to be mixed in with the nicely dressed tourists that had just come up for the day on the bus from Aguas Calientes. We almost felt like we deserved more recognition after exerting all of the sweat over the last four days. Maybe they could change their opening time for the other tourists to 11 am and the ones who actually hiked up a mountain to get there could enjoy it alone for an hour or two. But of course that couldn’t happen.
8th Annual Polish Heritage Festival - 4:00 p.m. – 11:00 p.m. - Hamburg Fairgrounds
The fun with Lawn Fawn and May Arts continues today! May Arts ribbon is just so beautiful and high quality. I just love it, and I am so grateful that we’ve gotten the chance to play with it this week.
“There is guna sattva — the people of Paradise, who have turned into a tender love, devoid of selfishness. From this state, it is quite easy to climb on the steps of obtaining the Divine qualities — but only by the methods of buddhi yoga.
I'd like to add that GOOD Poetry is to be prized like a rare jewel. It moves the spirit. It soothes. It jolts. It socks you in the stomach. It rubs your tummy. It is, in fact, utterly amazing.
My editor at work has been sick for a few weeks and whenever he is not around, I Clorax wipe every door knob, desktop, printer in sight. I can’t risk getting what he has! Plus, the doctor doesn’t even know what he has — he’s been tested negative for mono but is always tired and is not getting any better. The last thing I need is to get this unknown virus that will have me feeling like crap.
Now, remember folks that the mansion is still being built... as you will see as you walk through, there are several columns missing and the lighting has not been installed. However, you are just in time to see the finished stairway that has been custom built for the Addams'. Also, Mrs. Addams has placed items just for this showing so they may be enhanced or moved in the future.
It is now on wednesdays mainly due to the fact I work most wednesdays and that Master J developed this new love for grocery shopping!
On his feathered head.
If you are culinary challenged there are terrific recipes online or you can check this site daily for a salsa recipe through the month of May. Salsa makes everything better!
Dhikala is amongst the first and most popular visiting places located in the vicinity of Jim Corbett. Dhikala is situated in the Patli Dhun valley and the tourists will definitely be mesmerized on seeing the stunning untouched nature of the valley as it creates a truly spell bound atmosphere that is worth living. Lying adjacent to the national park is river Kosi, which has on its bank splendid and well known Garjia temple. Other popular rivers flowing through the region include Ramganga, Sonanadi, Mandal, and Palain respectively. The tourists can also take road journey to Almora for visiting Ranikhet, which is again a scenic and amazing hill station. While within the Jim Corbett National Park, the tourists can take the elephant safari or a jeep safari to enjoy the local wildlife and routine rustic life inhabiting the national park. Further, a trip to Kalagarh Dam would be a gift in disguise to the visitors who will have the option to witness bird watching. Kalagarh Dam area is also great places to explore for adventure activities like rock climbing, rappelling, slithering, hot air balloon, river crossing and rafting.
The photo is rather sweet though isn't it? Or mildly freaky depending on your take. There were no new-fangled sippy cups in the early 60's. A child learnt mug control at a very young age. Skills for life, you might say.
The Official Legal Challenge
I didn't even have a proper mold or anything but i just improvised and am quite pleased with my 1st attempt. Its made with an SLS free Shea Butter soap base and as i said its fragranced with a yummy marshmallow fragrance.
I do, especially if I have an active project, which I usually do. If I didn’t write every day, I could hardly call myself a writer, could I? In order to do this day in and day out for years, decades even, writing has to be more than just a passing fancy. It has to border more along the lines of obsessive/compulsive behavior. Even when I’m not at my computer, I’m adding dialog tags to conversations and working out plot problems. At some point, you just get brain fried and have to take a break for a
Watch it here:
No measurement
At the time of the burglary, I had 2 keys. One to the front door and one to the rape gate.
Suggestion: For Democrats, who have little insight into the disorder, voting them out of office so as not to stress the rigid minds of the poor dears further would be very therapeutic; not only for them, but also for the American public. OTOH for the Media: their condition appears to be terminal and lead to permanent dementia.
Oregano also has a few medicinal uses that we hope to test as needed. You can use the fresh leaves to make an infusion (think tea) that is claimed to help headaches, menstrual cramps, insomnia and aid in digestion. Adding leaves to bathwater may ease aching muscles and hot compresses made with a very strong infusion can help clean and reduce the swelling of cuts and wounds. In medieval times, oregano was strewn on the floor along with the rushes to help mask the smells of rotting food and unsanitary living conditions.
Following the momentous passing of Eric Rohmer, Chabrol appears to have become the next French New Wave luminary to bite the dust.
California based Nigerian simply reffered to as Maurice .
“Trans feminism—that is, transgender perspectives on feminism, or feminist perspectives on transgender issues—is one of many so-called “third-wave” feminisms. Its origins are closely linked with other feminist submovements—specifically, sex-positive feminism, postmodern/poststructuralist feminism, queer theory and intersectionality. These strands of feminism represent a move away from viewing sexism as an overly simplistic, unilateral form of oppression, where men are the oppressors and women are the oppressed, end of story.”
She also ut on her favorite Tchaikovsky cd and did some ballet practice:
A few items are missing from the pictures, but here are most of our goodies:
"V-neck Favorite Tee" $20
The databases are loaded with information and everyday people are using words on the internet and adding more to that database.
we run like gazelles
chosen at random
It still amazes me that that little tiny baby is now a senior. A senior who ducks when he sees me in the hall because he hates when I tell whoever will listen that I met him the day he was born. About a decade later, Robin met her wonderful, sweet, handy husband, and had her two little girls. When we spend time together we are both very aware that we took two completely different paths. I envy her family life, just a little bit, and she envies my single life, just a little bit.
"Hate is too great a burden to bear. It injures the hater more than it injures the hated."
“I reckon I don’t,” said the hunched man. He straightened his back forcing the gunman to raise the gun following his neck. “I suppose you realize you aren’t getting out of here alive?”
He said that it would be unfair to remove the NSA for being frank in saying that the raging threat to national security was caused by the zoning formula of the PDP.
Last week a company called Planetary Resources, Inc. announced its intention to develop the means of exploiting minerals from near-earth asteroids on a for-profit basis. This news got some attention for its novelty, particularly at a time when the concerns of most companies are distinctly earthbound. It also attracted sneers from some in the financial press, though the author of a particularly scathing analysis in the Financial Times seems to have confused recovering material on the scale of a NASA space probe with the kind of large-scale mining that Planetary Resources contemplates. I don't know whether there's a pony in there or not, somewhere down the road, but there's certainly a larger message to be gleaned: The company's announcement serves as a useful reminder that the earth we live on is not a closed system. Anyone interested in truly long-term sustainability must take account of that.
Three tablespoons pineapple juice
Around a garbage bin, there is a “fight” for expired croissants. “Give me two for my child” a man asks the younger who normally manage to get the ‘best’ bites from the trash.
Red Asleep Redemption
I got two of these suckers. I'm not really a fan of these types of cards, I'd rather have the 'Future Stars' rookie card than this type of insert. Still cant say nothing bad about the design, both cards look pretty sharp. Odds - 1:4
Last year Bo found a rattlesnake in our yard. He killed that sucker. Chewed him up really good. He also got bit on the snout and neck in the process. He was put on IV pain meds and antibiotics and was
One restaurant in particular is gaining a reputation for their use of flowers and herbs in their cookery. Driven by young chef Franz Mulser, restaurant Malga Gostner is gathering fans from across Italy all curious to taste the flower power in their dishes. Franz’s piece de resistance during the ski season is undoubtedly the Crema di Fieno, a creamy soup made with mixed flowers and herbs, served in a cob loaf providing both a tasty and filling lunch for hungry skiers. The flowers are central to the recipe but also provide the decoration allowing diners to see what they are eating. It’s worth mentioning that whilst many flowers are edible many also contain harmful properties so it is important to know what you are doing before embarking on cookery of this type and Chef Franz has spent his childhood learning all about the flowers in his Dolomite garden.
There's plenty of evidence neither man has inspired Londoners and both are generally held in contempt by large parts of the electorate but the logic is simple. If you dislike Ken more, you have to vote for Boris - if you dislike Boris more, you vote for Ken.
