New Arrivals/Back In Stock (Bottles/Cans)
I won't go into what makes us Night Owls. Y'all can google that yourselves. What I will tell you is what has helped me (though not "cured" me) adapt, somewhat to the Day-Timer's world.
Depeche Mode Just can’t get enough UK
killed himself later, à la Lee Harvey Oswald, though
The images were posted on a blog, in a diaristic type fashion. I think, for this project, this form of presentation works perfectly as it simple documents their time together from the beginning of the relationship until the end of it, just like a diary. I was not able to view the images in this way, as the website they were originally uploaded to was shut down, but in ‘Auto Focus’ Susan Bright states that the photographs documented both the happy and sad times, but I think this can be seen in a few of the lighter/darker images.
I had a hard time waking up this morning on only 6 hours of sleep, but still managed to stick to my plan. I made a protein smoothie for breakfast, made out of protein powder, bananas and chocolate almond milk. I also packed two of yesterdays meals and a yogurt and granola bar for snacking.
4. Hain Pure Foods Veggie Bowls
The wonderful Booty Buns has been kind enough to offer 1 lucky ready a diaper!!! And you get to chose which one :) Even though they just gave away a HUGE prize package they still find it in their hearts to help us little guys :) I would like to thank Booty Buns for this wonderful giveaway!!
All the poems make great read-alouds and you could easily start at the beginning and work your way straight through the 100 pages. Or dip and nibble, try one season at a time, or a sample from each season. Ration yourself to one poem a day or gulp them all at once! The poems cover nature in the city, at the beach, on the farm, at night, in the rain, in the snow. Little surprises are popped in - five reasons chickens are funny, a recipe for berry crumble, how to build your own den. The book ends with instructions on saving seeds and feeding birds.
Manchester has beautiful buildings but they are being overwhelmed by standard new ones and to strengthen local identity the council should rebuild in facsimile some of the beautiful ones that were demolished.
All in all, a major disappointment. But, after all, it is Target we are talking about and I am sure they will come out with a new, innovative marketing campaign in the next few weeks that will completely redeem themselves in my eyes.
Jimmy Smith organ
Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might. Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.
Are you black? He is too.
Jess found a fruitiness right away, while Jonathan made that more precise, saying it had a lovely aroma of strawberries. So far, so good. He then waxed lyrical about it being, “close to an English ale”, which reminded him of being at the pub as a child. Not so sure about that.
Dr.Seuss would've been a much better reference Kate.
Crowd: PCW…PCW…PCW!”
- Susanne Miesner (Trainer)
"Well, only God could do something that big!"
1 pits
Frisco was the LEAST affordable at $420.99 per sq. ft. Then again, it IS the libtard capital of the nation.
State of Wonder by Ann Patchett
I react to grief as I react to most stressors: weariness. I am tired down to the bone. But that's not all. My anger is there, hovering, seeking a handy target no matter how disconnected from the true source: that our world is forever changed, that my mother is left alone, that life is unfair.
Yesterday a.m. it being the day of the infamous Sprignell ball, I to my hatmaker to collect a new tricorn, trimmed in gold and with a most eye-catching cockade. Thence to my tailor for my new frockcoat. Luncheon at ‘The Mounted Mare’. Afternoon spent at a peculiarly diverting performance of ‘La Conquête Rouge’. Viz. a scandalous production in Five Acts with many shocking and dramatic scenes. NOTE: Impressed at what I achieved behind the scenes.
Now I know this is your fight for an iPad, BUT it's my bday present and I don't want an iPad.
I have no pics because my camera was visiting Cornell University's Graduation. But I wasn't feeling much like a photographer anyway, so that was just fine. I threw in a few photos I like instead.
Finally, Samsung have managed to teach their top dog plenty of neat software tricks and while some of them are rather useless (technology still hasn’t reached the point where voice assistants are actually good for more than a few laughs), others are pretty cool (we really loved the Direct Call and Smart Stay features).
Playa de Oro Lodge
-- Runweld Basement
Peel the apples, cut them in half from top to bottom and remove the cores. Cut the apple halves lengthwise into thick slices (about 1/4 to 1/2 inch thick) - you'll probably get about 12 slices from each - and lay them in the tart shell, arranging them in overlapping concentric circles and mounding a few slices in the center. If the apples stick up above the rim of the crust, so much the better.
that were not being used.
would be commissioned in 2012-13.
To walking into.”
Mary Irene Sharp (1892-1990), wife of Oscar Richardson, daughter of Milo and Lilly Sharp.
The call to arms against the Marquis, an evil and foolish official, is stealthily taken up. Revenge comes fast, in the wake of much death and blood. But they who have been oppressed for so long are not easily satisfied. The hazy line between the afflicters and the afflicted all but vanishes, and once-peasants in new found seats of power become drunk in their retribution. La Guillotine rears her ugly head, and innocent men lose theirs.
“I didn’t want to give you false hope,” Thor said. “We didn’t think he was going to pull through, he lost so much blood, but I wanted you to see him before you left.”
“Confusion”
I’ve deliberately not compared our tactics, manager or situation to any other team. Mainly because I know that there are 89 other teams in the football league who are in a worse off situation than The Arsenal. But there can not be many fans as frustrated as Arsenal’s.
When you are broken, you’re eyes are opened to Me
In my previous post I mentioned that Aldi were selling today a beer from Banks's that on ratebeer hasn't been reviewed in 5 years, although i did see that the cask has been very sporadically available in those intervening years.
Since January 2011 there has been a consultation process with stakeholders and more latterly with members of the public. The consultation with members of the public has been patchy with over 500 people attending meetings in Caldicot and barely 30 attending similar meetings in Newport.
I had bought a remnant of this fabric (I think it's Mary Englebreit - but I'm not sure) some time ago intending to make myself a project bag. I decided to use it to make Liz a quilted humbug project bag. (See my house canisters in the background - that's where I got the color scheme for my blue and yellow kitchen - lol!) I still have enough fabric left for a project bag for me, if I ever get around to sewing it!In the second picture you get a glimpse of my craft room in the background. It's still a work in progress - and quite messy as you can see. The wall on the right has three cupboards that I use to store far too many craft supplies. The wall on the left has cabinets that I re-purposed from my old office and has three of my sewing machines set up and ready to go. That's a really recent addition - and the countertop is a new one purchased to go in my craft room. The table in the middle is elevated to a convenient height for me to use as a cutting table, and has roll around drawers tucked under it. Right now my ironing board is sitting on top of it, because I was doing some finishing on Needle Books that I'm angel stitching for TTE Too. I desperately need a counter top ironing board - there's no room for the full size one in my craft room! The desk will have a computer on it - if I ever get it cleaned off!Those windows face South - so I have wonderful light all day long (when the sun is shining, that is!). As I finish sorting out the craft room, I'll take more pictures of it's features.
Time And Effort Is No Sign.
He fiddled with it for a good while and finally said, “I’ll need to come back. I need to install a program on his computer so I can get it online.” He said he would return the following day. He never showed. That was Tuesday.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites on medium-low speed until frothy. Add the remaining 1 ½ teaspoons sugar, increase the mixer speed to medium-high, and beat until soft peaks form when the whisk is lifted. Detach the whisk and bowl from the mixer, and whisk the last few strokes by hand, making sure to scrape up any unbeaten whites from the bottom of the bowl. Using the whisk, stir about ¼ of the beaten egg whites into the chocolate mixture, to lighten it. Then, using a rubber spatula, gently fold in the remaining egg whites until only a few white streaks remain.
A Charity Cabaret Show Benefiting The Progressive Animal Welfare Society
says:
And one of the other tricks she had up her sleeve? ... These Chicken & Spinach Enchiladas. They can be made ahead of time, are freezer-friendly, and make a huge batch. What more could you ask for in preparing for a crowd?? Don't need to feed a crowd? No problem! Just put them up in the freezer in smaller pans and you're good to go for several make-ahead meals.
Maria
coming through the doors. I was amazed!
KC Yes, to download and support a positive cause. I want to enforce that I’m more than just a rapper. I’m trying to do everything and have an entertainment label within myself.
The Wits University park-and-ride venue was chaotic as 3000 vehicles arrived, while only 1700 could be accommodated. The system is aimed at easing traffic congestion around stadiums.
Song I'm listening to-Story Of The Year "Anthem Of Our Dying Day"
Her rendition of the legendary characters was priceless: The Seven Dwarfs looked like a cross between E.C. Segar’s Jeep and a pack of hairless possums. Even Snow White looked kind of out of it in these pieces; the exhibit had a nightmarish, otherworldly quality. The Prince who saves Snow White is rendered by Garcia as some kind of bizarre-looking gigolo. I liked the part where she’s poisoned in her bed with her name written on it like some kind of coffin.
6. Vija Celmins, Hammer Museum: Celmins is interested in the humanity and engagement of drawing, especially as a counterpoint to mass reproduction. Taking old photographs, images of sky, sea, and dirt, Celmins’ unbelievable, superrealistic talent is astonishing. I honestly thought the Hammer show would get repetitive and have a sort of “You’ve seen one, you’ve seen them all” feel, but it never did. The show just grabs you, and you are happy to stay around a while.
I can’t help thinking that the scratched DVD ruined my enjoyment of San Francisco. As much as I love the sparkling Jeannette MacDonald, I lost all interest in her character, singer Mary Blake, by the end of the film. Mary must must choose between her love for bar/music hall owner Blackie Norton (Clark Gable) and her dream of singing opera. Blackie forces her to make that choice, because he can be a possessive turd. Mary initially chooses Blackie, but when he won’t commit to a wedding date and punches their mutual friend, a local priest (Spencer Tracy), in the face, Mary leaves him for good. She finds success and fame at theTivoli and nearly marries the generous Jack Burley, manager of the SF opera company. A short time after, however, the 1906 earthquake throws all ofSan Francisco into chaos. Blackie gets his priorities straight, finds religion, and is reunited with Mary.
be a minimum of 5 years between them
Spread over three floors and across vast acres of prime London real estate, by way of Island ‘events’ attended over the years, this has to be unique since there is one thing missing; the heady smell of ganga smoke hanging in the air. A sign of the times of course.
I’ve worked it out.
It is all well and good to say that the 'social safety net' is not needed because 'nobody had it in the 1900s, and if they did without, so can we.' This is a different world in 2012. The past truly was another country, as we usually find.
As some commentators to McCrum's article have also pointed out, there is also an onus on reviewers, newspaper arts editors and the wider media to place more focus on books from independent and self-published authors. Worthy original voices are consistently published from these areas of the publishing industry, while the voices from genre fiction published by the large publishing houses seems to become less common and distinctive by the day as editors and marketing departments slavishly look to follow the template and trend which results in bookshops filled with shelves and shelves of formulaic fictional offerings.
I was shocked to see my mother, a dynamic loving people-person characterized as a temperamental abuser of animals while Brooks was portrayed as an elderly man who was pushed to the limits of tolerance by his unreasonable neighbors. Neighbors reported that he was upset about my mother’s Pit-bull trespassing onto his property. No one explained that my mother’s dog, Ms. Pitt, was an elderly overweight, exhausted and non-territorial dog that was given a daily dose of thyroid medication just to stay alert. No mention was made of her activism within the gay community, and that she and Christine were founding members of the Affirmations Gay and Lesbian Community Center in Downriver-Detroit. No mention was made that she was a loving mother of five children and devoted grandmother to eight. No mention was made about how much we would continue to miss her for the rest of our lives.
The following year my sentence was mercifully commuted and I gratefully matriculated at a school in the Swiss Alps. I was much more comfortable there. Having already established a pattern of wandering I pirouetted from school to school all the way from there through college. I went to too many schools to enumerate. Actually there are probably some of them I don’t even remember.
There are so many products to choose from, that I’ve basically just written off the expensive ones, believing they are probably just hoopla and a waste of money.
- Steven Attewell
I wanted to buy one, but didn't find the ones I wanted (a pooing George Bush or an Obama, they make them to resemble current characters.) I definitely plan to go back to Barcelona, I loved it there, and will get me some Caganers next time I go. It will be a Caga Christmas!
Captain Gregory Archer knew the importance of recovering this UGV. It was most probable that the UGV had lost contact as a result of weather or technical oversight, but if the Chinese had figured out how to hack into one of these robots then the USA's increasing reliance on drone patrols and support could leave America up the creek. Not to mention that the lack of Sarah's sister UAV and machine gun gave Archer a slight headache. Figuring out what happened and how was worth risking his men's lives.
I'd request pages here, no doubt about it, but fervently hoping the manuscript doesn't have more of this kind of not-quite-right word choices.
The old SA is frequently being accused of "abhorrent human rights abuse", but to this day no one could come up with any evidence to the effect, yet we can provide literally thousands of cases orchestrated and executed by the ANC against blacks since their founding some 100 years ago.
Housing Works is my very favorite bookstore I've ever been to. I love all the galleys they have, I love the atmosphere, I love that I often run into people I know, I love that it's a nonprofit and I'm very excited to be hosting such an amazing lineup. The official Facebook invitation is here if you want to let anyone know about this special event with free cupcakes and below the listing are the titles and links, where applicable, of what you'll be hearing, along with some probing questions by me and a Q&A by the audience. See you there!
Thanks so much for stopping by today, Have a GREAT Thursday Everyone!!!
There is a line in an extract from Plato in which a stranger, whilst discussing with Theaetetus what is true and real in life, says “Then what we call an image is in reality really unreal.”
Wove a strong gauze of sound around the smell.
3. Music Chamber. In this room the ghost of Laleth's former elven muse Sharlain is trapped in eternal sorrow and woe. Laleth strangulated her in rage with a string of his lute without a reason. Her spirit cannot rest while Laleth still exists. She is sitting on a hapsichord and playing a sad waltz. With her enchanting ghostly female voice, she is crafting beauteous tapestry of sound, while telling the sad tale of her murder (for those who understand elvish). When the PC's enter the room she has turned her back on them, since she don't want anyone to see her facial expression in the moment of her death. She does not give any answers if she is spoken to. She even seems not to notice the PCs at all. However if there is a bard in the party and they leave her in peace, she might appear in the battle against Laleth, aiding the party with her music (providing a moral bonus for combat and save rolls). The hapsichord is already in a bad shape and almost unplayable unless it's repaired. If the PC's search the room they can find a silver ornate tuning fork. In addition the sheet music of the tune she plays lies on the hapsichord. It's a complex masterwork elven tune. If a bard can master it he gets some benefits when playing it (like more money, more reputation, or more girls)
So, who’s in?
the Groom knows the truth.
Sometimes I think it should be a rule of war that you have to see somebody up close and get to know him before you can shoot him. ~M*A*S*H, Colonel Potter
2 are collectors, one is a polaroid that still works, and the other is an SLR camera that was given to me for a my birthday.
Here is the simple Vegetarian Stir Fried Taugeh with Kuchai recipe
I'm not sure how much I'll share about the breakup, and I make no promises about the tenor of my posts in the immediate future. I'll still protect his privacy, and you won't hear (or read) a bad a word about him from me.
Ideal as a gift or a real self indulgence.
Churchill is a lovely old school conti place. We are fans of the sausage in firecracker sauce and prawn Newberg pasta. But everything we have had there has been good
How much bodily space do you need?
Monday will be the 12th anniversary of my father's passing and I wanted to create a Memory Frame using a new die set from Spellbinders Paper Arts™. No matter how many years pass, I still miss him so very much! LYTAM Daddy!
You won’t see many goals during these series, not with these two extraordinary goalies in net. Again, it will all come down to which goalie makes the first mistake. May it not be Pekka Rinne.
so we are looking forward to a few small trips!
The Cheap List – things I found strangely cheap:
Douglas B. Gurian, 38, Tenafly, N.J.
I won't say excellent - except the clarity - but the true test will be tonight. My regular Pedigree drinkers are in, and I'm not going to tell them it's fast cask. I'm not going to tell them I rolled around the cellar like a man possessed before I racked, tapped and drank from it. If the barrel I've got on at the moment is still on, I'll serve them a pint of that followed by a pint of the new one straight from the barrel.
I LOVE IT!
“I know that this is an inappropriate question to ask, but, are YOU single?’
Brussel Sprouts
of course, there is a lot more to blogging than the blogging community; I know there are many blogs that I pore through without ever thinking to comment on. sometimes it's nice to take a step back and lose yourself in the content without feeling the need to share your own opinions. so in the same way, I'm sure there are readers of this blog who never comment, but it's still nice to know you're out there!
Psyche tricked her two bitchy sisters and indirectly got them to commit suicide via falling to their deaths
“Your name is a light in the darkness,
Yeesh.
﻿﻿ Lame or awesome...you be the judge.
Aside from the lack of kale (cue my tears), I have become obsessed with the amazing variety of root vegetables.
Day 22
3) Detail: The Captain kills Nikki because she knew something It didn’t want known. I would rather it was a very logical choice, if a ruthless one. What would Nikki uncover in the course of her workday? And who would she say something to?
I turned and the clock flashes 11:11 (the date my mom passed away), rainbows shine with the blink of an eye, I think of someone and they appear... these are all synchronistic events which play a major role in my creativity. I incorporate these occurrences into my works.
Home Ec is not just for teenagers-- it's for everyone, everywhere!! Leigh-Ann, Rachel and I have created this sewing e-course for beginners and those who want to develop and polish their sewing skills! No sewing skills required-- we'll start right at the beginning (how to turn on and work your sewing machine).
I initially found this project on Pinterest the original poster was from The blissfully content life. She used a hammer and nail for the project, I thought using my Fiskars Craft Drill might be a bit easier.
We have two different books about John Henry. The one we like best is by Julius Lester, with pictures by Jerry Pinkney. In a wonderful introduction, we're told that John Henry may, or may not, have been a real person. The legends around him grew and grew, and in this story, he grows as big as a man within a few days of being born. Soon he goes to work building the railroad. One day John Henry and a steam drill have a contest... (If you don't know the song, google it.)
Have you ever noticed how miserable people look as they’re running? It’s kind of hard to look happy when every inch of your body is in excruciating pain, and your lungs are scanning your surroundings in search of a store that sells bottled oxygen. The only time runners smile is when they finally cross the finish line, and raise their arms over their head in triumph. Even the runners at the back of the pack will attempt to raise their arms as they struggle forward, only to collapse inches past the finish line. I guess the raising of the arms is a bold and proud statement that tells the world,
The butter fly "buttrfly" is cut at 1", I cut two and one of them I used my Cuttlebug embossing folder "Textile Textures" then rubbed a bit of pink ink over the embossed. I bent the wings up just a bit, then glued the center to to second butterfly.
You know my shapeless crags have Wed the stars.
Oh yeah! Captain America made it to El Paso. He called last night, and said that he'd arrived. He was looking for the temporary housing place last time we talked. But he was on base. He'd arrived safely. That's a long drive. Poor guy. It would have been better if I could have driven with him. Woudln't that have been a fun roadtrip :)
A.S.Byatt The Children's Book
I don't think I like it.
Anyhow it was, as always, a wonderful trip. All the good things were in the mix, the making, the relaxing, the laughing, the food and the enormous amounts of inspiration and creative high.
In-game Rasheth is an interesting Warlock. He’s slow as anything (understandably), but has a tremendous control range, and the capacity to cast a stack of spells per turn. He also has the benefit of being able to channel his spells through friendly warriors. This consumes the warrior in the process, but it means that Rasheth himself can stay well back from the fighting and still bring his magic attacks to bear on the foe. If he does get caught, though, he’s toast. He has no melee weapon, he’s easy to hit, and he’s pretty soft, so one or two good hits will finish him.
Indeed, it is just a passing fashion, for urban folk anyway. But few - if any - of those who so avidly follow the fashion and constantly exchange and faithfully update their electric turbo-weasels whenever a new model is released seem to have any idea - or even interest - in where their high fashion weasels come from.
As many of you know, I have been waiting for The Wizarding World of Harry Potter to open for approximately 3-4 years or since they announced it. Universal’s pushed back the opening date a few times, and each time my little heart gets sadder. Finally, it opened as a personal birthday present to me, merely one week after I turned too old to pass for a legit HP fan. No worries, I am still planning to go in July, and I will enjoy every second and probably take 1000000 photos for Dennendore. I can’t remember the last time I got so excited about something that I watched a poorly done ABC special on it. Anyway, I am going to melt in the heat as I drink butter beer, go on rides, and enjoy Hogwarts. You should be jealous.
A small grey face appeared, framed in a lower pane …
In any case, I needed another night off, as my legs were actually more sore yesterday than the day after the race.
Jesus FXXXin' Christ!!!!!
For now, I leave you with this pic of Kuala Penyu's wooden shophouses, taken in 1971.
"I am so proud to be the Honorary Board Chair of Girls Inc.--because I know that these girls will go on to change our world," Mrs. Obama said, noting that they are the next generation of doctors, scientists, teachers, and entrepreneurs.
Nimbus Brewing Company sits in a similarly gritty part of Tucson and is located not too far from Barrios – though you wouldn’t know it from the drive because streets and traffic in Tucson are a bit of a nightmare. The thing that sets Nimbus’ location apart – I think - is its proximity to Davis Monthan Air Force Base. (That, and the giant hand protruding from the front of the building…holding, what else? A beer.) Johnny Southside and I took a couple of seats on the patio where we could watch the A-10 Warthogs coming in on approach just across the railroad tracks. We ordered up a dose of onion rings from a scruffy-faced bartender and I had a pint of Porter that didn’t appear to be on the printed menu. (Nimbus offers six beers packaged in bottles for sale but there are more beers available at the brewery.) The porter looked, smelled and tasted just like a porter should in my book; faintly sweet tasting with a hint of chocolate. I’d give it high marks and only regret that it isn’t one of the beers they offer for sale in bottles. I bought a t-shirt as a souvenir of the visit and in short order we were back on the road, never suspecting for a moment that we’d never actually get to Bisbee on this trip.
The Life of Pi, The God of Small Things, The Kite Runner.
“And the next day we touched at Sidon. And Julius courteously entreated Paul, and gave him liberty to go unto his friends to refresh himself.”
There are a number of possible candidates for the Hall of Fame each year, but nominators are only allowed to give four names for consideration at this stage of the process.
Don't get pressured to live in a state, city, town, or country you aren't comfortable with just because your partner says you must. It has to be a decision you both make together and agree upon.
I’ll still make my way to solve your mystery,
Also, I've been shoe shopping a lot lately, and I noticed that if the shoes are just from a random store which doesn't sell any well-known brands, I don't like to buy them. It's quite ridiculous thinking about it, but I think of such nameless shoes as bad quality. I really prefer to wear brand shoes now.
For much of the past two years, European officials insisted that a country's departure from the euro zone would be inconceivable. In recent weeks and months, however, that tone has changed to acknowledge the possibility of an exit—with some leaders suggesting it could be withstood by the nations that remain.
Dark Fantasy appeals to lovers of the Gothic. Vampires abound in such tales, as do demons and seductive magic that lure people away from civilization morality. Dark Fantasy plays with uncomfortable attractiveness of evil.
Today i have another ‘spice’ post for you guys. I have been learning and studying so much about herbs and spices and cannot wait to share all my explorations with you. There was a time I was focusing so so much on Ayurvedic cooking, especially when I lived in India. I can truly say that this part of my life was the most influencing for me as a chef. I learned so much about what to cook when, what warming or cooling foods my body needs and what spices and herbs are healing and can help me in certain ‘emergency’ situations or even just in everyday life. My boyfriend calls me the ‘Herbs and Spice Witch’ and although it does not sounds like a nice nick name, I am quite proud of it. As big as my love for cooking with herbs and spices is, at the moment I am going through a transition and focus more on raw foods. My body craves for it and I have been sticking to simple raw meals mostly. How I include herbs and spices in raw food meals you want to know? More on that another time!
Other bibliophiles like myself know precisely what I’m talking about, and if you don’t know if you’re a bibliophile, there’s a simple test. Take the book you are currently reading, and if you haven’t done it already, open it in the middle and smell the spine. Stuff your face between the pages and take a great big whiff of the glue and paper and ink in all their harmonious bouquet. If that smell excites you (as it does me), then you’re a bibliophile, and like me you understand implicitly that there is something horribly missing in an e-book. It’s an experience not unlike ordering your favorite dish from a new restaurant and discovering while you eat it that it’s not quite right, that it’s missing a key ingredient, that without the ingredient you’ll never be satisfied. There is a fundamentally aesthetic quality to the consumption of books that cannot be replicated by the intangible e-book. It goes from the feel of the cover to the quality of the paper to the smell of the ink. It’s the way the font hits your eyes and the spacing of the lines on the pages. It’s the pleasure of watching your bookmark make its way through the length of a book—inching toward the completion. After all, who gets excited about a number at the top of a screen that says 35 of 240? But one gets a thrill watching the bookmark’s slow journey through the pages.
Cindy, Shell, Leslie and Julie
Harsh Mander
My page shows the Alexander - Nevsky Cathedral in Sofia and the pocket the Bachkovo monastory.
See this dress?
listing the things you mean to me
Becoming a mother is a complicated thing. Not only am I trying to negotiate a relationship with my child, I am trying to negotiate a relationship with myself as I attempt to determine how I mother, how I feel about mothering, how I want to mother and how I wish I was mothered.
all ink distressed, of course :)
A run-on sentence is a sentence where two strong clauses are joined without any punctuation— effectively you are mashing two separate sentences together without a conjunction or breath.
Locke and Key, comic by Joe Hill and Gabriel Rodriguez:
With your one wild and precious life?
As she drove through the real countryside of starving and angry peasants in rags with the curtains of her carriage tightly drawn, Marie Antoinette was happy to ignore reality in favour of the gilded fantasy she had created, and may even, in those final days before the fall, have begun to believe that her make believe world was reality, and that the other world, the one outside was the fake.
I managed to not injure myself or others, which is rare. Overall, it was a tiring, sweaty, and not-beer-supplied-enough experience. However, the lawn looks awesome right now. I even hosed down the sidewalks (hoping they grow into parking lots someday), which will guarantee a good, Kansas rainstorm… possibly severe.
We first introduced Maddy to solids last month. It has been a long process for Maddy, I think mainly complicated by the cleft palate. For the first few weeks, she would just spit the food out. Also, the food would often go up through the roof of the mouth into the nasal cavity causing her discomfort. She would then sneeze and all the food would go out her nose (and THAT can't be pleasant!)
There were also wild flowers here and there that people were desperately trying to photograph from various angles. We were very lucky with the weather. There were some rains a couple of days before so everything was lush green. We passed by one fallen redwood that was recently cut to clear the trail.
During the peak growing season, there are roadside farm stands proudly displaying their bounty. Luscious reds of the tomatoes, bright yellows of the corn, deep dark purples of eggplants, earthy browns of figs with their sweet inside, greens of artichokes, pinky oranges of the peaches and nectarines so juicy you need your sleeve to wipe away the juice! These are just a few of the crops grown in the Central Valley of California.
generous pinch of salt
I'm guessing from the picture, you know how the war ended. chicken nuggets. And a defiant boy. we're learning people. i never said i knew everything.
Just kidding, it looks great. And my husband is extremely handy, but no matter what the project there always seems to be at least one mishap.
GLYKADAKL416
Indeed under questioning from UKIP Agriculture Spokesman, Stuart Agnew, the EU Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development, Dacian Cioloş did what all EU civil servants do, and blamed Tate and Lyle's own stategy, failing to acknowledge that EU quotas were the instruments changing the supply and price landscape. You can watch the video here.
Allow to cool for 30minutes in the tin before inverting onto a serving plate. It should release from the tin if you give it a firm shake.
“The motive is clear-cut,” said the source, “and that is to take out a key player on the team fighting to save the euro at all costs”. My informant expanded on the theme:
Today I am launching a new series here on KKL titled Design Philosophy. It gives you an intimate look at some of my favorite designers and their design process. The inaugural post is from one of my favorite ladies; Naomi Stein of Design Manifest. I am sure you have seen her amaaaaazing loft as Naomi is taking the internet by storm. Take it away, Naomi!
A supporter of Beunka Adams said; “criminals are punished in the name of justice. This sense of justice seems to have abandoned the scene of capital punishment. Even in the USA people who committed murder as a minor are put on death row, those without money cannot afford decent legal aid which almost immediately condemns them, and prisoners spend years and years on death row sometimes getting their execution postponed several times.
The reasons for this are:
But a suitable alternative, at least.
first and then will have to post it on the internet once we have
In other words, blessed is he that blesseth. Happy is he who makes it his chief concern to bestow happiness on others. Rich is he who seeks to enrich. ” Consider thyself,” says the world; “study the advancement of thy interests; for there is none to do thee good if thou neglect thy own good. Will men sell and buy for thee whilst thou art busied about the poor? Will they supply thy wardrobe if thou empty it for the poor?
A good editor can be one of the clear advantages of going with a trade publisher rather than self-publishing. So what is an indie writer to do? In the next episode of INDIE PUBLISHING FOR INTERNATIONAL WRITERS we will talk about your options.
The vehement opposition of residents surrounding the proposed park means very little to the Parks department or the parks board. The issue of a huge landfill across the river, which smells very bad in the summer, is not an issue either.
Please come back to me
Inside, there were mostly single people (meaning that they were sitting alone), except for their laptop companions, with whom they gazed at and flirted with the keys.
This historic place exudes charm inside and out - for now it appears it's the got the buzz and bling :)
Going a tad stir crazy as my little one is still ill, recovering from one bug only to succumb to another. To relieve the tedium and boredom I wrote this for her today. A simple, no-nonsense nonsense poem that brought a smile to her face, I hope it makes your Monday a little better too.
There are other grounds for skepticism. The deviations from overall European admixture were small, less than 2.6%. Admittedly, the sample size was large, so sampling error couldn’t be responsible. But there may have been other sources of error.
So why did my heart start pounding at the thought of these people holding up a few signs? A million thoughts began racing through my mind. Max can't read yet, and isn't likely to notice them, and any questions could easily be dismissed and forgotten in his three year old mind. The campus entrance is a good distance from his classroom, so it's highly unlikely they'd be anywhere near him. I know security is tight and his teachers are well-trained.
P.S. Does anyone know what kind of mirror (the larger of the two) that is? Or more importantly, where I might find one? It looks to be some sort of antique, reinforced safety glass. I am thinking that could be a good idea for one of my ridiculously tiny bathrooms.
But, he too late.
As previously announced, SO YOU THINK YOU CAN DANCE kicks off with a two-hour premiere Thursday, May 24 (8:00-10:00 PM ET/PT). The following week, on Wednesday, May 30 (8:00-10:00 PM ET/PT), the Emmy-nominated hit dance competition series moves into its regular time period. And don’t miss the series premiere of TAKE ME OUT, the provocative and unpredictable new dating series hosted by George Lopez, on Thursday, June 7 (8:00-9:00 PM ET/PT).
I scanned ahead, flipping through a few more, then a few more. I was still a bit hopeful. It's so wildly popular. Why was I not getting it?
Mostly, though, your kids won't get exotic-sounding deadly diseases, and there's a small chance they won't even need an enema. Usually they'll just get something boring called A Cold. A Cold, Dr. Spock warns, is caused by a microgerm so small that it can't be seen through a microscope. Of course back in 1957, when this edition of the book was released, the most powerful microscope available to the Medical Community was Mr. Peanut's monocle (Planters' original motto: Bringing you peanut butter and germ enlargement since 1916!), which wasn't actually very powerful at all by today's standards. These days we can ogle viruses and germs any time we please by peering through practically any old piece of Modern Technology we happen to have lying around.
Well, this is what Silverstein does – making you think you too can do it! Though, there is no telling what happens thereafter:
Phew! I'm all out of big news for now. Life is so full of exciting twists and turns, but it's really up to us to twist and turn as well to make the most out of them, don't you agree? What are some of your "passion" projects? Fill me in, lovelies!
Now how come Barack Obama even considered you for the job? This says even more about him than it does about you.
I wanted to like this movie. Really, I did. I like spy movies. I like action movies. And I don't even mind Angelina Jolie. I can forgive her for Mr. and Mrs. Smith, because I liked the Tomb Raider movies. But SALT was not that great. I didn't hate it. But I didn't like it either. It was a little more predictable than I like in a spy movie, and the story was actually not that interesting. And the worst part about this movie was the ending, which obviously left the door open for a SALT2. Wide open. So open that I felt like the story didn't really end. All in all, another fail for Angelina.
But I also know you hated being fussed over, and you'd be downright irritable if I moped around because of you, so I'll carry on as I always have.
So...any other Jacky fans out there??? I'd love to here some of your favorite parts!!!
Chances: Excellent. All polls show that she’s the likely nominee to replace Sen. Herb Kohl.
Rat’s coat, crowskin, crossed staves
One of the most exciting reads of the year for the way in which its form was hard to pin down, Beard's 'novel' is a re-examination of the story behind one of Jesus' miracles. By taking an almost forensic approach Beard manages to tell the story more fully than ever before, bravely hypothesising about the childhoods of both men, drawing inspiration and evidence from other artistic sources, research into the period and of course the invention of the author. Structured around the number seven the chapters count down to Lazarus' death and then back up again after his resurrection, where Beard is brave enough not just to imagine what happens to the story of Lazarus after its usefulness in the Bible ends but to posit an even greater significance for the man who came back from the dead. If you want to know why fiction can still be exciting then pick this book up.
(after I called when one of my tired blew out.. and he ignored my calls for help. Fixed it myself I did.. so THERE!! )
It can happen if something happens that you can’t explain away anymore, some disaster which seems to invalidate the meaning that your life had before. Really what has collapsed then is the whole conceptual framework for your life, the meaning that your mind had given it. So that results in a dark place. But people have gone into that, and then there is the possibility that you emerge out of that into a transformed state of consciousness. Life has meaning again, but it’s no longer a conceptual meaning that you can necessarily explain. Quite often it’s from there that people awaken out of their conceptual sense of reality, which has collapsed.
In case I have not stressed this enough, it is H O T. It has been up in the forties celsius regularly. The intelligent cats are dealing with it by sleeping their days away, sprawled out under the fans.
He isn’t very good at pretending. The object seemed to be a phone; it lit up as it started to call someone. How rude can you get? I don’t pay as much as my house rent to have him make phone calls during our sessions.
Love in the Time of Cholera, Gabriel Garcia Marquez (regret)
No wonder no one wanted to acknowledge him.
I've been changing out the branches with each season, and love how they come up and "tie together" the cabinet with the champagney-silver colored framed mirror above!
Yeah! Doc's speaking for you, the viewer, right there!
9.Lew Grade (1906 -1998) – a master entrepreneur in the entertainment business. Famous for pushing an idea across the finishing line – how many of us are guilty of losing faith in an idea when the first hurdle presents itself. Faith is such an important part of getting the idea into the market place. Sunday Night at the Palladium and Pink Panther were several of his major accomplishments.
I’ll tell you a story. I fell in love at a very young age, probably about 12 or 13, with Ray Bradbury’s stuff. He did the Twilight Zone type of stuff, and he was an amazing novelist, but mainly did short stories. A limited number of Ray Bradbury titles were available in Australia, so at a very young age, I might have been 13 or 14, I wrote a letter addressed to Ray Bradbury, well it was addressed to sort of ‘Random House, America’ - there was no address other than that, and six months later a package arrived in the post, and it was the five books that weren’t available in Australia, with a letter from Ray Bradbury saying how truly thrilled he was to have a young fan on the other side of the world. And I feel that was one of the reasons I became a writer, I think, just because of the generosity of spirit of that man, and his astonishing act of generosity. And so I always remember Bradbury.
i came home from work the other night to find the kids a-twitter with excitement over their new discovery: a robin's egg. the egg had fallen from a nest somewhere, but other than a tiny crack, was fully intact. the kids fashioned a new cozy nest out of grass and twigs, brought their new little blue friend inside, and promptly made him a member of our family.
Read More:
From Worcester, MA: Healthy school foods within budget! Where
By writing their stories, I am allowed to explore this terrifying and rabid part of me. And in doing so, the honest and emotionally dangerous part of me is free to ravage the world without consequence. Which leaves me as the slightly off-kilter, but mostly normal and sane person who interacts with the real world.
I once dressed up as the antichrist for Halloween, with a bright "666" etched on my forehead in red-and-black paint, with upside-down crosses on both cheeks; swathed in black, with a black shawl. People took my photo at various parties, all night long, and if I ever run for office or get famous as a talk-radio maven, I expect to see these dreaded antichrist photos re-surface and posted coast-to-coast. (I guess I will have to plead drug abuse, which is true enough.)
We were out of there by 8pm, and home by 8:30pm. Unfortunately, it was too late to make the game. Captain America's friends had to go by themselves. Another time, I guess. But, it gave me time to work on my Primary (church) lesson (I'm teaching Sharing time all month long), and WordArt for today. The long I work on it, the more tired I get. I'm feeling my 6am wake up. I need sleep :) And the sun. That'll do it to ya, too!
Kumar ventured in 2006 into “Frameworks for a Kashmir Settlement”, co-authored with ultra-hawkish Pakistan-bashing former diplomat G Parthasarathy. This contains some interesting suggestions for building governance structures from the bottom-up. But they are all based on the obviously unrealised presumption that India and Pakistan have already agreed to “soft borders”. Kumar carries ideological baggage from her involvement in the former Yugoslavia and the Council on Foreign Relations (US). The baggage, and her conservative pro-Western reputation, further weaken her acceptability. She’s regarded a political lightweight who wouldn’t bother with getting to know the nitty-gritty of Kashmiri society and politics. Nor is Padgaonkar distinguished for his grasp of Kashmir, or imaginative out-of-the-box solutions.
Plus Monday is my oldest daughter's birthday! Preparing for that! Shopping today! See you soon!
+30% off any rubber stamps in our online store for your term
I have learned to lower my expectations of my children’s grades, especially when they are viewable daily online. A recent conversation made me realize I was striving for unattainable perfection in them. I will accept the reality that my kids are putting in extra effort, some subjects are easier for them to comprehend, and some interest them more than others.
Thing is, it takes all of us to make the treatments work because this Demotumor is a particulary nasty strain.
But I had some ideas on how to begin to mend.
The blog focuses on not just wine, but also other areas I'm interested in. My primary goal is to explore "ways of knowing" in a more reflective, rigorous mode. My latest post is a casual statistical romp through my CellarTracker scores over the past three years: http://peripheralscrutiny.blogspot.com/2011/03/3-years-of-wine-tasting-numbers.html
For that reason, I'm a firm believer that education should focus a lot more on:
So with a dash of homeschooling thrown in for spice I had Zach measure and write down the dimensions of our over and let him wield the tape measure at the grocery store. Our only hitch this year was that my mushy mama brain just didn't think about turkey until the day before, and by then the pickings for thawed turkeys were slim. The lucky bird who came back to the boat with us was within required measurements, but just barely. Zach, the somewhat guilty carnivore, named him Pilgrim and was chatting with him all day, carrying him around and apologizing for eating him. I swear he does have real live friends, really :)
- ice
18. Ruby Kisses Purplelicious (2)
If Mom and Dad paid for college and we did not work to pay our own expenses while in highschool or college then even with the degree we are going to have to get work experience first before any employer will consider us for a job. This is not a product of a bad economy but instead the product of a lazy student. Work requires working with or without a college degree. Without previous work experience we do not have the opportunity to show the employer the discipline that we did learn during the college years.
Some 500 of them blocked a main road leading into Tripoli on Monday and said they would leave only after Mawlawi was released.
You are not listening to me
In a few hours, I’ll be going to the funeral of one of my heroes. My grandpa, who my cousins and I all call Pepere, passed away earlier this week. The picture above was taken in the late 1940′s, presumably in Winnipeg. When it was taken, he would have only had one or two of his 11 children. We are a large French Canadian family; there are 30 grandchildren, (I have many cousins!!), and 35 great grandchildren.
1. Little White Lies
‘blow my nose on it’ – man aged approximately 50 years old.
of the never ending list I had..
*Tweet, Facebook, or Blog about this giveaway (leave an additional comment)
if we’re good at anything — poetry,
So then (as if that were not bad enough), he ends the email with:
I coloured her with copics and like yesterday I have mis placed the list, but I have a fool proof plan, I brought a little pad just to write image colours down in, organised! yay me. The flowers are wild orchid, the ribbon and jute from my stash.
Hedren
On this entire earth, anywhere you may send me I will see your powerful bow and arrow and remember your orders.
More than anything this is a lifestyle change for us! Eating Healthier and being healthy! I plan on taking pictures of both of us so you can see our progress....and will post them as soon as I can :)
But no one was thinking any further ahead. No one had bothered to work out that if it was hard enough to collect taxes from a UK-based multinational, it might be even harder to do so from one based in Munich, Lucerne or Washington DC.
Sunday, 12 pm – 6 pm
"The Roswell Tiara"
I also love the idea of mixing different bath salts together to make your own favours - this is such a good idea to treat your ladies and how about making your waiters dress up in white coats with geek chic specs? Inspired!!!
11AM MARCO BARRANTES BEFORE & AFTER: GARDEN TRANSFORMATIONS
Q: What's the key to a happy life?
so I don't have to post in 2 places :)
(Sugar Mountain - missing)
You take a bag of organic, frozen edamame and boil the beans in water for 10 minutes, drain them and eat them! THAT'S IT!
I mean, you start adding up NoirCon and Bouchercon and Left Coast Crime and Murder in Muskego and one in Canada and one in Florida and Malice Domestic. You could go broke.
I do, if they look like pirate ships rising up like skeletons into the darkness of a New Orleans’ night sky.
for some reason. So, I picked
Stir in the cointreau.
Yes I do.
Deacon has been keeping me very busy this Fall so I haven't had much time for blogging but I thought I'd post about the last 3 months anyway!! Time used to fly by but now it seems that weeks pass every time I blink!! I am loving these days with Deacon growing so big but he is growing so big, so fast!!!
Finally I came to the conclusion that some of you I may have had a little longer, some I see a little more regularly, all of you accept me for who I am. I am thankful for such a terrific group of friends!
On that whole messy note, this cleaned up so easy with water and then for the stubborn spots I used ScraPerfect The Best Cleaner Ever.
I simply grant myself permission to shift.
And this Valentine's Day it's time to start loving the wardrobe you have with the Fourth Annual Capsule Wardrobe Challenge.
March’s album selection was Loveless’ debut effort, Indestructible Machine. I have to say that for someone who was under 21 when the album was recorded, there are an awful lot of songs about drinking to excess. Though now that I stop and consider my own late teen behavior, perhaps not. And don’t we all think we’re indestructible when we’re teens?
found beauty in my charred soul
There’s a great deal of speculation these days on Israel’s dire situation, most notably from renowned author and scholar Victor Davis Hanson in the National Review, who prefaces it with a remark that the country has never been in more danger.
That said, I was super blessed to find in my email inbox a link to a free printable from Dayspring.com.
In some respects it is difficult for me to feel sorry for the people of Wisconsin. Part of me says: You voted for the Republicans, now you are feeling the full impact of avarice and stupidity, brought to you by the Koch Brothers, “Buying Up America One State at a Time.” The activist part of me (the much larger part of me) says support the people of Wisconsin and encourage them to recall the very people they voted for during the mid-term elections. This latest move of stripping nearly all collective bargaining rights from public workers seems like something one would read from a history book, or a Steinbeck novel. Denying workers bargaining rights seems so unconscionable that I can’t imagine why more people are not enraged. I suppose rather than holding Walker and his Republican henchmen responsible, we could always just blame the unions (now eunuchs) and blame teachers. We all know how powerful and wealthy teachers are!
So throw polka dots on your wall if you love them
It is fun to see my kids grow up!
Read Exodus 29 and think about why these priests were good enough to come into God’s temple, when all the rest of the Israelites were not.
Thankfully, I did find a replacement car seat at the consignment store that had not even been used! Holla!
Eugenia C. Devoe, wife of the late Schell M. Devoe─a prominent Harvard music professor who was murdered in his Boston home in 1996─died Friday in Canada. She was 78.
Is it different to the Hatch – yes, this version was not as smart on the inside, no seat warmers that I could find. However they may be there, someone else had stolen the car manual before we got it, I am wondering if perhaps they wanted a souvenir of their time with the car? For us, a pantry of jam, mustard and honey will be souvenir just fine.
iPod Shuffle 2GB 4th Generation – The Best iPod Shuffle Is Back
Salt- to taste
The great thing about them is that each coaster has one figure on its edge, so you can create whichever sort of scene you like. You could even mix and match them!
It is ironical isn’t it that at one end we have technology moving at a great speed making things get done in a jiffy while at the other end, the human mind seems to be stagnating rapidly. But is there really an alternative when we find more writers coming up today writing blogs and articles on various websites, expressing and sharing their thoughts and feelings (all using the computer)?
Only 2 and a bit weeks left till the end of term, so I am stocking up the shop and tidying the house,ordering caterpillars!! and making teacher gifts...could it be this year I will actually get organised and be ready for 5 weeks of mayhem ????..I'm feeling a bit wistful this year as I think this is probably the last summer where me and the lads will do things together...I'm aware that with having boys there comes a point where they may shift themselves away from their mum
II Samuel 8:18
Prior to the 1963 season, then-Commissioner Pete Rozelle suspended two of the NFL’s biggest stars, Paul Hornung and Alex Karras, for gambling. Both players missed the entire 1963 season. These weren’t no-name players, either. Karras was the anchor of the Lions’ defense, and a very colorful character. Hornung was the “Golden Boy”, a Heisman Trophy winner from Notre Dame that was the star running back of the back-to-back NFL Champion Green Bay Packers. Rozelle decided then that he did not want gambling anywhere near the NFL players (gambling on football is an inevitability, he just wouldn’t tolerate any of the players as participants), so he promptly sent a message.
The first chapter of my novel was critiqued by my writer’s group.
Laura is an MJur student at Durham Law School, Durham University.
Last night I watched The Time Traveller's Wife. It was a good movie but I cried a fair bit. Today I slept in, watched a movie about WWII, took the polaroid that's above (a rarity, since the film is so expensive), added to my 'holiday list' and just went about my house being lazy.
Coffea cruda is another popular remedy – it is for sleeplessness with mental hyperactivity. I use this if I drink caffeine too late – it helps me go to sleep in about 5 minutes.
Enjoy !!!!!!!!! -Hard2handell
I never thought of deep-frying pasta but it was quite a genius thing to do. Actually, the food truck I got it from is probably my favourite food truck in Ontario because of the owners’ creativity with the menu.
There wasn’t a dry eye in the room as she said yes he revealed how he’d spent the previous three months trying to get all her family members to change their holiday plans to be there….
I scribbled in my journal a few words, incoherent; illegible. I listened to rattling cicadas, barking dogs, chirping birds, clapping leaves, and tried to discern the flapping of the butterfly’s wings as the marvelous, glorious swallowtail flitted by scarcely able to control its trajectory because of the breeze waltzing through my backyard. I sipped my tea, breathed the summer air, and slowly, deliberately, lovingly caressed the pages of the book with my eyes.
I'll keep you guys posted about this when the time comes.
I bloody love this song. The original is one of the most underrated songs of the 80s, and has, in my opinion, the best lyrics ever written. In spite of all that, I love the Sneaker Pimps version just as much. Atmospheric and layered, it suits Chris Corner perfectly and is a genuinely fantastic song.
It was only right, she reasoned, that she follow the advice of her esteemed elders then and travel and live in Stormwind.
They don't clean the barn,
crooked ways, lest the cause of Christ in the earth should be dishonoured.
The case demonstrates how an exception, drafted in the context of the technology at the time, can have unintended consequences at some later time. The case also highlights the difficult distinction between a use that is ‘private’ (and presumed harmless to content owners) and a use that delivers commercial benefits. Where a ‘private’ use is made using equipment or services provided by a commercial supplier, the distinction gets blurred.
Rachel has an easy writing style that I thoroughly enjoyed.
Entry to the condominium is through the use of a FOB system. Each owner has a specially programed FOB that allows them access to the building and elevators and only to the floor of their condominium since the elevator takes owners directly to their front door. There is a controlled access videophone system that allows owners to let guests in the building. The parking garages are also limited access. This unit in particular has four assigned garage parking spaces and one storage unit.
Tote: Longchamp
Pramod, even at this young age, is very clear in his mind. All he wants is to do a degree in electrical engineering whilst I am not sure about my future. So I end up sitting all the exams and go nowhere, fast.
Then, after having had our fill of the town, we rented a motorbike (ever the biking enthusiast, Ethan bicycled there) and drove the distance to the lake, past buildings stained with red mud and wooden huts in which families slept.
Immediately, the Lord showed me that this is often the way many of us respond to Him. When He calls out to us, seeking to bless us, we act as though we don’t even know Who He is. We respond to His offer of blessing by asking, “Who are You? What do You want from me?” The Lord, being the gracious God He is, continues to try to bless us. Yet we react by saying, “Stop bothering me.” We walk off, just as this lady did, missing out on the rich blessings of the Lord.
5. Enemy wears sparkly pants
Hope you all had a Happy Thanksgiving, and happy holidays to come.
You are Holy
My friend Dawit came over to the guest house that afternoon. We spent a ton of time talking and it was so good for my soul. He is my son and so so special to me.
I should be knocked in the head.
cya soon hugs mandy xx
The aliens did not speak like humans. But they had mastered their own form of telepathic communication through which they were able to communicate. They began to send images into his head. They were a merciful race and were willing to spare the humans. However they were curious about the human race and wanted to subject them to some tests and study them. The test would consist of a series of twelve challenges to test the intelligence, ingenuity and resilience of the human race. If he successfully cleared all the hurdles, it meant humans had potential to hold their own among the advanced races of the universe. The aliens would depart in peace. If he failed, the human race was doomed.
Brooklyn Lyceum
From here, we all went the hot dog route, and the only thing on the dogs that is not "imported" from Chicago is the poppy seed bun. I forget which bakery Vince told me makes these for him, but it took them 4 tries to get one that was to his liking. Now he has them arrive fresh daily. Though they aren't identical to the fresh, steamed hot dog buns in Chicago, they are a nice substitute, and definitely do the job.
I used store bought frosting for the remaining four cupcakes. I put one cup of the frosting in the microwave for about 15 seconds until it has the texture of light whipped cream. Then I dipped the cupcakes into the frosting. I gave them a super smooth, darker look. To finish them off I decorated them with different Valentine candy. I found the Valentine candy corn at Walmart. Surprisingly my candy store didn't have it - but good old Walmart did!
Using a low speed, add flour mixture in three addition. Mixing just enough to wet the dry ingredients. Do not overmix!
I decided to quilt this with very minimal diagonal lines, and I like it! It's just enough to still allow the colourful prints do most of the talking!
3 We Are Not Alone But We Are Few 14:05
She did well with the bizillion people she met this weekend. (For background, my mom is one of 23 first cousins, and I'm one of 114 descendants from my grandmother and her four siblings.) The baby did well with people wanting to be all up in her five-month-old face and grinned adorably pretty much on cue. She even let a few people hold her for more than two minutes, which is awesome. Every once in a while she'd get overwhelmed and need some extra love, but really, the trip was pretty smooth. The funeral was lovely, as these things go, and the one time I came close to really losing it (during Amazing Grace, natch) the baby grinned up at me and farted quietly, which made me laugh instead of sob and which I'm certain my great-aunt would have appreciated. And events with that side of the family are a lot like family reunions and it was very nice to see some people I haven't seen in a while and love dearly.
In a conference call with House Republicans, Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) said he would press ahead with a two-stage strategy that would give the Treasury only about $1 trillion in additional borrowing authority, forcing another debt-limit battle early next year with the political parties in the heat of the 2012 presidential campaign.
who's your friend? they asked.
You’ll never guess
Flesh toned cotton, rayon blend (TLC cotton plus)
Also the night before that I saw David Tennant’s rather sad exit from Dr Who, in the “The End of Time”, and well, the point I’m making here, is that I’m pausing my retro list to write about Dr Who.
a free email newsletter about art, marketing, inspiration and fine living for artists,
to each Moment alone.
has grown with the talent
Lastly: Listen to the reaction from fans. I’m not saying this because I hate Mick Garris, but I’d like to see him do this well. There is a point where constructive criticism becomes only criticism. I want to see these books adapted to where it stands with the novel not against it, and after all these chances, it hasn’t happened yet. It must be a dream to be able to film something you are such a fan of, but it’s not fair to ruin it for the other people who love it just as much as you do.
All’a(all the) Boys, All’a(all the) Boys want my heart Better know
I was the lucky one because I was a young man during the so called "Golden Age" of boxing. Ali, Foreman, "Irish" Jerry Quarry , Little Red Lopez, and my favorite Joe Frazier. It was also the time when all sports began to morph into show business.But that's a rant for another time. Joe was a workman, skilled at his craft and did his talking with action not words.Ali was a peacock, a side show barker, but no one could take him. That is until Smokin Joe. And a legend , as they say, was born.
We planned to go to Düsseldorf today.. but we overslept and then we haven't had time anymore.
the miracle
1 privy
The wife spent a fair few days in Brussels on business this year, which meant a Belgian beer bonanza for me. Ordering by remote control can be a dangerous game but I've never had a problem in saying "Just anything by De La Senne. You'll know them by the labels." From a brewery with a wonderful eye for design, brooding Equinox is one of my favourites.
From my point of view as well, this is the base line of what sustainability is all about — caring. Caring about the people in our lives and how our actions affect their environment.
All of these things stirred great fear in the hearts and minds of the religious leaders at that time, so much so they still were looking to harm those of us who were close to Jesus. Jesus forgave them, all of them. I do, too. The Holy Spirit is among us now, all of us. Let us relax, and meditate, allow God to touch your hearts with healing love without conditions.
We still have our struggles. Matthew used to get up any time between 6 and 7 (and that was perfect!), but now after a pretty rotten cold, he is getting up in the 5:00 hour and this morning, he was up at 4:20 (GASP!). I didn’t even try to get him to go back to sleep today – I just picked him up and brought him to our bed. Problem solved! I have hope and confidence that tomorrow will be back to normal – or close to it. In the old days, I’d be stressing about this ONE morning possibly wrecking everything. HA!
Thank you again Rachel.
So like this empty park bench above, where is anyone? Did they just leave or is someone coming? Like ones faith you believe this for it fills a gap in what you my or not know and like the video below who is watching?
2 tsp whipping cream
The dyes being used for Dolly Mo are not natural dyes and are pre-metallised to give a better result for the composition of the yarn. That is a compromise I gladly make because the colours look very natural and lovely and such a result (with a large range of colours) would be hard to get with only natural colours. At the moment, dark brown is sold out in both Kamrin´s and Debbie´s webshop, but will be stocked up very soon. Another lovely brown shade and black mohair are going to complete the range of colours in February, Kamrin told me.
5. Any change in the law to allow assisted suicide would place pressure on vulnerable people to end their lives for fear of being a financial, emotional or care burden upon others. This would especially affect people who are disabled, elderly, sick or depressed.
What really damns NEVER is that it’s one of the most poorly paced action or espionage films that I’ve watched. Nothing memorable happens in the entire film. Nothing. Well, sure, Bond plays a video game but nothing else. Let’s get to the video game. Taking the place of a card game, Bond and Largo play a video game that Largo devised that involves, um, shooting and stuff. It’s so stupid that it almost trumps the ridiculously dumb bike chase scene that once again sees Bond in a safety helmet. He’s James Bond! He doesn’t need a helmet!
i am thankful that 11 years ago due to the heavy persuasion of his cousins and my brother-in-law he went on that blind date. i remember my brother-in-law....
This new phase of life will be fun I am sure, each season of life is precious in its own way. I am looking forward to this new season. And someday perhaps there will be another season of babies for us. Right now I am focusing on my two wonderful kids who are growing up quicker than I could have ever imagined.
Therefore, behold the fruits!
2And if the wrongdoer is to undergo punishment by whipping, the judge will give orders for him to go down on his face and be whipped before him, the number of the blows being in relation to his crime.
Doctor Who has had a bunch of films in the past, the most recent being the 1996 movie, starring Paul McGann as the Eighth Doctor.
My GOD IS my GOD!!! HE IS ALL my NEED!!! ~ Deanna
Frédéric Malle Un Lys Mediterranée
and some very beautiful snowy tags are appearing
Kogi state to the west, Benue
Get out, enjoy and celebrate being an Australian :0)
Now, I live in Aberdeen, which puts me very, very far from that horticultural idyll. When I say "whatever I can find" I don't mean whatever there is in the garden, but whatever they have in the supermarket. And let me tell you, that can often mean, "not much".
If I order something that contains "veggies," am I going to have to suffer through a plate of sauteed onions and peppers, or what? Does it come with ANYTHING exciting? What kinds of vegetation do you have in the building so that I can, perhaps, create my OWN dish? I promise I'll be nice about EVERYTHING and smile, and scrape, and bow, and act like you are the Queen of England, just GIVE ME DETAILS!!!
10.) Voting rights suspended if voters do not vote in at least 50% of elections held in their voting district.
After being involved in several wars including the Mexican-American War, the Mexican treasury was virtually bankrupt. In 1861, Mexico announced a moratorium in which all foreign debt payments would be suspended for two years. While Mexico was able to work out arrangements with Britain and Spain, France at the time ruled by Napoleon III, decided to seize the opportunity to establish a Latin empire in Mexico that would be favorable to French interests.
Victoria the Great (UK…Herbert Wilcox)
I am not sure if mum, dad or Jane felt it, and I know I sure did, and I will on my birthday as well and Emily’s and Dec’s birthdays, mum will feel it most on her birthday in March and dad in November. It will be a hard year where celebratory events are occurring, for us all.
夜夜相随你的身边
A cheap hotel in Odeceixe and we were faced with the first lumpy bits of Portugal right after breakfast. Just 13′c, which is just the right temperature to give you freezing cold hands at the same time as you are dripping sweat onto your top tube with the exertion of the climb. The hills continue and the temperature rises to 18′c and so off comes the winter kit and things all even out a bit.
Well… God just got up and kicked me in teeth. If that isn’t a clear way to tell me His thoughts on the situation up north (I can say that since I’m still in Texas), I don’t know what does…
He said 40 items were originally reported stolen, but then investigators found about 115 iPods were missing from that prize program. After subpoenaing Apple for information, Miller said it turned out one of the iPods was “in Mr. Neely’s personal possession.” Neely’s daughter, he said, had been “downloading iTunes.”"
Walnut Brewery Big Horn Bitter
but I stood still. Fifty-six and forty-nine. If she had picked
Reaching your heart, uniting warriors
Look at that beautiful angel ornament.
Sryashta spins golden yarn inside which she weaves your fate. (If you are a good and kind person, she may just take matters into her own capable hands and improve it.)
Here is the damning evidence:
the children that lived here before liked to write on it and everything else.
Jasmine, thank you. Thank you for choosing me. This was such a cool experience, and I am so blessed to have shared this with you! Every day you exceeded my expectations and made me want to become a better photographer. You are such a lovely person and you give all that you have to teach others. Thank you again from the bottom of my heart.
Amala Cancer Research Centre, Amala Nagar, Thrissur, India.
By Scott Goldstein
Happily I didn't have to lie to his next questions...
Here's the story: Rauchbier sounds raunchy to me. Like phlegm in your throat that coughs up hairy-snouted and bloody ectoplasm. Or like a good-whiskered woman with a crotch full of disease. To some of you that is boon worthy of your peckerdilly cravings. To me it shouted, "Watch out fucklips.' I tell you this isn't as stanky as it was in that motel in Nashtucky after visiting my butterfly fairy princess clone who makes the stars stream in the sky for my middle years testosterone-eroding sentimentality. I hated it then and am more fond of it now.
My friend tonight, (who sat with me while I was working) when I was finished, shook her head and said in this slightly awed voice "You started with a few scraps of paper, some paint and metal bits and you made that!" And I just laughed and said "Well, it's what I do..."
1lb Roast Beef sliced thin
The Citigroup Economic Surprise Indexes are a clever concoction that measures the variations in the gap between the expectations and the real economic data. The input consists of the actual econometric data that moves foreign exchange markets – the bigger the data moves forex markets, the more significant its weight in the index. And the consensus among economists before the data is released.
L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc., Alternative Energy, Deals By Year, 2006 to YTD 2012 4
India suffered a two-point decline in 2011 because of a worrying attempt to extend content controls over the internet and the murder of a senior newspaper editor in Mumbai, among other problems. The score for Pakistan also declined by two points, as threats against the press from a variety of actors reached unprecedented levels.
We will do it again sooner than soon.
Thank you to the people who have emailed and direct messaged me offering their appreciation for the comment I made in response to Kim's apology on Effortless Anthropologie. I still believe in the transformative power of the truth and the potential for forgiveness. And I hope this situation doesn't jade us, but rather make us smarter, more cautious, and more learned.
It's a good list, don't you think? Yes. Then, by next Wednesday, we can start to return to our regularly scheduled blogging with things like new kits, progress on the studio move, and other things me.
The scene begins in verse 40: “And a leper came to him, imploring him, and kneeling said to him, “If you will, you can make me clean.”
I recently witnessed my Grandfather pass. His health had been failing for the past 7 years, and ultimately took a turn for the worse. My family has been spread far apart across North America for many years, though in the final days of my Grandfather’s life we all returned home; a true testament to the love that he showed us during all of his years.
I decided to make Scented Rice in Baked Pumpkin from one of my Cooking for Two magazines. I really wanted to make something that I would never really make otherwise.
Now, in the case of intelligent design, it seems obvious that some kinds of intelligent design, such as Michael Behe’s proposal of irreducible complexity, satisfy our definition above of a naturalistic explanation. It is empirically verifiable and falsifiable, and it does not commit one to any supernatural causal agency, as it is logically possible that some alien species evolved in a series of successive steps gradually (such that at no step was a machine produced which would qualify as irreducibly complex), and then seeded life here by design, or oversaw certain evolutionary steps and imposed design.
What is your connection to Penn State?
Add the vegetable mix and cook, stirring at regular intervals.
We’re trying to find love. We’re searching for something more…something that will fill us and satisfy us each day. We want to feel significant and appreciated. That’s why when we don’t, we look elsewhere. We look for it in different places. Sometimes we do get to that significance. We do get to that point where we are loved. Sometimes we’ll only find ourselves more wounded than before. But, then, the truth is, we’re not getting the answers. We’re only being misled into the ways of this fallen world…we’re still empty.
This week has been full of distractions. We are attempting to to move, having rented this house for five years now and have all the business of finance, surveyors and so on to deal with. The house we rent is on the market and we have to endure the presence of agents and possible purchasers trooping through the house. Added to which our car has all but died and we are in the process of replacing it. And I am still getting to grips with my new Mac, bought to replace my
“Our message to those strapped with GPS monitors is to stay away from events like the State Fair,” said CDCR’s Division of Adult Parole Operations Director Robert Ambroselli. “If GPS shows you are in violation of your terms, you will be arrested.”
untouchable
Slowly but surely start settling into "summer mode" ..
So for those who can speak Japanese, the usage of this phrase goes like this (translation of the quotation from the very first line):
So what’s in your super secret hangar?
Good Morning lovely people, it will soon be Easter and a nice long weekend for most of you and if anyone is planning a trip to the seaside (especially Hunstanton) don't forget I'm there and please come and say 'Hello'
"Let them eat broccoli!" would be an appropriate title for this blog! Yes, we let the babies play outside, eat, and act like normal kids in their smocked outfits! The smocking is durable and washable and I want these clothes worn out with love and memories.
When his friend's mom was passing out the cake, she offered me two slices, but I only took one and told her that we'd share (since I knew Matthew didn't want cake). But when he saw that the cake was filled with whipped cream and strawberries, he asked if he could eat my strawberries. After he had eaten all the strawberries off of my plate, he still wanted more. So I got him his own piece of cake, and to my surprise he devoured the whole thing, cake and all! And that's when I knew what kind of cake I would make him for his birthday.
This is probably one of the best photos I have ever taken, according to me! LOL So I am going to post it again.
TRAINERS
Giver Of Divine Guaranteed Change, Lord, we want to see, experience and enjoy Your divine radical change in every areas of our lives, in every seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks and throughout this month and may everything concerning us change today, tomorrow, this week, this month, this year and all our days to Your glory and to our betterments, this we pray in Jesus Name. Amen, Amen and Amen.
We are talking about a lot of money.
14,325 days ago, I was learning to walk and be a little girl.
This is a full bodied ale - not in the same way that many of the new wave beers are full bodied, with their hyper-dense, velvet textures - but in the classic sense, that feels substantial in the mouth whilst still feeling more like a liquid than a solid.
As someone who's known for her affinity for nature, it's interesting that you didn't see a tree until the age of nine. Do you remember the first time you saw one?
Voon TS, Mitchell AD. Time to quit? Assessing international investment claims against plain packaging in Australia. Journal of International Economic Law 2011; 14(2)
So there we have it. A Series 2 vibed story and a Series 1 vibed story. And between them they've racked up the highest TV ratings of the Series so far. (Thanks to Primeval Anomalies once again for providing genuine hard facts which I am too lazy to get for myself!) Surely this isn't a coincidence? Personally I liked Series 3 a lot, but I know for a fact that after Cutter's death and Jenny's departure, a lot of folk decided that this was no longer for them. My theory is that these nostalgically vibed stories are a real attempt by the writers and producers to call back the glory days of Primeval's early success as a top drama. And personally I think they're doing a pretty damn good job!
Her hands tightened into fists.
and I'll be back tomorrow...
God has planned for us to play a role in choosing the things that will be attractive to us. Peter isn’t the only one who takes this approach. David gives the same instruction in Psalm 37:4, “Delight yourself in the LORD and he will give you the desires of your heart. (NIV)”
A young Bouwer Bosch was what he refers to as, –“a stage fanatic”. Although he had high hopes of one day conquering Wimbledon, the bite of the potentially lethal music bug, altered his brainwaves, and sent him down an unknown music channel, “I have pretty much always been a stage fanatic, Bouwer explains, – “In primary school I did musicals. I was part of the church band – in St. 9 I started playing in Retief Burger’s band. That was pretty much when the music and touring bug bit me.
I came here eleven summers ago.
The persistent question for ethnologists and archeologists is, how did these people understand the world and themselves. We can infer from their artifacts and from indigenous peoples in our own time, like the Australian Aboriginals, that their worldview blurred the line between reality and dream, between thought and action, between wish and deed, between the subjective and the objective, and between the image and the concrete thing.
In a recent episode of 'QI', it was stated that ones pet dog has a carbon footprint equal to two Toyota Land Cruisers.
They look like live alien pods in the dark.
pleene = trampoline
My best friend growing up is jewish. I loved going over to her house during passover and eating matzo. Actually, looking back matzo tasted like an early form of gluten free bread that I had. I think I love the memory of matzo a whole lot more than I love the tast of matza.
The simple reality is interval training does work and can produce a number of benefits. While that 4 mph run does burn calories and helps tone and trim the body, that burst of energy expended during the one-minute run can increase the overall effectiveness of the same amount of workout time without overextending the body in the process.
Round 25: (Knit 2 stitches together, knit 1 stitch) repeat brackets across round and knit 2 stitches on the end of the row. (7 stitches)
Not the only one to cry a good cry,
Phreak: What greatest advancement was that?
8th June – Malmö
It takes
This always is the time to look back at the past year and to look ahead into the new one to come. I decided not to do so. To be honest, 2011 wasn't a really good year for me and my loved ones. There was so much trouble, pain, hurt, loss and tears it could have easily filled some more years. And for the first time of my life I'm really affraid of what the next year may bring.
The court also considered the principle of proportionality and the need to strike a fair balance between copyright protection and the right of ISPs' customers to have their confidential data protected as well as to receive or impart information (the right to privacy of communication and the right to protection of personal data are protected by Articles 7 and 8 of the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights, and the free speech right by Article 11). The court thus stated that an injunction requiring ISPs to install the described filtering system would break this balance. Indeed, that system would involve a systematic analysis of all contents and the collection and identification of users' IP addresses used to exchange the files. Those addresses, the court recalled, are protected personal data as they allow those users to be precisely identified. Moreover, the ISPs' customers' freedom to receive and impart information could also be potentially jeopardized as the filter mechanism in question might not adequately distinguish between unlawful content and lawful content, with the result that its implementation could lead to the block of lawful communications.
However, the use of various, minor and not so minor currencies, constantly changing in value and linked equally to nothing but trust, as much as the Dollar itself, were and are a minor threat. As soon as harder times hit, those nations instantly rush to the Dollar, which they have always still kept in reserve, just for such instances.
This time of year can cause us all a great deal of stress … presents to buy, people to please, and it feels like there’s never enough money or time to go around. A few years ago I started keeping a “gift file” where I keep pages ripped from catalogs and notes on things I’ve seen throughout the year that might make a thoughtful gift for one of my loved ones. I also shop at antique stores for things that will make unique gifts for those people who appreciate things like that. Recently, I also began keeping a “handmade gifts” file where I write down ideas for things I can make that will cost very little but will still fit the bill for Christmas gifts. Here are a few of my favorites that can be done last minute…
9. The Great Grandfather (McDaniel) 2:47
Today really wasn’t that bad. Aside from finding out my laptop (that I bought in June) is already having keyboard problems, which luckily can be fixed for free (yay for 3 year warranties) but will be possibly out of commission for a while.
Style #1: This really high, my-finger-is-stuck-in-the-door, kind of voice, the kind guys use in movies when someone or something has just slammed into them in their most vulnerable spot.
On that note, as I look forward to getting my hands on Sonic Generations and reliving some wondrous moments from my childhood, I’m going to leave you all with a single lyric from a well known song that will hopefully evoke some strong feelings of nostalgia for you:
I looked recently and noticed I had 500 followers! Whoa! It's hard to believe that this little (often neglected) blog has that many followers. I remember when I first started the blog, my mom and occasionally Justin were the only readers.
It’s clearly important to keep our guards up and be prepared for what’s ahead.
come on and sew us together, just some tattered rags stained forever
Monday- Feb 6
the rest pack up and head west in a swarm
Frank is not bored with football at all. He, um, encourages the players and coaches through the television screen and likes to spend most of Sunday with the NFL. Days when we get to watch the Saints and the Seahawks are especially good days.
another happy thing for me too... I just finished making two cards... using Magnolia stamps for the images from Prince & Princess Collection... and I love them
As a quick refresher, ‘Career VB Drinkers’ claimed that VB had changed noticeably due to (a) CUB trying to save money in tax by lowering the ABV of the beer, (b) By brewing it in Queensland and (c) by altering the recipe.
When he was asked to show his IC as proof that he was not a PDRM thug, he refused to do so.
“Run, Creme!” her mother shouted, and so she did. It apparently wasn’t fast enough, as her mom soon stopped pulling her by the arm and scooped her up against her chest. Not a moment too soon – a broken bottle shattered upon teh ground where she used to be.
i’d had my eye on the schoolhouse tunic pattern for a while (it’s by meg mcelwee, a bona-fide member of the league of mad-sewists. she’s way too talented). her tunic pattern is both sweet and modern, with just enough forgiveness in the fit to make it a non-intimidating sew. i made my first tunic in a baby-soft and surprisingly lightweight corduroy by amy butler. i absolutely adore the slightly exotic feel of the floral pattern. it lent itself very well to this simple, comfy project, and i was quite chuffed with the results. i did find it a little too maternity-wearish initially, what with the double-whammy of front and back reverse box pleats, which look really sweet but aren’t terribly figure flattering, so i sewed down the back pleat which helped to minimize the poufiness of the rump area.
Eleven Front
Now I freeze when I grab for your hoard
Then, tying everything together, I came up with this mood board to see how the room would look with the wall color, Behr's "Lime Light":
From the writer’s point of view—and most publishers seem to have forgotten that all writers are first and foremost readers—publishers will not read unsolicited manuscripts; they will expect an agent to deliver an ms as close to the publishable book as possible; give the author little input into the design and production process; give many of their published books less of a print run and lifespan than is really needed. More and more new writers to a publishing contract, even many of the major publishing houses, expect the new author to take on much of the marketing and promotion for their book with little recompense to their time, energy and effort expended. The comparisons between traditional publishing and self-publishing/subsidy publishing are becoming far more blurred. There is still a stigma attached to publishing through any method other than traditional publishing, and the greatest slight on subsidy publishing is that it is purely driven by vanity, hence the tag of ‘vanity presses’. Perhaps the truest form of vanity is the arrogant author who lands a traditional publishing deal and boasts about his grand success while the self published and subsidy authors hawk their few copies from store to store without an arse in their trousers. I think I know where true vanity lies, and it is not with the alternative methods of publishing. The music business got over this stigma of ‘self recording/publishing’ many, many years ago. Traditional publishing has a lot of catching up to do.
Wow today is 10-10-10! How weird!
Alarms are set but much too soon.
Both cats spend most daylight hours outdoors enjoying watching winged adventurers in the surrounding woodsy environs that house numerous even more intriguing creeping, crawling and climbing creatures. I suspect Morgan and Randall are mostly observers of the life around them though they often disappear from my sight, but haven't gone far since they respond fairly quickly to calls. They do spend the hours from dusk to dawn indoors which pleases me. Years past I've been awakened too many times to neighbors cats courting under my bedroom window -- making sounds like a baby squalling. Such cat behavior in recent years has ceased. Unfortunately small pets of all kinds -- even those in fenced backyards -- have become victims of a few coyote packs who've moved into our city since our infringement into their wilderness territory.
We have created holiday subtraction color by number activities.
- The ability to link with The Legend of Zelda: Oracle of Seasons for upgrades and a sequel story is very cool!
Fill sterilized jars (recipe will fill 1 quart size jar)
had to bow for me and honour me.
This is a novel that will make you laugh, cry, think, reconsider, and so much more. I loved this book, and I would recommend it to anyone who loves strong characters and remarkable dialog. A Fault in Our Stars is definitely a winner in the realistic fiction genre.
some mad political skills
THE SCABIES:
January 12, 2012
The aim is to build a tiny laser into each core, so that it can broadcast information to all other cores through an optical network. With even a minimal level of communication among processors, you can ensure uniform heat dissipation across the chip, and you can ramp clock speed up and down depending on workloads. This will not allow us to reach unprecedented speeds; it will significantly reduce power consumption.
7. Malaysia 6.47
I love my room, especially since we moved the rocker in there to make room for the Christmas tree. I love to sneak in there with a book and read. For some reason it is the last room in the house that the kids look for me.
Welcome aboard ladies! So glad to have you! Please stop by and give them much love as they are super sweet and amazingly talented artists!
Of Derek Clark's 13 entries on The BBC, for the many £Millions he has cost us, there seems nothing of consequence or note!
It wasn’t until ten months into our relationship, that I began to see signs of infidelity. I began to receive prank calls, on my personal and work phones, and he was staying out later or at times, going days without contact. After questioning him, I was assured that he was doing no wrong.
I will return.
One of the most striking differences I have encountered between newspapers here in Peru and the ones I used to read in the United States is that the papers in Lima have no issue with showing the bodies of victims of crime or accidents.
Wright added that Obama seemed more concern about his political circumstances than Wright’s personal well-being.
love odie.
IT is 3.99 and features 17 different tutorials for you to watch and get the most out of Pages. There’s plenty of free stuff out there for you, but if you were to use this application for work, or to formally publish, it might be worth the expense for you. Click here to see a sample tutorial.I have to admit, it appears to be very well done.
I've been filling my citrus needs with Cara Cara oranges and plenty of Ruby Red Grapefruits. But then I went to the Hollywood and Palos Verdes Farmer's Markets and hit up Ken's Top Notch Produce stand. He had Cara Cara and some crazy ugly tangerine. He said they were fantastic and I tried a sample. They are sooo good! I said they looked like a Dekopon, but he said they were Golden Nugget Mandarins.
Teeth: Sixteen. Yes, that's correct. She's got a mouthful.
The whole process is also resource-intensive, requiring large amounts of water and electricity. The carbon dioxide may also take anywhere from a few months to a few years to be converted fully to stone. “This kind of experiment is very expensive,” admitted Aradóttir. “We’re not at the commercial stage yet.”
the joy of love in poetically
(BTW) I am open to revisiting the subject matter that’s stymied me of late … but I’ll need to check my motives first.
into the scuddy grey
Thanks for stopping by♥
Richie’s apartment was packed, there was a festive atmosphere, alcohol was flowing and there was enough weed to embarrass a trailer full of rappers. So Raina got comfortable, smoked a couple of joints and drank a couple of beers. The more she relaxed, the more vocal she was about how hurt she felt about being dumped by her ex-boyfriend.
Instead of "EVERYTHING UNDER THE SUN",
As we approached the base of the hamlet, we looked back to enjoy a misty view of Sóller. For an easy stroll, we’d already traveled father than we thought.
Anyway, if you get any weird messages like that, don't click on the link!
still wet
I thought to myself, what the heck, I had nothing to do, so I better just audition. If I make a fool out of myself, the panel will never remember me anyway. Plus, it was the last day of club sign ups, and I still didn’t have a club. Ironically, I passed and my friend didn’t.
So by this time I was starting to get nervous because I had less then an hour to tack her up, get to the arena (which was a ways from the trailers, across another pasture, you'll see in the video) and ride, come back, get her tack switched and myself dressed in my english stuff, and back to the arena! Not to mention braid her mane! Ack!!
In other news,
I’ve read all the books and seen every movie, on average, probably a dozen times. I have a playlist for all the theme songs and individual ones for the scores to my favorites. I know all kinds of non-crucial information about the series, like that the company that owns the rights to Bond is called Danjaq after the wives of the founders. So, when people question my Bond expertise, I get pretty riled up.
It was a hot day, that said I can admit my homemade vanilla ice cream didn't freeze. No matter how hard my ice cream maker worked, it just couldn't be done. At the last minute my daughter volunteered make a trip to the grocery store. She saved the day, or rather the dessert. Which was really very nice because she's been as mean as a snake lately.
No, I've sort of lost the urge to blog. I've been busy with work, with my new house, with my children, with my new man.
I recently posted my daughter's Cake Decorating Birthday Party, and mentioned that favors for the party included aprons that I made for each guest. I loved how the girls all looked in the cute aprons, and the "pattern" (or lack thereof) that I used made these very quick and easy to assemble (sew). I was able to cut and sew all 8 aprons I needed in one day, and the supply cost for each apron was around $4.75, a price I thought was quite reasonable for a nice favor.
Picking up where Princess Academy left off, this incredible stand-alone story celebrates the joys of friendship, the delight of romance, and the fate of a beloved fairy tale kingdom.
Embrace
Fletch shrugged. “So long as she gets trained and doesn’t bring the roof down on your head, I figured you wouldn’t give a crap.”
Life is so ironic.
Blood pressure is a number – George and Martha are people. Doctors must first, last, and all the way in between, be focused on the patient and never do harm by treating numbers at the patient’s expense. In other words, a doctor should never brag that his patient had a normal blood pressure from intensive drug therapy during the many months prior to his stroke or heart attack.
To begin with, do you really require such a long time to have a beautiful make up done? So how do you do up a nice make up to achieve a professional image and be all ready for work?
I prefer to be the one on the floor, stripped bare, eagerly waiting for whatever the perfect, sexy, handsome, smart, mindfucking, sadistic dom of my dreams wants me to do. I’ve been like this for as long as I can remember; the rush of having a lover give me even the merest instruction, kinky or not, from “kiss my hand” to “show me your panties,” is enough to turn me into a puddle of mush. When I get like that, all hot and liquid, my body feels, in a way, weightless. Not literally, of course, and a size zero is not something I aspire to; I mean a more ethereal kind of weightless, like I’m floating and then being brought back down to the earth with a loud, painful, delicious smack on my ass.
Well, I'm guessing that this little beauty loved the humidity because it started blooming yesterday morning and today there are four more plate size blooms.
(Translation: I could crush any one of them by merely stepping on them. I believe dwarfs are given preferential status on the application.)
1) Rosie is 5 months old! See LOTS of pics below... Some fun facts about Rosie at 5 months:
Our judging criteria is very simple. Funny, and we are wide open to all ages. The winner may be a picture book like OLIVIA or DON’T LET THE PIGEON DRIVE THE BUS, or a young series à la HORRID HENRY, FLAT STANLEY, THE GREAT HAMSTER MASSACRE or UNDEAD PETS, or for 8-12 year olds like Lemony Snicket or RAMONA. It could even be for teen readers, like Louise Rennison, DOES MY HEAD LOOK BIG IN THIS? or THE PRINCESS DIARIES. It’s going to be the person with funny in their DNA.
Courtesy of the Library of Congress these pictures takes us to the Holy Land between 1890 and 1900.
Yesterday I went to the St. Arnold's Brewery here in Houston with some friends. The brewery conducts a tour and tasting every Saturday afternoon. It was packed so the "tour" consisted of an employee with a mic explaining a few things about the brewery, which maybe 25% of the audience cared about. Then he explained the way the tasting worked, which I guess about 75% of the audience cared about (the other 25% were clearly veterans who knew quite well how it worked).
However, I am unsure of these are made for heavy use and when you multiply them by 4 legs on multiple chairs- chairs that I love but not worth spending too much on- it becomes more than I want to put into these particular chairs. So, if you know of any options I am not thinking of for these legs please let me know. I would love to be able to use the chairs if possible.
Who/What inspires?
Compared to deep-fried butter, this recipe is downright healthy. Compared to a salad, not so much. My inspiration for this recipe actually comes from Brazilian-style croquettes, which are normally made with beef. However, I wanted to use ingredients that Americans might enjoy. Could I do it? I'll let you decide.
(Just enter the word "malimlin" to see their various offer).
8p - NCIS
No need to even knock on wood.
- Address bad habits (negative thinking, destructive life-style choices, aimlessness and the ‘woe-me’ mentality).
I burst out laughing. Turns out 34 degrees is enough to make your wrist numb. So numb that it couldn’t feel the Garmin’s vibrations.
Release Date: July 10, 2012
Whatever the plan is, A, B, C or F; I am still and know He is God.
7 light
Talk about rose colored glasses!
I've read a handful of the Anne books--one of my favorite books of all time is Anne of the Island--but my love of PEI came from the Disney TV series Avonlea
Since August of 2010, I've been trying to work my way up to running a full 5K. I've never been a runner. Even back when I was thin, athletic, and swimming/cross-training for 12+ hours a week, I was never good at running. I'm not sure why I got it into my head in 2010 that I wanted to learn to run. Maybe it was hearing other bloggers talk about the C25K (Couch to 5K) program that got me interested, I'm not sure, but that's how I started.
The “10-suiter” was easy to build: four suites each on the upper two floors with a central corridor, staircases at both ends, two “basement” suites facing the front a half floor below grade, with the boiler, laundry, and storage lockers occupying two suites’ worth of space at the back (some managed to squeeze a small manager’s unit into a back corner). Each suite (click to enlarge floorplan, right) had windows on two sides and shared a single common wall—typically the bedroom wall. Depending on the tenants, the buildings were comfortably quiet or horrid, as you could hear everything through the thin walls and ceilings, especially the clack-clack of high heels.
This blog it seems has becoming a diary of sorts with events happening in our lives as well as stitching and knitting and I'm liking the direction its taking. I guess it was only natural as the children take up 90% of what I do on a daily basis...I like to think I have that other 10% to myself but who am I kidding rofl...
This blog does not accept any form of cash advertising, sponsorship, or paid topic insertions. However, we will and do accept and keep free products, services, travel, event tickets, and other forms of compensation from companies and organizations.
8. Spumoni Ice Cream (at request of Hubby)
The feel of a baby's fingers across my mouth, in the first successful reach for a human face......
I will let it be gritty.
When I seen Kristina was offering the new Prima Collection grab bags, I made sure to be one of the first ones on the list..LOL I decided I wanted it all and so, asked for an entire collection and when I got my package, Holy Moly.. There were so many amazing things in there, I couldn't make up my mind on what to use first..
It's time for another Lawn Fawn Inspiration Week! Today we are featuring the next critter installment, Critters Ever After! So I decided to create a critter party...literally.
As far as I know, Tonkatsu in Japan was originated from European's pork cutlet. "Ton" means pork and "Katsu" means cutlet. The sound of cutlet has transformed into " Katsules". They just dropped the "..les" sound and became "katsu" instead. While European's pork cutlet is coated with bread crumbs and pan fried with a little bit of butter, Japanese Katsu is deep fried in vegetable oil which yields irresistible crunch texture while keeping the meat so moist inside.
They’re searching for one fair day—a day where the good guy wins and everything adds up to something just and right. Their destination: Langdon, a town that Destiny’s unsuspecting companions hope will hold simply a day of fun. But, as Destiny says, “Things are not always what they seem.” Only she knows that Langdon holds far more than that—a deep secret she has never shared with anyone.
Ch 8
Apparently, a bunch of people, rather than making things, or repairing things, or providing goods and services to others, have made it their business to worry about the children. Like a real job, but utterly pointless.
A year ago, according to researchers at the National Association of Realtors, one out of 10 members surveyed in a monthly poll complained about low-ball offers on houses listed for sale. In the latest survey — conducted in March among 4,500 agents and brokers across the country but not yet released — there were hardly any. Instead, the focus of volunteered comments has shifted to declining inventory levels — fewer houses available to sell — and multiple offers on well-priced listings.
It gave me a tight feeling to my skin.
Guardian: Allah ya3teek el khair. God give you good things. (another way of saying “thank you”)
Stargate SG1 (all 10 seasons plus two made for tv sequels) *favourite*
This is further supported when we notice that Pope Leo XIII has, as many scholars have observed, essentially adopted the hermeneutical principles advanced by Galileo in his own defense:
It is kind of expected that kids are going to be with other kids and adults with other adults: everyone is going to be slotted into their particular age bracket and that is where they are going to stay-which is kind of a strange idea really because it is so useful for children to learn from people who are older than them.
Ryan sat in his wagon on a sunny day late in the summer, absently tallying the camp’s supplies as they approached the beginning of autumn. A swish of skirts behind him and the creak of feet on the stairs brought a smile to his lips. Any second now, he knew he would feel her hands at his shoulders and the scent of her hair would fill his senses.
This is adapted from WorldFoodieGuide (made with Method B, the so-called relatively more complicated method). It tasted great and texture wise, wobbly enough for my liking but properly set. It uses raw egg and instant mango jelly powder in place of gelatine and is very similar to my previous cheat's mango pudding. With a recipe provided from someone from Hong Kong, I had a hard time resisting trying it. Not sure about elsewhere, but here in Australia, when we say Yum Cha (directly translated from Cantonese to English as 'Drink Tea'), we really meant going to a Dim Sum place (usually owned by someone from Hong Kong) and have dim sum and mango pudding is always a must order item.
William Hope Hodgson – The Hog
write all the things you think you are talented at. What do you think
--It's now late...I probably could have written more earlier, but now I've had some of my friend's amazing ribs and I need to clean up before I head to bed. So, good night everyone. And happy easter mañana!
“It’s the health issue of the century,” says Dr. William Thies, the chief medical and scientific officer of the Alzheimer’s Association. Research money has been relatively scarce for brain-disease research. The National Institutes of Health gives $6 billon for cancer research, $4 billion for heart disease but only $450 million for Alzheimer’s, the small sum a concern among researchers and public health officials.
“But–!” The man faintly protested, but could do nothing as he was pulled upright and shoved forward without ceremony.
Could you do this project on a budget?
She’d really need something sharp to cut through the snaking tendrils, to ease them away from their anchor points, but perhaps she could just begin by clearing a way through the outermost leaves, pulling away the looser sections of growth. She wasn’t sure how hard to tug, worried that the fence would sway and topple, but gradually she made progress. She tried to ignore the rustling and creaking sounds that seemed to increase as she worked, focusing on the other sounds of the garden, the hum of motorway traffic a couple of miles away, the cawing of a crow from the top of the elms.
There is so much that I took away from this experience. The first thing is that Sunny is the one who recommended reading "Food Rules" and I am so very thankful for that. Some of the other things are things I am still learning about and processing so you will just have to wait.
NZ Oil and Gas would have been happy to pay their $500,000 conscience money, recover the bodies and after a decent interval reopen the mine. Even if they were found responsible for the disaster they could hide behind a cowboy government into strip mining and a greedy petty bourgeois class wanting its share of the spoils. As soon as the explosion died down there was already a campaign underway to blame the disaster on the difficulties of ‘surgical mining’ forced on the company by the ban on opencast mining on Conservation land. Even though the company pointed out this was technically impossible this hasn’t shut the cowboys up.
Those of us working in multicultural advertising pride ourselves on being experts in trends and elements affecting ethnicities in the US. However, it looks like “minorities” are shifting toward being the new general market. We’ve long known the major source of Hispanic growth in the US no longer comes from immigration, but from births. Now, Pew Hispanic is reporting that net migration from Mexico has fallen to zero—and perhaps less. What will it mean for multicultural agencies—as well as general market agencies—when the demographic landscape of the US no longer fits into categories such as white, Hispanic, African American, or Asian American? Will we cease to be relevant, or are we perhaps better positioned to speak to the new America?
For now, though, I’m stuck in the middle, hoping to come through to the other side pretty damned soon. For now, all I have to say is:
Addie is on the back, second from the left. She did so great. I wish Ammon could have recorded more of the dance but a little girl/tornado wanted to be in the dance class too. Recording in one hand and holding a tornado in your other arm is a little difficult as you can imagine.
The memorable moment of the evening happened when George, general counsel for American Traffic Solutions, presented souvenir red light camera signs to City Attorney Dave Feldman and Paul Kubosh, who led the successful fight to take down red light cameras in Houston.
What happens in the film? At the end of the film, Robert Neville (played by Will Smith) has been testing a cure for the infection that has turned most humans into ‘Darkseekers’ on one such female Darkseeker. However, the Darkseekers don’t like this and storm his hideout. Neville, Anna and Ethan discover that Neville’s cure works. Anna and Ethan escape with the cure as Neville sacrifices himself to kill the Darkseekers. Anna then states that Neville’s fight to find a cure made him legend, hence the title.
Here are some highlights from the survey:
Is a sad waste of time
The Regency Collection has a Calendar of Milestones in women’s rights that starts in 1832 and is fascinating reading when you realize how far we’ve come in 200 years.
There were so many great elements to the trip but here are a couple Boston details that I will continue to relish in until the next time my journey bring me to the city’s cobblestone streets.
I'd also point out that, unlike other self-publishing endeavors associated with major publishers, Book Country hasn't contracted its program out to Author Solutions, but is doing the work in-house.
“I did what I had to,” Mesdan snaps. “Would you not have done the same?”
“The more they lack culture and quality, the more they look down on outsiders.”
Secret.
Thanks to LeeAnna Shepherd for the Groucho picture!
News out of Portland, Oregon.
i'm spending the week with nicole and we are having so much fun getting our craft on!
Oh, it’s going to be a long summer…
Pale 2-row Malt
I am sure you have seen my dresser cards before, but I think they are SO cute for baby cards I had to make another. Luckily I keep templates for all my class projects so a little searching had me measuring, cutting and folding a matching card.
“I think you have set the orb on fire,” Brulee stated matter of factly.
The spiritual & natural mind are special King James Bible terms. They are part of us. The mind I’m speaking of here is the data processing mind that we have. It absorbs data day and night.
A fine piece of Edwardian architecture
Upon being emailed your activity you will be given one month to create your duplicate activities and post to myself or Rebekah ready for swapping and sending back your completed Busy Bags!
Just ahead of her, the school bus had just dropped off her son and a few of his friends.
So to you who has gone ,you who can never hear me say it, I will miss you, your commonsense advice ,your total kindness and your green-fingers, your love of children and animals and your undying love of country, never once did you fall for their lies, never once did you tire of stating it is wrong, never once did you become as many others. We do not and cannot win out, because we are not like you, like you and your generation, my generation, holds few nationalists and the next still fewer and the queues at the bus-stop grow ever longer and the great and the good depart this world, whilst parties leave us suffer, so rest now, your toil is done, I will miss you.
“Either way you can’t just go around killing people.”
Judging from Wen’s past remarks on financial reform, his answer to unblocking lending likely involves more modest measures such as encouraging the development of local banks and deepening credit markets to give borrowers choices other than traditional bank loans.
Hanssens Oude Geuze
One of the surveys also discovered that while 75% of those asked were interested in increasing their knowledge and understanding of the Bible only about 14% were actually involved in some kind of Bible study.
The organized disobedience of 1899 was only the grandest of New York's newsboy strikes. Despite their youth and inexperience, newsies fought back on several occasions throughout the late 19th century. While the image of the street-smart, scrappy whelp was a stereotype often relayed by the newspapers themselves, in some cases, journalism's youngest workforce used its hot-blooded pluck to great advantage.
Red and black high waist bikini, Topshop, £32
Today we're beginning our new series, "Mommy and Me." Our first book is a classic - If You Give a Mouse a Cookie. (Available at Amazon, your local bookstore, or the library).
RUN and HIDE!
Now however, thanks to several sources, it’s possible to gain a fair idea. Estimating conservatively, there are currently over 6,000 CSAs in the US, possibly as many as 6,500. Meanwhile, the trend of growth continues onward and upward. …
Sandals: JC Penneys, $20.00
The man with whom i will be spending my rest of this life;”
Ps 86:12 I will praise You, 0 Lord my God, with all my heart: and I will glorify Your name
We finally found Labour and Delivery and we told them we hadn't registered yet. One nurse asked for my medical papers and another took one look at me and rushed me in without the paperwork. She pointed out the obvious which was ...There was NO time!!
One thing is certain..in two days I leave for Newfoundland! Straight to St John's now instead of a stop on Change Islands first. This is part of the unfolding mentioned above. I have to be there to meet with the appropriate people and to study the potential of this new opportunity first hand.
The play’s not dead: I’ll finish yet
Meanwhile on the other side of the Atlantic, in the upper east side of Manhattan, Tripp stood in the centre of his studio apartment. The light was exactly as it had been just two days before; low autumn rays splaying fans across the carpet. The quiet still was just the same. He had grown accustomed to the noises of his apartment – the soundS of the heating thermostat ticking, the water pumping to the radiators, the tick-tock of the clock that hung on the immaculate walls of his tiny but beautiful living space. They had kissed in this light, made love in this light and caressed each other’s goosebumps. Afterwards they had stared for ages as the slanting sunlight stretched tight across their clothing which had been discarded and strewn across the floor and various pieces of furniture.
I mean it in jest, with playfulness and affection. (In fact, let’s be honest – nobody on earth feels as much goodwill and admiration towards the Brits as us Yanks. We’re unabashed fans). And yet, my cheekiness is also an inadvertent shot fired across a proverbial bow. It’s a little bit of Lexington and Concord all over again.
Keep in mind that I like mine on the chunkier side. After the water was added and almonds ground down I ended up with 6-7 ounces of amazing CAB. I almost blurted out expletives when I tasted it. It’s amazing on a banana and I can’t wait to mix a little in with my oatmeal. I have a feeling that this will be a constant in my fridge!
No Future is a fitting climax of the dark, angst-filled initial phase of the Virgin New Adventures. I think it is a brilliant and adorable novel and one of Cornell's best works.
Where else in life do we spend time with people of the same age, many of which we wouldn't choose to?
So that’s five addresses Rakofsky has used, three of which are possibly virtual offices, one of which may be his former apartment. But with so many potential addresses, where can Joseph Rakofsky be found during normal business hours? And why should anyone care?
“Mrs. Obama stressed that she doesn’t want people to feel guilty if they don’t have the time to have a garden: there are still many small changes they can make.
Despite the no show from a complacent Labour Party and others, it was a very enjoyable event and well done to Billy Jones from the Students’ Union and those in the audience who took time to attend and take part in the question and answer session.
There are, by the way, 108 steps between the pubs at the back of the train station and the top of the church near town, I should have taken my proper camera really, yet I didn’t, so the following are the result of the 5mp camera on my HTC Wildfire phone camera.
Fool tries to ambush Daddy but gets caught. He manages to get away when Ruby and the rest of the ghetto appear at the door and distract Mommy. Fool then goes down to the cellar and opens the partition to free the boys under the stairs. They show him a vault full of money and gold that the Robesons have squirreled away. It is also full of explosives, which is handy.
This bathroom has been bugging me for a while. It is pretty and tasteful and not really ugly or anything. I was so over the styling. The butter yellow and coral colors along with the honey oak was just something I was done with. Since this bathroom needs to be easy for my kids to use yet nice enough for guests, I have to work the decor to be kid friendly (there was a bug theme in here - bug hooks, bug fabric art, bugs in the plaid curtain) yet sophisticated for guests.
It was left to another Jon, this time Jon Kelly of the BBC, to come clean out the nature and history of the clenched fist salute, its heavily socialist origins and its symbolism within those causes which the left have championed over the years.
4. Cloud On My Tongue (Demo)
As for this delicious dessert it comes together in minutes and features a mix of poppy seeds and lemon - a classic combination that usually pleases any palette!
The handles are cotton tubes with cotton wadding in too and were top-stitched in flace with purple thread (but light green inside).
Here's one of Gerson's line, used just after 9/11:
Argument followed argument; objections multiplied until we come to 4:14. “And the anger of the Lord was kindled against Moses.” I feel sure that Moses sensed this and so in verse 20, “Moses took his wife and his sons…and he returned to the land of Egypt.” Fortunately, for Moses, and us I might add, God’s mercy endures forever.
I have bookmarked so many bread loaves to bake and can't wait to get through them one by one! This is supposed to be a Coffee Loaf but unfortunately, since I do not drink instant coffee, I tried to substitute the instant coffee granules with my machine brewed Expresso. The colour is pale and the flavour is weak... I shall remember to stash away some instant coffee packs from the office next time to repeat this again. Nevertheless, the texture is wonderfully soft and when paired with the Chocolate Honey glaze left over from the baby donuts, this makes one of the best breakfast treat ever! The Chocolate Honey glaze is 100x better than Nutella!
Jonathan Antin, one of the few straight hair stylists in Beverly Hills, is now hawking hair gear on ShopNBC.
If a child is forced to stop crying, then he is robbed of a chance to express his fears or his dreams.
I'm off to take Champ for a walk! I hope you all have a great night!
So, you're planning your summer cocktail bash, and what's the first thing you need? Why, eye-catching invitations of course. For years I've used sites like e-vite and even hallmark's ecard program to come up with a an invitation for parties, but no more. I just found out about Pingg. This site makes invitations fun, and they have a fabulous designer series to boot.
Apparently, they're partial to farts ... those musical toots.
That said, I’m going to talk about something I don’t get:
“Thousands of years ago,” She said, power growing in her voice. “There was an ancient war. Men fought Men over the Gods, each Man fighting for the God they believed to be right. Thousands upon thousands died. Then Men who buried the dead waited, until the blood in their bodies no longer flowed like a river, but dried. A hole was cut through their stomach, and when they were buried trees were planted inside them. Years past and the war was devastating, soon Men forgot exactly what they were fighting for, only remembering how to bury their dead, the world was decimated and thousands of years have past since then. All these trees boy? They are the dead. That Forest is a vast Graveyard stretching on forever; those trees contain the souls of our ancestors.”
From: ……….Date: April 30, 2012 11:09:19 AM EDT
Apparently, Norge-nutter Anders Breivik didn't just believe in all sorts of c-c-c-crazy shit about 'Monoculture' and driving the darkies into the sea. Oh no.
Good Luck and Have Fun!
Dear Loyal Readers, and Occasional Readers, and those of you who ended up here accidentally and computers locked-up before they could click away:
Back to the beer, its a golden yellow, and an excellent example of how bottle conditioning can be done right.
Alice In Chains - Alice In Chains
All of these are simple to put together! All you need is some white cardstock and a printer that can print in color. Check out the pictures and then download all the tags you need. Please be sure to share this with your friends! You can use this for more than just volunteers at school.
1 (1.75 ounce) package dry pectin
she wasn’t my Aunt and this was all for a friend’s wedding I would have told them to “Fuck off” and walked out. I had enough of all of this nonsense. I gritted my teeth the whole rest of time. I could not believe her. Thanks for making me feel like an elephant. She knows I’ve been trying to lose weight for healthy reasons and looking for positive reinforcement. She apparently forgot…
I became addicted to ceviches in Mexico. Still remember the ceviche from Hacienda Puerta Campeche. And the snail or octopus ceviche we had at the beach in Celestun.
We are a strange species. We injure each other so much – and to what end? I live, as you know, in a society that has endured the most violent of injurious behaviour – and which still continues to perpetuate that violence and injury – but in different ways. But it is not just here, it is not just this point in time. Consider, as a case in point, what’s currently happening in Burma. Consider the actions of Vlad Ţepeş against Ottoman expansionism. Violence and pain seem, so tragically, an almost fundamental part of our natures. Who’d have thought to look at it like that, that it would be like that? Especially when we would so much prefer to focus on our noble and gentler natures.
They were saying, “Hey, we’re going to kill you if you don’t hand over your money.”
Then a tickle on her skin, his back legs pushed forward
The syrups surprised me. Added to the beer, they recall some long lost fountain drink, like a phosphate. (For those who don't like to stray too far from sight of a hop, these are a distant wander to foreign land--a word to the wise.) The raspberry wasn't too weird--hold your mouth right and you could imagine a fruit lambic. But the "green" was something else. I didn't get "marshmallow" from it. There's a strong vanilla note, and something herbal behind that. Hay isn't far off, but with a tiny touch of anise. The syrups are heavier than beer, and you need to stir as you go along, or you'll end up with two fingers of weird Fanta. I recommend getting them on the side so you can add to taste. Just a touch and they add some flavor without much sweetness. Go hog wild and dump the whole thing in if you want a wild ride.
So with regard to Jesus, it is not enough to simply call him “lord” but you must acknowledge that He is YHWH (i.e. Lord). The same Greek word is used in the OT and NT for YHWH and Jesus as “Lord” (κύριος).
“A relationship doesn’t have to be complicated,” Pastor Bonifacio (the husband of the Actress Rica Peralejo) said. Sadly, a lot of people today want the opposite. In Facebook, for example, the relationship statuses there are:
Click on the photos for alarger pictures, also keep in mind that my microphone wasa brushed silver prior to paint.
That not a worm is cloven in vain;
Saturday, October 15, (daytime) - Wekiva Springs State Park. Annual Meeting of the Florida Wildflower Foundation. Plant Sale & talk on fall wildflowers ~1:30 pm.
When you retired in... 1989, was it?
2 manufactured
Of course it would never get to that point, the guardians of the new flame would take charge at planning stage.
He told the Washington Post in September 2011 that the decision to paraphrase the full quotation had been made by the design team in the interest of brevity.
with myself I’ve been having fights.
Right in front of me is the Bed. He is sitting on the only chair in the room – the one by the desk. It’s not a desk chair, but a regular old chair with four legs, painted in a faint yellow. The chair needs more paint. My hands feel too heavy, my head feels to heavy, my legs feel enormous. I’m looking for something other than him to focus on, but this time my eyes can’t find a thing. I will my hands to lift my dress up, and I start to slide off my underwear. I tells me to stop and come over to where he is sitting.
Bert’s eyes remained caught in a hazy blue hue. Upon reaching the table, he lowered himself to sit, though no chair was beneath him. Startled, Nathaniel rushed forward and crouched on all fours beneath the man. Bert sat, and Nathaniel winced beneath his weight. Only now did that depthlessness of Bert’s eyes fade away; looking down, he finally acknowledged his friend’s presence with a jolly, “Hello Nathaniel! Fancy seeing you here! What are you doing down there? I seem to recall you being taller.”
I pull gently...
10nos Peppercorns
I couldn’t believe she was still on board, but it was too late to stop.
Wine pairing: Mizbasho Sparkling Sake "Pure,", Gunma, Japan
I wake up for work the next day and realize there is a lot more water than I originally thought. This is evident in the water that has now begun seeping out into the entryway by the font door. I arrive at work and explain the problem to my co-teacher, who eventually calls the landlord. I’ve gotten used to assuming the worse in these types of situations so I’m already thinking that I’ll end up having to foot the the bill for any repairs that need to be made, or at the very least have to stay somewhere else for a few days while the problem gets sorted out.
*This Comp is now closed, winner will be drawn soon!!
“How do you want me?” She continued to tease him, as she perched herself provocatively on the edge of the sofa, crossing her legs.
Anyway, Season 2 starts on April 1st. I'm really excited because it's sexy, romantic, cunning, dangerous, and all around riveting. And I'm most excited about the new character of Melissandre (sp?). She's just dang cool.
Rissad's arm tightened across Rel's shoulders, and the Gatemaker drew his good leg up close to his body. As gently as he could, Rel pushed to his feet, bringing the other man with him. It was clumsy and awkward, and Rel found his own legs distinctly wobbly as the two men straightened and clung to each other for balance, but they made it. Rissad cursed with every halting step as they moved towards the door. It might have been faster to crawl.
Mom, you amaze me. I wouldn't be the person I am today without your influence and the stable foundation you gave me to build on. Your support and enthusiasm for my writing, and my life in general, strengthen me. You may not have been able to teach me singing or grammar (not for lack of your trying) but your influence is felt in all aspects of my life. Thank you for being strong, thank you for being who you are, and thank you for putting up with me. Happy Mother's Day.
Added the steep water and one can of extract, turned heat up. Boiled for 60 minutes, added the hops (all pellets) at the intervals listed above. At flame out I added the other can of extract.
I do not want to expand the government, but to deny millions unemployment when there are no jobs is completely and utterly heartless! It just goes to show that the only change we have seen is for the worse! For months before the election I warned that it would be a economic nightmare after the election. This has come to pass. Many say that the benifits have been extended enough! However, I am not sure everyone understands how this works. What it means is that many who have collected unemployment for a year and a half have no more benifits, that being said, I also want to piont out that many who have been unemployed for a few months also have no benifits!
One of my most favorite things to do is stroll through the Fine Art building and take a peek at all the pieces chosen for display. The State Fair competition is one of the state's largest juried art competitions. Inspirations abounded this year, but one piece called to me and kept muse (and me by default) up half the night dreaming of story ideas.
May is getting married next year so they came to the Wreath Clinic to experiment making some bridal flowers. The mock-up bridal bouquet is at the top of this post. And they made a bridesmaid's bouquet and pew clip:
Maybe I'm blogged out. Burned out? Stressed out?
Amiri Baraka – Preface to a Twenty Volume Suicide Note
What we eat is important to how we look, feel and perform, but just as important is how much we eat. You can be vegan, vegetarian or a meat lover and still be overweight by consuming too much of whatever it is you’re eating. One great example is almonds. They’re a wonderful healthy fat and an all-around great food. However, a serving of almonds is generally nine to 12 pieces, so eating a bag is not a good choice.
Duty (24 hours of being gone) averaging every 5 days alone makes up nearly 1,500 hundred days gone.
You better slow down.
To be continued..
And I guess that's about it. I had big plans for direct seeding more cool season, quickly maturing fall crops like lettuce and arugula (read about how to grow them from seed here and here), but that never happened. I did,however, manage to plant a 4'x8' raised bed with garlic last week—on time for the second year in a row!
Add it all to a shaker, filled with ice.
I felt our souls were so kindred, with so so many years of memories and laughter… he was just my best friend.
I look rough and I feel rougher. Any sparkle that I once had in my eyes has been replaced by a complacent kind of darkness.
of a world that’s half crazy and armed to the teeth;
P.S. ALAS, I will not be going on this journey-big sigh.
**The First Wire, NYC Team**
I love my brushes and I know you will love these too.
The experimental evidence for the Big Bang theory is many-fold, and stands independently from all the evidence for General Relativity. There is the redshift of far away galaxies, indicating that they are moving away from us. There is the cosmic microwave background radiation, which is thermal radiation from when the universe became cool enough that it became transparent. The observed proportions of elements agrees with the prediction from Big Bang theory. There are numerous other lines of evidence that I don't have time to name.
Here's a close up. I used the smallest flower in the Fruit and Flowers set to layer up the flower and I love the different shades of purple you can get just by stamping more than once without re-inking.
Please comment your favorite god, hero, book, greek myth or anything. For all my hard work? Pretty Please? It would make my night. Please like this and follow my blog. Thanks.
I can’t take it anymore. I’m absolutely yearning for an innovative, contemporary yet authentic Mexican restaurant in this city (thus, secretly hoping the rumors of an Aaron Sanchez-owned spot come true).
by Nancy Colier
They are going to chase the other African tribes and nations out of SA (those that survive, if any).
Adam and Eve could have resisted the tempter and obeyed God. But they chose death to life and we have been fighting death ever since. It is normal for one to cling to life. But Hebrews9:27tells us that it is appointed unto man oncer to die, but after that the judgment.
I didn't know much - and when I say much I mean anything - about Bach Trumpets. Come to find out it's one of the most respected names in brass.
My application of Bad Fairy was horrendous, so I'm not going to give you the normal pictures. Wah ha ha! Everyone has seen a bajillion pictures of it by now anyway. I'll just share a couple pictures that I took and liked.
To live with the vacuum my body had become.....
I do ask the trans-gender community how you or your families have dealt with things as simple as pictures. Will M start accepting the past as the metamorphosis (thx HC84 for that term-I love it) gets stronger?
It was a beautiful day
Raw rice - 2 - 3 tbsp
Let me close by mentioning the dessert section. There were cakes behind a refrigerated display, with some pinoy kakanins on top of the ref. Beside it was a crepe section, and on the rightmost was an ice cream freezer. To handle the demands, there was one member of the staff that was cooking the crepe while scooping ice cream and handing out the requested cakes. She was in so much panic that she didn’t care if the chocolate slice over my cake fell and didn’t make it to my expecting hands. How could I complain when you could clearly see that there was a long line at the crepes and ice cream section too? And apparently, panic makes you forget that you can’t use the same plastic glove to prepare the food and scratch your nose.
He still hasn't had much interest in potty training. I thought he might jump into it more quickly because of Holden, but so far that hasn't happened.
The film captured the life of Soraya, a woman whose sole reason for dying was the fact that her cruel husband wanted to get rid of her. Initially he wanted a divorce but she could not grant him the divorce because she needed to protect her children by ensuring that they were provided for. If she had gotten the divorce then her husband would have only needed to take care of their two sons but not the two daughters and the wife because women in Soraya’s village were not considered important. A divorced woman and her daughters were not entitled to any benefits or care from the husband and father after the divorce. So Soraya stayed in the marriage for her children.
Shu finally gets to do the test, just runs away from the endlave he’s got to get past because he fucking sucks. And then he whines and complains and just continues to be really unlikeable. And then he bumps into Argo (the one with the yellow and brown hair whose name I never remember) and decides to cheat and grab his void while crappy j-rock plays in the background. I have no idea what the fuck it’s meant to be or do, but it seems to cause the endlave to be unable to see or really do anything.
he would do away with
Lex Talionis/Satanic Victory (Blackend Records 1997 unauthorized release)
This fortnights little winner can win another fab little prize from one of our lovely monthly sponsor
* Less green house gas: A hydroelectric power plant produces lesser amounts of green house gases as compared to a thermal power plant.
Every handyman needs to know the basics of a record keeping system. Here we look at the things you should do to keep your financial records straight when you decide to become a professional.
More next week from Oliver Letswin
System: PAL/NTSC
We gave XJ a bowl too. Seeing his brother enjoying every strand of noodles, XJ can't resist and polished off her bowl too !
"I just want to tell my wife the word is sternum."
When Sunday came, the minute I walked in the door my Dad wanted to see the dvd, but I told him to wait until everybody got there. Time ticked, we cooked dinner, all the uncles arrived, and then it was showtime. When the dvd started, I saw my Mom's face light up. She loved it. Everyone did. Even though there was only about 18 minutes of footage, they watched it over and over again seeing who they could pick out. It ended up being a great gift.
Yesterday was the longest day of my life.
3. Pluto The Dog (2:50)
Lydia had earlier defended Sun Xu on her blog, reprimanding Singaporeans for being ‘petty’ and refusing to let him off.
We won fair and square. And by over 300 points. Boo YA!
Stickers/rub-ons/ bling - only have one storage issue. THEY MUST BE STORED FLAT. If you choose vertical storage or horizontal these are items that can not be bent. It usually is easier to keep them stored in the original package too. Just for safe keeping, to make sure nothing begins to peel off an image you may need later while it is jumbled around without the protective packaging.
The sign said ‘Stop’ – but we went on whole-hearted
So the market could be putting in a bottom here with one more push up to 1440 or so. Or, it could move down to 1300-1340. It already made it down to 1378 this morning so based on my metrics this correction is likely already 1/3 to 1/2 way done in terms of price (from 1422) and is very oversold near term. Keep an eye on Apple Computer (AAPL). As long as it continues to hold up I don’t think we will see much of a correction. If it breaks, that would suggest that people are being forced to sell what they have to and not what they want to which is typical when the market gets into capitulation mode. Thus far we aren’t there.
Turkish-Israeli dogfight over occupied northern Cyprus US Ambassador to Israel Dan Shapiro: ‘The military option against Iran isn’t just possible, it’s ready Israel’s space program (Scientific American) Wultz family awarded large damages Fayyad and Abbas Complete the Ramallah Reshuffle Overnight music video Iran told Hezbullah not to attack Israel? Hezbullah fighting for Assad Inevitable: North Korea back to work on reactor Latest nonsense from Shlomo Sand – “The Land of Israel is a myth” Wikileaks may have outed ‘Mossad agent’ causing his death Shop-A-Fada!
I think most of my posts from FOB Apache have included at least one picture of Alexander the Great’s Castle. It really is an impressive sight sitting near the floor of the Tarnak River valley in Qalat. When you consider it was built some 2000 years ago and has been used as a military fortress every since, it only adds to the mystique. It is currently used by the Afghan National Army (ANA).
Modern life is full of hassles, deadlines, frustrations, and demands. For many people, stress is so commonplace that it has become a way of life. Stress isn’t always bad. In small doses, it can help you perform under pressure and motivate you to do your best. But when you’re constantly running in emergency mode, your mind and body pay the price.
Britain, unlike America, has certain "national" institutions that may require "nurturing" from time to time, and it may be that US -style federalism does not transmit well across the Atlantic. Fair enough. But Libertarianism is far from being a utopian religion like liberalism or socialism, encouraging as it does, individuals and communities to make the best choices for themselves where it matters.
propaganda that it was the Iraq war and the war on terror that is bankrupting us.
The industry needs to show it’s capable of regulating itself and that this kind of trash has no place within it. This is extremely important as pretty soon PEGI will not just be a recommendation on the box, but a legally enforceable requirement.
we've added and/or changed some class dates around, so if you are interested (see pictures on previous blog posts), let us know.. 314.822.5544. thanks!
This first is that Number One Son qualified for the regional wrestling tournament!! I am so proud of him! He has worked hard for this and being that this is his senior year, I love that he's doing well. So this weekend, we will be in a hot, stinky gym cheering our son and his teammates on. A total of 10 wrestlers from his high school made it to regionals. In my opinion, as an unbiased mama (ahem), that is pretty dang impressive.
Small mixing bowl
I'm already overwhelmed with school work so I took a night to myself to just focus on relaxing and unfortunately, studying and catching up on some reading for class (total nerd, I know).
This is not about race. This is how Umno intends to win the 13th general election and the sooner we deal with it the better.
I’m pretty sure that Goodreads suggested Jennifer Ashley‘s book, The Madness of Lord Ian Mackenzie, to me after I rated Sarah Maclean‘s work so highly on its site. I was a little skeptical that I would enjoy a Victorian romance (a lot of them are very tame or just a little boring), but the reviewers raved about her writing so I had to give it a try.
Here are some more pics, for your viewing pleasure. Cheers!
This morning I planned on writing about an inspiring adventure I just had. However, I’m a bit guilt-ridden to splash words on this page regarding said adventures. These moments of deep introspection come frequently, but finding the opportunities to articulate them do not.
This is, in particular, how you do your cooking in the galley on the boat?
I'm determined to do another half this year, and definitely several 5K's in the coming months, mainly to prove to myself that I can do it. Saturday was just not my day to PR, but I know there will be another race where it is my day.
Instead, the big takeaway I learned is that you need to forget your vision for something and get to the place where you’re DOING the thing instead. And funny enough, you’ll figure out exactly HOW you’re supposed to be doing it.
Thank God for the blessing of a kind word! I have so often been the recipient of such words. An earnest “I’m praying for you”, a caring “how’s your health?”, or a sincere “I really appreciate you.” Kind words like these really cheer the heart and in each of the above examples I can recall a specific instance that I continue to draw energy from. In the second daily text the word for “cheer” is literally derived from a Hebrew word meaning to “brighten up.”
Anyhooo, while taking that first bite of the Baconator, I find that Wendy’s beef patty lacks MSG, I know I know MSG is bad for you so it tasted rather bleargh at first bite (still I have no idea why I still patronize the eatery) After a few bites, I suddenly panicked! Why? Because the beef tasted ‘different’ like bacon as in pig pork bacon (not that I’ve tasted it to know the difference!). It doesnt help that from where I am sitting, I couldnt find any halal logo anywhere on the glass wall/door. Oh boy oh boy…I immediately stop munching! You cannot imagine how hysterical I got, not helping that I notice those ladies outside the eatery were staring at me! They must have thought ‘why is she eating there?!’ ‘she’s wearing hijab but ate Wendy’s?!!’.
Today, the people in charge of generating demand for products and services have an interesting challenge on their plate. I’ll use the term “marketer” for them, but I admit you could make an argument that the term isn’t totally sufficient. Marketers of old had a much simpler world in which to operate. They had billboards. They had radio and television ads. They had pages in magazines. They had a portfolio of options for trying to generate demand for their products, yet they didn’t face the same challenge of the marketers of 2012.
Я хочу поделится с вами печальной новостью...
In any case PR better be forewarned. As the General Election looms around a mysterious corner, it is obligatory and a categorical imperative that all three members – PKR, DAP and PAS get their act cemented together. There should be no space for even a hairline crack or tiny chip to your solidarity, viewpoints and coalition principles.
introduce baby Erin to the family. The brief was to create a casual luncheon using
The Executive pack adds on ‘set your own price’, author copies significantly step up to 75 paperback and 25 hardback copies, a step up on the marketing materials and the press release outlets. We are now at $5999 bucks!
However, only a reader can achieve Johnson’s ultimate objective: To make their life and their achievements “remarkable” by daring to dream. In fact, as Johnson and countless contributors to this book affirm and then reaffirm without hesitation, a “chain of dreams” must be initiated and then sustained. These dreams need not be epic in scope or universal in impact. In essence, each dream (whatever its nature and extent) offers a “snapshot” of what can be better, more fulfilling, of greater value to one’s self and to others. As for the “chain,” it will be created during a personal journey of discovery. Whitney Johnson prepares her reader well for that journey. Let it begin now.
VandM is a big world to discover and I've really only spent time looking through the decor inventory so far. There is some really fabulous merch and it's a great resource. Here are some of my favorite finds from their coffers...
Very Vanilla Cardstock: Stampin' Up
Les Daniels – Wereman (aka ‘By the Light of the Silvery Moon’)
(The LNP is the major conservative party in my home State of Queensland. It has just won a landslide election -- JR)
If you use Facebook (and if you do, you're a 12-year old girl, which means if you aren't a 12-year old girl, you're basically a paedophile) you will have noticed areas of it devoted to little advertisements for things that you may have mentioned in status updates or exchanges with friends. It's a very, very clever algorithm that almost reads your mind.
Stranded people face a cruel dilemma: If they do not flee, they may get killed in the crossfire; if not that, then they face imminent starvation, according to observers and some IDPs, including Khan.
Then we looked into adoption and were told we were absurd for wanting to specify gender. We were told of the hundreds of stories of people who were just trying to have ONE baby. ANY baby. Yes, I got it. My sister sufferred from infertility for SIX YEARS before finally conceiving her oldest daughter. Yes, she was gender wishful. A girl. We went on to have our own biological child again, another boy.
Gingrich: nothing - I just want to know if he’s
The Session Beer Project is a non-profit, unorganized, unofficial effort to popularize and support the brewing and enjoyment of session beers. You can read more about it here and here.
Your first band is always listed as Sparks, but were there any bands before that?
I was curious to see how a large corporation such as Massey would handle such a tragedy on its website. Could they forsake the usual self-congratulatory blurbs, the smiling families who benefit from their product, and the thumbnail corporate snapshot (diluted earnings per share — $1.22!) long enough to confront the realities of a disaster? They got around to it, eventually.
Having HB was a derailment of sorts. It was a hard five years. There were most certainly moments during that time I felt I’d made a mistake in deciding to reproduce, when I had to just have faith that one day it would get better — though I did have a sense that most of the things that made his baby and toddler years so hard would also make him a really cool kid eventually.
My father in- law was nice enough to let us scoop up some spare boards off his farm.
Everybody is good enough, everybody is perfect the way they are, but not everybody has taken the time to appreciate their own true value. Many are way more worried about the things they can’t do, or how they think they have to take responsibility for other people’s shi+ show. And as soon as people start to realize that they need to take care of themselves first, they can then truly start to STEP into their own greatness. It’s amazing how when they do this, the Universe steps in to help.
-Thoroughly clean the boys' rooms
Inspiration is the key ... and fun will be the result!
Continue to make loops this way until you have a line of them, just like a line of crochet stitch!
Another jacked-up part of this project is that the land to be used is owned by the same MTA that operates the subway and even now is crying poverty to raise the transit fares. Well the land itself was valued at $215 million and yet they allowed Ratner to buy it for only $50 which he hasn't paid after six years.
So it's raining out and I'm listening to Jennifer Knapp and guzzling coffee and pretending to read Paradise Lost...
I run back upstairs and peek into the bedrooms. It’s dark, its quiet. Slowly I walk to the French doors, I part them slowly expecting to see something. It’s nothing.
The Koran states: "When the sacred months are past, kill those who join other gods wherever you find them, and seize them, beleaguer them, and lie in wait for them with every kind of ambush; but if they convert and observe prayer and pay the obligatory alms, let them go their way" (Koran 9:5).
As we travel through this allergy season, I am actually having an easier time of it than usual, in what is apparently one of the worst in Southeastern Oklahoma in several years. Due to the lack of a cold winter, we did not have the period to kill off the normal plants and decrease the load, so I have a great deal of patients in my office complaining of allergy symptoms that in many instances never had.
I think acoustic shows are awkward, but they're still cool to do. I like playing in bands more.
We did the swim team thing, then took my granddaughter to her first doctors appointment. The doctor had a few concerns so we had to go to a subcontractor to the hospital for test. No signs about guns at this building, so I did not feel the need to remove my gun. Had to go into the bank, so my gun stayed in the car. Not in the safe because my daughter-in-law was staying in the car and I wanted her to have access to it. After the bank I headed home and then headed to the gym. Gun stayed in the car in the safe. After the gym, I came straight home and stayed in for the night.
Saudi’s religious police plan to behead a woman accused of being a witch. Human rights groups have asked the King to intervene over ”absurd charges that have no basis in law.” Fawza Falih was arrested and interrogated in Quraiyat 2 years ago after a man complained he was made impotent when she cast a spell on him. She was beaten, tortured, forced to sign a confession she could not read (as she is illiterate) then sentenced to beheading.
Rather than self-prescribe, I decided to pay a visit to a professional; the pharmacist. After explaining (and complaining about) my symptoms, she recommended Allegra #ClearBeauty. Sneezing? Check. Itchy throat? Check. Runny Nose? Check. Watery Eyes? Check. And, when using your CVS card in the month of May, a 30 count pack of Allegra is just $17.99. YAY! If I am going to be feeling better, I should celebrate by looking better too.
If I told anybody, then they would
1. Conduct research to see where your page ranks
Yesterday, all the dry erase markers in my whole room were gone. Not a big deal, you say. If you knew that I always keep about 12 and 4 in reserve and that all, even the reserves were gone.
Take Tate and Lyle. A veritable institution of a British business established in Silvertown East London for over a 100 years. The factory is top class, a combination of state of the art technology backed by high end skilled jobs with long tenured employees and offering fantastic traineeships. It provides thousands of tons of sugar and sugar products to the Britsh food industry each week and does so at a competitive price to ensure food inflation does not hurt the pocket of the consumer.
A common Republican complaint to me these days is that Democrats don’t get anything accomplished even if they are in the majority. Conservatives refused to admit that the new majority in the Senate is 60 votes. That number 60 came into play during the past few days when Republicans filibustered against judicial nominee, Goodwin Liu, for the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals. In some worlds, a 52-43 would be a majority to accept Liu’s nomination, the filibuster means the Liu loses. The vote was along party lines except for two senators: Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) voted against the filibuster; Sen. Ben Nelson (D-NE) voted for the filibuster.
This weekend we put together models and watched Mr. Popper's Penguins. Monday, school was closed for the holiday.
I was sitting on the dunes reading.
17. Yo mama, how about some lip wrestling? ^
And here's little birthday card to go with it.... I stamped the trees and camera and cut them out. Loved all the fun sayings, so I wanted to incorporate them into my design!
So, although I resist the inconvenience of being told what to do, by myself, I know that with a plan, the first draft can be completed without stalling, wondering how it ends.
“Vallore Manor, this is Janette speaking.” Janette was one of the maids at the Pargon manor but she was new and Addison didn’t recognize her voice or her name.
(a) Alienable or disposable,
For easy of reading, I have included the method in steps.
We got in the car to head to school, and memories of the prior day's joyful, funky songfest made me hungry for more, so I turned on "Baby I'm a Star" again--where it all began.
Reading old work. Whoa. Scary. Weird. Some concerns emerge.
So after the little conversation with the Monday plumber (who, incidentally, was here to fix the brand new water heater, not here for the raining ceiling--and yes, that's another story), we put in a call to the insurance company about the shower leak. They sent out a restoration expert the very next day to assess the situation. There were three of them, actually, and they spent a long time poking at walls and moving furniture and scribbling cryptic notes. They were remarkably uncommunicative during this process. It reminded me of the doctor who pokes and prods and mutters, "Hmmm...that's interesting" during the exam. Not reassuring.
But if you are lucky and you notice in time and you do something about it ... like move to another planet where the people have things to do and people to see but they also stop for ice cream, then you are in luck.
Back at the Slutensuite, Ben started getting that “fuck you shut up face” which made me think he was forcing himself to drink to go through with this. I mean, Ben is a good dude in my experience with him. He knew that he was at a vital crossroads. I mean, here you are in a man’s dream scenario, where all you need to do is hand women a card from Chris Harrison and they verbally commit to having sex with you. Only Ben knows he isn’t picking Sally Field and so he feels kind of bad about taking her to the hottubbenshag.
Within I couple days it hit me that my hair was now pretty good......pigtail length. Hadn't tried them since sixteen, so I decided to do a Pigtail Experiment:
. . . forces me to learn the grammar I ignored in school.
She went on to tell me that Chris told her that Hardwick’s (probably the only place in Camden, Arkansas, that sells appliances) carried Maytag, her current brand, and a new brand that he said was good but cheaper. I asked her what this new brand was. She didn’t know. I told her I couldn’t help her until she found out, so yesterday she made a trip to Hardwick’s.
If my bunnysicle had a mouth, it probably would have smiled too...but it only has eyes.
We think we are giving in
This is a great post where you have to read between the lines. A pub with a Beer theme? Really, what a concept. Beers that taste like soda and mediocre food AND Popular with the locals. What does this tell you about the local palate for quality beer and food?
Needless to say, that spoiled my channel surfing fun for the night, and I did not watch the remainder of the program. I had to close the door to my room as well, because I knew that my son would wonder at the extremity of my reaction and I feared that trying to explain would just make matters worse.
This is the abstract for the article:
When I write my first chapter, I often have no idea what the novel is about. And for the next chapters, I avoid thinking too much about what will happen down the road in the novel. Technically, the beginning of a novel should establish tone, character, and plot. But let’s face reality. The purpose of the novel’s opening chapter is to grab readers by the throat and not let go until they are compelled to find out what happens next. So when I start a novel, I’m thinking only about writing a novel that does that—to me. It must interest me so intensely that I’ll want to write the rest of the novel just to discover what happens next…
The other non-German sellers include an interesting Dutch invention of a Netherlands based electro technical company, Wolters Engineering, for a reuse of paper waste. And belief it or not, who thought Chinese only copy are mistaken, a real Chinese patent is being sold for pharmaceutical wastewater treatment. Sounds like something the Chinese seller could license in China quite successfully (aren’t we hearing about massive pollution issues in China?). Why buying, if even the Chinese patent owner rather sells his patent than to enforce its own invention nationwide?
As I mentioned, Anthony and I went out on Saturday night. Anthony had mentioned before that we should try and do stuff that doesn’t involve eating. This was our first venture into that.
"We are coming here every day to stand vigil and see bodies being removed from the hospital.
Sometimes you tell them their worth and they nod, and they smile, but they don’t believe it. You tell them to have faith in their own worth. You tell them that they are God’s precious and loved child, and their lips say “I know” while their heart can’t believe it yet.
It’s ok, it’s ok, he said. I still love you. You know what they say, it’s unconditional.
This past weekend I used the Challah bread recipe from Wild Fermentation. The bread turned out pretty nicely, but a bit denser than pervious challah loaves I have made. I think the starter would be better suited to a rustic italian/sourdough loaf; but it also may have helped to let the second rise go a bit longer. All in all, we do have some tasty bread for the week. And it looks pretty too:
I first heard about her via two of my favorite local East Bay bloggers, Claycord.com and Mister Writer. She was involved in some personal advocacy on behalf of a young girl, Katie Grace Groebner, who suffers from pulmonary hypertension, ultimately requiring a heart and lung transplant.
Ideal for first-time DSLR users, the DSLR-A390 (α390) and DSLR-A290 (α290) offer a dramatic step up in picture quality and creative options from point-and-shoot compact cameras. Just as importantly, they’re beautifully easy to use, even if you’ve never handled a DSLR before.
Sir Hook the Grandson of John T Baker of Warrick
Without sounding too much of a cliche... it was definitely the best experience of my life.
My dog playfully removed the majority of the little bird's feathers. We thought she was going to die, so we put her in a box with a lamp to keep her warm.
At 7am, on Saturday morning, she texted to say, "We'll just keep your name in the auction books."
‘You’re ... You’re a big nothing!’
His medal citation described how his 'only thought was for the life of his comrade who, had he hesitated for one moment, would have been killed.'
For the sun and the surf
Anyways, I hope this helps. Thanks for looking❤
Undertones Teenage kicks UK
It was all based on ignorance. If only she had some knowledge… But she doesn’t have any knowledge. She doesn’t know the Koran or the Sunna. When she cited a hadith to back up her statements, she used a hadith that scholars consider unreliable. The Prophet said: “Allah has given me sustenance under the shadow of my sword.” This hadith is unreliable. The Prophet did not get sustenance by the sword. If she had read the Koran, she would have known that it forbids killing people: “Anyone who kills another person for any reason other than manslaughter or spreading corruption in the land – it is as if he has killed all of mankind.”
Anyway, yesterday I am looking through my stats and I find this:
I found a treasure in the bookcase. Clothed in a plastic cover to protect the dust jacket, the old library markings inked out in black, the book doesn’t look like much. Seeing it, I remembered immediately where we got it.
I’m not sure laughter and a smile are going to help on some of what is before us ..
4) How does this relate to broader macroeconomic policies, including taxation and industrial policy?
If you want your book to contain pictures, we can insert these within your interior text. We charge per picture we insert on the initial book set-up and this is a one-off charge.
I arrived at gate B4, before my flight. And no, I didn’t make that up.
This is the look that I'm currently trying to master with my existing curling iron (part of the Rowenta Imagin8 set) - the only difference being that I use the smaller iron because my bangs are much shorter and finer. I still need practice, to be honest, but it's definitely a step towards de-frumpifying myself for the coming months.
They spew cliché democracy and liberation
There are poems in this book that I don’t “get.” There may be some that you won’t either. But it is well worth finding out. The piling up of meaning is at work and on display here. I’d have to say that the Arakaki Permutations is a lesson without object in how the mind works, and I mean works.
Tomorrow I'll show another stamp I came up with using that stone background.
There’s a reason why contemporary industrial culture is obsessed with efficiency, and it’s not because we’re smarter than our grandparents. Every civilization, as it nears the limits of its resource base, has to deal with the mismatch between habits evolved during times of relative abundance and the onset of shortages driven by too much exploitation of that abundance. Nearly always, the outcome is a shift in the direction of greater efficiency. Local governments give way to centralized ones; economies move as far toward mass production as the underlying technology will permit; precise management becomes the order of the day; waste gets cut and so, inevitably, do corners. All this leads to increased efficiency and thus decreased resilience, and sets things up for the statistically inevitable accident that will push things just past the limits of the civilization’s remaining resilience, and launch the downward spiral that ends with sheep grazing among ruins.
2) Runaway
FAIR: Honduras Down the Memory Hole
with the rush and the wind
and gone so fast!
Dr. Geoff Norton, University of Queensland, Australia
Bailey
And if we ask forgiveness, He will remember our sin no more.
By the way, artist Lee Copeland created the digital painting “This Little Piggy” as an illustration of one of the scenes from the story. If you really dig my work, you may want to consider paying a visit to his web store. You can purchase a print of the piggy-pic there, and also check out his other work. (His Rondo Hatton portrait hangs in my office, as does the original of “This Little Piggy”)
I closed my eyes to remember your body so firm and tall.
Trapped in the tiger reserve.
Jorge Bolanos (ph), sent CNN a letter refuting some of Gross’ claims
From miragrant.com: In 2014, two experimental viruses—a genetically engineered flu strain designed by Dr. Alexander Kellis, intended to act as a cure for the common cold, and a cancer-killing strain of Marburg, known as "Marburg Amberlee"—escaped the lab and combined to form a single airborne pathogen that swept around the world in a matter of days. It cured cancer. It stopped a thousand cold and flu viruses in their tracks.
The really excellent thing about this is that we can work it all into our homeschooling "curriculum" or standards. We have done enough science, working on the belt loop and pin requirements, to last a few months! Not that we'll stop anytime soon on that learnin'.
Soon after I met Pierre, my fun Quebecois ex-fiance whom I met two months after moving back to Fujisawa, it was evident that we were going to be more than friends. Look, we can have fun while we are here in Japan, but I have a plan to go to graduate school after Japan, and being with you won't stop me. The sheer audacity of the twenty-something I was. I knew I wanted to be a school counselor more than anything. What I didn't count on was the following answer.
So, I want to leave you with a little nugget. There were little signs in Montparnasse people left on some of the graves, they said regret. It kind of nailed home to me, we sometimes have regrets when loved ones die. And I realized, I want to die with as few of these as possible.
And as I sit back in awe, I realize that I'm happy. What an amazing concept-to be happy in the midst of one of the most difficult hills in life. But I think that is part of the lesson-why I am being asked to carve out these pieces, so that I can really focus on joy and not strife.
The experiments involve mutating the virus a total of 5 times, making the strain highly contagious between ferrets — the very animal model used to study human flu infection.
I’ve written before on the potential for a conference this large, back when the possibility was first raised in September of last year. Now, though, it appears it’s going to actually happen.
I am a day late in doing my dishcloth challenge update as yesterday evening we had Caoimhe's first Confession.
Grab your wooden spoon and stir everything together (still gently) just until all flour is incorporated. Do not over beat.
In the Commons immigration debate on the 5th of December 1958 Labour’s Frank Tomney (Hammersmith), remarked “We have been sent here by the electorate to give expression to issues which concern them.” Conservative Cyril Osborne (Louth) 25th March 1965 spoke up for the working class in an immigration debate in the House of Commons. He said that in 1958 he could see the social evils and could still see them, “…for more than ten years I have begged this house – my own side as well as the party opposite – to face this problem which haunted me, as it still haunts me because I could see the social evils”. If anything goes wrong it cannot be others so they blame their own people and the connative word is “racism”. It is only applied to whites. We are the scapegoats for the setbacks on the road to their utopia. The ideas that we are told rule our lives are but rhetoric.
I can see why you would have trouble considering you’ve known me for more than a decade LOL. Easy. Jadzia Dax. That girl knows how to party.
Other things Omri can do:
For my card I cut my dinosaur out with my Cameo using a Silhouette file. I felt he needed something so I cut a chest out for him freehand, cut his teeth out in white freehand and added a google eye. For the banner he's holding, I used a cut that had an airplane flying with this banner attached. I just cut the plane off so my dinosaur could carry the banner. The balloon is also a Silhouette file. I wanted it to look like it was tied to his tail, so I glued twine onto the balloons string and tied it to his tail. I reinforced the balloon with a small piece of wire that is glued to the back of the balloon and the back of the dinosaur.
Extracts are super simple and don't need more than a paragraph to explain. Mainly it is a side item I do with leftover or food waste.
Maximum EEG coherence.
I must mention, this nail polish *needs* underwear. It needs to be layered on top of another, opaque colour, otherwise it takes about 4-6 coats to actually have any kind of wow-factor to it.
Yes, this band’s original and creative and the songs have aged well. Better than a lot of other stuff from this era. We were experimental and tried new things. We always tried to push the limit. It is the old cliché really, being in the right place at the right time. This was a group of a few individuals who met under the right circumstances. We did not necessarily always get along too well, but creatively, we exploded. We, and people around us, had a lot of expectations for this band. We were going to be world famous in an instant, which was probably unrealistic, and the cooperation soured a bit when those expectations were not met. There was a lot of structure around the band; we created a corporation around the band along with others, called Eskvímó, to publish our music. The corporation took out loans for recording costs and touring costs, and everyone was sure the band would break through with a few shows in the UK. It was a house of cards really. When Þeyr didn’t become famous within one year, the whole house of cards came crumbling down, and all of a sudden we found ourselves in large debt. Mostly, this was just stupidity and inexperience at work. I was just 18 when this happened. Thinking back, we were colossally stupid, but it was also very creative.
Read said: “At the moment Essex Life rarely produce web specific or web exclusive content.” Though this is common for regional titles it is not the norm for the big consumer magazines.
Production Designer: Craig Sandells
(Our youngest girl's handwriting skills are coming along rather slowly.)
Guilt-free - A prepackaged meal on a day when I am tired or don't feel like cooking
Obama couldn’t avoid playing politics. After all, that’s why he was in Afghanistan in the first place, just in time for the anniversary of Osama Bin Laden’s killing.
20% (or 12$) goes to the console manufacturer
I have this goal to work towards and a big reason to lose the weight. But, the fear keeps creeping in.
I met the second Newt a few years ago and was surprised at how much I liked him. He was friendly and accommodating when he had no self-interested reason to be. He spoke to my son, then 10 years old, about this country and its politics in an engaging way that few adults would have taken the time or energy to do. He was funny in an unstudied and understated way that few people of power and fame are.
One thing I absolutely love about this book is the light banter that keeps taking place in the group.I also liked the fact that the main character started unraveling .I thought she was a little too put together in Solid .(Yup,I'm evil ...I want the main character to suffer!!)
The few people left on the planet will one day sit around talking about the good old days when you could buy cupcakes and burgers on every street corner. Their mouths will salivate and eyes turn glassy, a wild pack of old sugar addicts with no fix.
This is a powder that you are supposed to mix with water and drink after training. It has a 4:1 ratio of carbohydrates to protein, and is intended to replenish electrolytes as well as reduce inflammation. It comes in two flavors: apple berry and tropical. I tried the tropical and thought it tasted okay. I didn’t notice a huge difference with this product (to be fair I only tried it once) and it probably isn’t something I’d consume regularly. I much prefer to have a smoothie with some protein powder post-training to get my carbs and protein.
Yes, I do get sore. But the amount of weight you use it totally up to you. On a day you are feeling a little sore, lighten the load. Days that you feel great and want to really push yourself, add more weight.
Prominent among them are Anwar Ibrahim, Lim Kit Siang, Mat Sabu, Lim Guan Eng, just to mention a few. Who in their right mind would imagine that these leaders of outstanding integrity and steadfast principles would have done anything that would undermine the security of the nation?
Realize that down is the new up. When you put yourself down where you belong by honestly and humbly admitting your sin and need for a Savior, you’re free to lift God up where He belongs – into the center of your life – and experience the blessings of His grace. Ask God to root pride out of your life wherever it’s lurking, because pride can drag you into sin in any situation. Whenever you see how limited your own strength is, decide to rely on God’s unlimited strength to help you. Let go of your need to pull yourself up, prove yourself, or fight for yourself and instead choose to trust God to do more for you than you could ever do for yourself. Pray for less of your own selfish efforts and more of Jesus’ power working through you in your life. When you do, you’ll discover blessings like: wanting God over happiness, being easily content, not complaining, not needing to be heard, not needing to win, not fearing failure, and not requiring perfection.
Intersection of Osler/Main and Governor's/Dundas due for extra turning lanes, yes, more widening thanks to the DDTMP...
We pulled Wonder Boy's ancient potty out of the attic last weekend just for the hell of it, with no real plans to start anything, but Her Majesty has shown a definite interest in it. On her own, she has requested the reading of several potty-training books we have left over from Wonder Boy's toddler years, including the one about Prudence and her "bottom for sitting and in it a hole for making poo-poo."
The other Sorayas are victims of domestic violence globally. The wives whose husbands batter them into pulp each day because they have found someone newer and younger. The women with the broken limbs, the scars on their bodies, black eyes on their faces and hearts heavy with pain and regret.
The judge forbid Sueppel from possessing any firearms, narcotics, controlled substances or drugs without a prescription.
without a doubt i definitely believe in life elsewhere, i'm just on the fence about all the sightings, video's.. ect.. of the smaller ufo's and by "smaller i mean ufo's that you'd imagine to have a crew of maybe a handful of beings rather than a ship with possibility an amount of a small city or whatever, anyway.. i'm definitely interested, i always watch any and all videos, read interviews, ect.. waiting for that fateful day when "they" finally introduce themselves.
All you have to do is TWEET ME a photo of an epic random high five with the hashtag #BlackTopLive (so we can find it) and we’ll choose the best one.
Ratings, not sexplotation, killed the bunnies.
So, how are we to talk about Berresheim’s diverse work? How is it to be understood? I, for one, feel a little disappointed in the title of his exhibition, Condition Tidiness: Rude, in that it indulges a rampant artworld mistake of simply stating paradox and then quickly being satisfied with paradox as a condition. I don’t think it is the paradox of Berresheim that makes him interesting. Instead I think it is his approach to his work, his energy, his use of a reading of Sigmar Polke that makes him different from many of his contemporaries.
I have a very low percentage of personal drama because I will not allow it.
I've noticed over the past year that my blog tends to be either poetry or blogging about writing, and I've been neglecting the other arts in my world as much as I've been neglecting them in my real life. But not any more. Time is passing, and I'm missing out on the play in my life, the fun stuff, the activities that feed my passion to create beautiful things.
I am linking this post to
So what did I do? Since I knew my husband was unreachable, naturally, I called my parents. First I called my Dad, hoping that the extra key for my house was at his house, only three miles away. When he couldn't find it, I called my Mom, who was at work. She had the key!
Taking it further, you can break it down to the point where relationships form depending upon similarities members share or based on what members can offer each other. Usually those in the core will relate to others in the core, but may or may not relate to those in the periphery. Those in the periphery might not relate to anyone in the core, but will likely relate with others in the periphery. If those in the periphery have connections to those in the core, it’s because they provide something of worth to those in the core.
Let me introduce you the the world my little bundle of joy (and love)
Anyway, I think my post-traumatic Mets disorder blocked that out, but Rey Sanchez was “that guy???” for the Mets. Rey Ordonez never lived up to the hype and was gone, so being that they had the same name, Sanchez was really a poor man’s Ordonez, which is an insult to poor men everywhere.
*Maybe Corona is so popular because the import costs are secretly being paid by the Australian Citrus Council who sell more lemons and limes to stuff down Corona necks than fat chicks have had Macca’s or the devilishly private but subliminally effective lobby group called “Don’t Let Scurrvy Come Back”. If anyone actually knows why it is so popular, without big budget marketing campaigns (can you recall a Corona ad on telly or radio?), please let me know. Seriously, I want to know.
I'm without internet until probably next week, but I am visiting a relative so I snuck away for a minute to update y'all! We finally made it to our new home in the lovely Hill Country of Texas on Tuesday evening. It's been a little crazy and I won't bore you with the details, but we are here.
Many of these parties had submitted their applications for registration a few years ago.
Jaeda and Laurel's party was held at their Dad's
I look at some of the kids and realize that the ones I still know, I should reach out to soon and make contact with. They are still here, just older.
4) Vermin will not be attracted to this heap (I’ve had rats in my black council bin before so this will be interesting to test out).
Blog 80 of 180
After a short-ish lengthy conversation with her, in which she explained that she was okay and not to put too much thought into it, I called AT&T.
"Yes, telephones are ubiquitous."Robert Day, the well-know cartoonist who drew this picture, was a little afraid there might be some people who wouldn't know what we meant by ubiquitous. "It's a pretty big word," he said.
I was dating the richest homeless man I have ever known.
Because I write intuitively, sinking down into my characters, sometimes I'd rather skirt along the top of how they're feeling about the predicaments they've gotten into. The 'real' conflict happens off stage. Sometimes my characters are too polite.
I'll be in Trafalgar Square next Friday night, listening to Margaret Atwood, Philip Pullman, et. al.and then back down to Oxfordshire to give away my 48 copies of Sarah Waters' Fingersmith at Bampton library, to continue to highlight the threat to that and other libraries in my county. So watch out for a report on that on Saturday night on Sunday.
In 1956 Soros moved to New York City, where he worked on Wall Street, and started amassing his fortune. He specialized in hedge funds and currency speculation. Soros is absolutely ruthless, amoral, and clever in his business dealings, and quickly made his fortune. By the 1980s he was well on his way to becoming the global powerhouse that he is today.
Last week we talked about job descriptions and I told you how important they are. To add to your list here are a few more things you should keep in mind:
Holidays are right around the corner, with vacations and traveling, we've decided to take a little break in December.
It is therefore up to us as mere mortal citisens to take care of ourselves, because we cannot depend upon any leaders, for our leaders are still sleeping, enjoying their dreams and they would perhaps one day wake up when it is too late, just like all the other denialists. We should allow the leaders to follow their long-term dreams and ideals, allow them to drown themselves in their immaturity and discover themselves, while we prepare ourselves for the inevitable. We need to prioritise as the leaders are incapable of doing so. We need to plan and strategise, because the leaders do not possess those skills, as the only skill they seem to posses is to dream the dreams of professional dreamers.
Threadfins bring back some childhood memories. As a kid, I was fed with a lot of threadfin porridge. The bones are hard and deathly, so I had learnt the art of simultaneously munching the meat and separating the bones in the mouth with my teeth and tongue before swallowing. And after some time, one will also be able to judge if it's an aged fish, from the texture of the thick skin. Back then, this was an upper-class fish. But I didn't have to buy them because I would get a good, unsold supply from my late grandfather. He was a fishmonger in a wet market. Mum being Hakka, would sometimes steam it with some sweet preserved vegetable and ginger. To be honest, I prefer this style because of the slight sweetness that gives a more interesting palate.
Still, Treasury officials have no illusions that their work here is done. From the beginning, the blacklisting was also intended as a wider warning to a banking industry that, with secrecy to rival the Swiss, forms the backbone of Lebanon’s economy: henceforth, other bankers did business with Hezbollah at their peril.
28That day Joshua took Makkedah, and put it and its king to the sword; every soul in it he gave up to the curse without mercy: and he did to the king of Makkedah as he had done to the king of Jericho.
At the start of the story, she doesn’t know about her ability and believes that she’s going crazy hearing voices in her head, but with the help of her friend Anthony, they soon figure it out, and not a moment too soon. Someone out there knows what Rae can do, and they want her dead. Rae and Anthony have to find out who it is before she gets killed.
Now to matters at hand. I also submitted a spec script to another author to adapt his novel to a script, and offered to adapt another story for another friend of mine. I told you I liked a challenge. As I usually sign off on my writings, keep your ink wet, and your sleeves dry. Till next time, happy reading.
If God is God and we are man how does the finite mind grapple with infinite Truths and expect to win? Should we accept defeat in our limited creature knowledge or should we seek and maybe find, knock on a few doors and see if they open?!
In China, the Chinese translation of Jordan is 'Qiaodan' (乔丹). Jordan has been known in China as 'Qiaodan' (乔丹) since the mid-1980s when he gained widespread popularity on Chinese television after playing for the 1984 gold medal-winning US basketball team at the Los Angeles Olympics and the 1987 NBA All-Star Games. In 1993, Nike registered the trade mark JORDAN in China.
i was exactly where i was when i was back in KL.
There is a mysterious conclusion to this story. A British Sunday Ragloid published an exclusive story that both of them had been sighted at the Simôn Bolivar Areopuerto Internacional in Caracas, Venezuela disembarking from a Condor Airlines Boeing 737-200.
Here an interior shot of their adorable store in the Hamptons...
Fading into history are those who didn’t survive much beyond the battle. Sergeant William S. Jordan of Company G was shot through the lung at some point during the battle. History does not record at what point during the battle Sergeant Jordan received his mortal wound, but he lingered until July 24th, fading slowly over the course of over twenty days. Sergeant Jordan died and was buried near the Trostle Farm south of Gettysburg. He was later moved to the National Cemetery where he lays in the Maine section, resting in honored peace.
Not even if The World Ends With You
My wife and her boyfriend leave this Saturday. They won’t return until Wednesday. They booked a hotel room and a car rental. I feel almost paralyzed with anxiety and sadness. I feel sick.
don't feel right, the waist hurts, she
There follows a message from the Security Forces - saying that anyone found spreading rumours will be arrested! After that, there's the news in which we're told that Maurice's chief of staff has been arrested for starting the original rumour.
The issue of pronunciation of Latin provided some light relief.. Cicero: pronounced /ˈsɪsɨroʊ/; Classical Latin: /ˈkikeroː/. The Latin master was a modern and was very easy to wind up by adopting classical latin pronunciation. When asked why we were pronouncing Cicero as Kikero and Caeser and Keezar…. we would say that we were merely being classicists. This was not the unpleasant teasing of a teacher. The Latin master was a fine man with a wry sense of humour, who had the gift of illuminating with interest rather than resorting to the tactics of the mathematics master who used blackboard dusters as projectiles and the sharp end of a divider to din basic theorems into dense/unwilling 13 and 14 year old heads. The Human Rights Act had not been passed when I was at school and I did not know any law, so an application to the International Criminal Court was out of the question. At least he had not heard of waterboarding.
With these traits generally replicated across cultures and nations, it indicates a biological origin in nature.
The Great Citizen Kane Debate!
No images today, you will have to use your boundless imagination! Or better still, visit the gallery to see for yourself. The exhibition continues until Sunday 26 February.
I wish I had just an ounce of Mafi’s brilliance.
What makes me happy is knowing he’s happy and having a good time hanging out with me. If he’s having a rough day, so am I. That’s how it works. Hopefully, tomorrow will be even better than today.
Why am I writing all this? Because I want share that there was a time not very long ago that all of this would have been met with so much RESISTANCE. Today, however each situation seemed to spontaneously be looked at as a challenge, not a problem. Instead of resisting the present moment I seemed to spontaneously move with the present moment. I know these are gifts from my daily practice. I know that in the past I might have been irritated with having to take time out of “my” schedule to deal with a flat tire. Funny thing is for about the last two weeks I’ve been wanting to get to Discount Tire because I needed to rotate my tires but hadn’t because of a busy schedule. Funny how things take care of themselves. Coincidence? I will let you decide. Today after changing my flat and rotating the tires I told the Universe thank you. I giggled and said you know me and you KNOW how to get me in here and take care of this.
Like the Volkswagen Beetle – first imported to America the same year Doyle Dane Bernbach opened its doors – DDB was out of sync with the industry around it. Volkswagen was a holdover of Hitler’s Germany, small and oddly shaped, at a time when Detroit’s autos were big and sleek, a reflection of American dominance and prosperity after WWII. Similarly, DDB, with two of its three principals being Jewish (including Bernbach), stood in stark contrast to the dominant WASPish, Ivy League-staffed agencies.
Meri texted me, "Come up"
This strikes a resounding chord with me. In the very week that I have asked with great excitement for a Kindle for Christmas, I have also sent off for book-mending materials to mend (among others) the cherished copy of David Copperfield I got for Christmas the year I was eight. In fact it's a very cheap mass-market copy from Woolworth's, but as I wrote recently its physicality carries important associations for me (and as you can see suffered somewhat during my recent re-reading!)
Perhaps this is a bit my fault. Because I’ve always gotten better grades with creative projects, if there’s ever a choice, I consistently choose the creative option. Let it never be said that I take the hard way out of anything…
I love you SO MUCH FNL – why you gotta break my heart?!?!
Rather than
But more importantly, I have used what she recommends and it really works. After reading the menopause one, I started making an oatstraw infusion in addition to the nettle one. This helped tremendously with the emotional aspects. I was feeling alot of anxiety and my pms was rather extreme. Oatstraw had an immediate effect (it also tastes good). But my periods were still only 2 weeks apart. Considering that I bleed for a week, it meant that I was often having 2 periods a month.... So next I tried Yarrow. Yarrow is far to bitter to make as an infusion (although I tried that first before I carefully read the yarrow section). I made it a tea with lemon balm and lavender and that helped with the flavour - it made it bearable. But yarrow also has side effects. It makes you sweat more profusely and can even make hot flashes more likely. It definitely had those effects on me. I did have a couple of mild hot flashes as a result. So next I tried sarsparilla root. For root infusions, you steep for at least 8 hours. Sarsparilla root is delicious - it is the flavour of root beer, after all. Very easy to drink. But you are not supposed to drink too much of it. I had 1 - 1.5 cups a day for a week.
I look ahead but I can’t see what this is for
I like this system because it concentrates the water where it is needed. It is an inexpensive system that anyone can do with a hose. The idea of running a sprinkler a.k.a. our well nonstop for an hour to get 1/2 inch of moisture, offends my sensibility. One of the upsides of this method is that if you suddenly find your area in an unusual dry period, you can pull those buckets out and give any plant on your property a slow drink of moisture. Hope that this system helps others with transplants.
9. Hengilás – 4:15
Convened less than two months before world leaders gather in Brazil for the UN Conference on Sustainable Development “Rio+20″, the Bridgetown Conference brings together high level representatives of 39 countries from the Caribbean, the Pacific, Indian Ocean, and Africa, that belong to the Small Island Developing States group.
S.B.- Well you know, it is interesting, I think that they wanted to do something special for Toronto, and they wanted an architect to design some sort of a monument like Bilbao, but they never spoke to the curators about it. Having the input of the people, it is very important that the people who work there have some input. He devised an extraordinary design, but it doesn’t work out.
Drew: Lulu (The trend continues!)
Warm water 1 cup (240 ml)
There are lots of resources that are available in the internet where you can get a hold of public domain Christian books. Today you can easily find public domain Christian books through the Google book search.
In 2009, I resolve to:
Defensive pair of Skrtel and Agger
8. Lower the car and remove the jack.
As always, if you have any questions about your digital edition program or for a free, confidential review, please contact your publisher relations manager.
And sometimes love can be a bitch leaving you with a a broken heart. But never fear! Broken-hearted, single and want to surround yourself with beautiful sexy people who make you feel special? Then I know just the spot! Les Coquettes Speakeasy series is one now and if you haven't seen this wonderful troupe put on one of their fabulous show then you my friends, are seriously missing out. They are a fantastic crew of sexy, talented young men and women who always leave you feeling satisfied and yet, still wanting more.
♥~Giveaway ends 5/31 11:59 EST .
The CPS are shortly to begin their new 'paperless as far as the door of the court' document handling system. I wish them well and hope that the widely expressed fear that this will be just another Government IT fiasco proves to be groundless.
A girl in my class said that she believed that those who opposed and questioned the acts of the army, or of the government’s doings abroad is very much very patriotic (counterring this Bush idea of “with us or with the…”). In fact, it was even more patriotic because it demonstrated that we care so much more about our country to realize that these things going on and mentalities that we are being fed are not right; that they poison our way of being, our lives, our past, present, and future.
The report concluded that the “F.D.A.’s ability to provide its basic food system inspection, enforcement and rule-making functions is severely eroded, as is its ability to respond to outbreaks in a timely manner.” Garret A. FitzGerald, a pharmacologist from the University of Pennsylvania, blamed a “cabal of Congressional majorities and presidential administrations that has serially stripped the agency of assets.”
Well, it looks like Klum will be back on QVC this fall with a fashion jewelry line called HK Wildlife, according to the No. 1 home shopping network’s website.
I’ve got an exciting post here to kick off the new year. Please take a few moments to check out a philanthropy I am undertaking for 2012 called “Tip the Scales 2012!“
First, Her Majesty is a one-baby demolition machine these days. I can tell in an instant if she's been in a particular room by the destruction left in her wake -- Kleenex boxes emptied out, rolls of toilet paper unrolled and left in the bathtub, a jumble of Tupperware containers strewn about the kitchen, newspapers torn apart, crumbled crackers and tortilla pieces on the floor... the list goes on and on. Plus she has taken to terrorizing Wonder Boy, who has been recovering from a terrible case of tonsillitis and is feeling puny, both physically and emotionally. She pushes him, hits him, steps on him, pinches him, and he has not yet figured out that he is about twice her size, and so he cries and whines when she is on the attack. She likes to climb up on the dining room chairs and toss down whatever is still on the table (including, today, a beer bottle), and I spent most of today rescuing her from flinging herself off of the bed, out of the high chair, out into the street from the yard, or into walls for what seems like the sheer pleasure of it.
Overall, I highly recommend this book. It’s short, but not superficial; fair, but not dispassionate; and rigorous, but not dull. It would serve well as a textbook for a course in contemporary political theory and as general reading for anyone interested in the area. It allows you to see that there is some pretty interesting, and highly sophisticated work being done in political philosophy these days, work that should not be ignored.
This ball of Silky Alpaca (Classic Elite) was in my goodie bag from knit camp. I'm making the Jeweled cowl and using coordinating sky blue and emerald beads. It's looking very pretty, but I'm finding the lace weight pretty tedious. I think I'll stick to fingering after this.
Without trying to make her look like the stupid one, I calmly explained, “Cape Cod is in Massachusetts, Capetown is in Africa.”
I put off writing this review thinking that I might come to realize that I enjoyed the book more than I did, after all, Malliet is a very well regarded writer. This was the first of her books that I had read and I expected to really enjoy it.
Well, after nearly 8 years of living in the Seattle...I am officially leaving the City, and moving to the...suburbs! Yikes.
Every month makes a difference really. Sometimes it's hard to know exactly what that difference is, since my grief for Jacob has been complicated by 3 subsequent losses. But when I'm feeling really bad, it's always because he is missing. August, Cub and the Twins were very wanted and very loved, but I knew Jacob the most and I can't stop from thinking, at least once a day, how old he should be. What he should be doing. What life would be like taking care of him full-time, of getting ready to go back to work next month. I hate that I don't know what it is like to stay up at night with a baby, to have the amazing moments after birth of seeing your baby for the first time. Of feeling the baby's warmth on your skin, or nursing, of feeling so much joy that it is indescribable. Of feeling some peace again. From what I've read from other babyloss Mom's who have had a baby after a loss, some peace comes with that baby. And joy.
I let go!
When I first tasted the warm soup, I felt it was very blah, so I started adding seasonings to it. Feel free to add whichever flavors you enjoy. I added garlic powder, a bit of salt, and a large amount of fire-roasted chili sauce. It really helped to give the soup some kick, which is the way I like it.
We fought and clawed and tore,
And that is just to name a few! All of these things I did not use on a regular basis…. My goal for the drawer was to only put things in here I use and can grab easily EVERY DAY!
I am going to keep a schedule. If it says on my diary that should be having a cup of tea - then by golly that's what I'll be doing. But mostly I just want to throw off this awful sense of being utterly unreliable. In my heart I'm wholly dependable - I have just come to realise that my memory - well, not so much.
Here's Ikeas pic of the bedding- I think they had some trouble getting the pattern to show up, too!! That makes me feel better about my lacking photography skills! Ha!
Emily and Raymond had been preoccupied by their own matters ,then suddenly she noticed that theirs were somehow overlapped.
The D. C. Central Kitchen’s Mike Curtin wrote of this issue in the Huffington Post last week, “Turning our backs on individual parts of a larger solution simply because they do not offer a quick, comprehensive cure is to admit defeat before we even begin.”
TOOLS....you NEED these
Feel like a terrible parent for not spending more time with the kids
Elmer's school glue
Cover
“That depends on how hard it is to get sand out of your fur,” Rayloth quipped. But before Jerf could answer the Jedi Master turned to face the droid. “C2-N2, I want you to send a message to Grunthar explaining our sudden departure and extend our apologies for leaving without saying goodbye.”
Ultimately, the exhibition depends on tricks to get its point across, but the tricks are not incredibly sly or give much in way of cultural understanding. The show simply gets what it wants and releases itself from responsibility.
Sorry so late posting this. We've been pretty busy with my step-mom visiting for a few days. We had a great Easter. We had an egg hunt at a local church Saturday morning. WAY better than any of our past egg hunts! Usually they involve THOUSANDS of kids, craziness, and my kids basically getting trampled and zero eggs. SO NOT FUN. This was an awesome one though! The people were so nice. They had 4 age divisions, so I got to go out with each of my kids individually(well, Devyn came too in the Ergo lol.) There were less than 10 kids per age group and each kid got a overflowing basket-full of eggs. Then they had extra prizes(Lilly got bunny ears - you'll see them in the upcoming pics to follow lol - and Tyler got a big basket filled with little boy toys) as well as Easter crafts. Then, Chris called on our way to the hunt, so we got to talk to him for a few minutes. It was just a wonderful way to begin Easter weekend.
Wilkinson begins by quoting Michael Kinsley, who notes that he has “…a friend, a banker, who voted for Obama in 2008 but senses that he is being picked on unfairly. Which he is.”
At the very last second I decided to duck dive it.
the price.” If this is the case, then cutting our domestic supply hardly seems like an appropriate response. Rather than face this reality, Secretary Chu ridiculously called for an increase in renewable energy investments, which is a complete non-sequitur.
It's tough for an artist to constantly have to justify her behavior to the world. Because the world seems so focused on the 9 to 5 slugging and the thought process that one shouldn't consider being an artist a real job. And one certainly shouldn't enjoy one's job.
One of the issues with a broken hand is holding onto the handlebars. I can't put any weight on my right hand so riding in the normal position on my bike would result in a big imbalance with my right hand side bearing all the weight. With the time-trial bike, I rest my arms on the pads of the aerobars in the TT position and everything remains straight. It's pretty hard work for my body to assume the TT position all the time, but I suppose at least it should be beneficial for actually racing time-trials later this year (in particular the Club Championships one in June, which is 30km long). But, for the whinging part, ergos are very mind numbing and frustrating, in particular when the weather is absolutely brilliant (which it has been for about 2 weeks since the crash) and all you want to do is go out for hours on your bike...
No inside this time I'm afraid as I ran out of time - will have to do it later :0)
Cancer. I fucking hate it.
Arrived at her residence, rang bell, was thus presented with a member of her staff. Upon asking to be admitted, was refused. Then, with the aid of a small bag of guineas, was finally admitted to her breakfast room. ‘Twas a most elegant room, in colours so intoxicating, and scent so divine, that it overwhelmed me with an immediate sense of bliss. Saw her morning repast laid out amid silver and fine porcelain. Kissed the poem, placed it upon her plate together with the patchbox. Thus, preventing a servant from announcing my arrival, forced myself to leave and made my way straight to Seven Dials to purchase plans of Newgate Prison.
I have tried to communicate with you to share how you carry the tradition of emotional abuse in this family however you do not seem to get it, you don’t understand.
According to Bigelow Aerospace’s President and Founder, Robert T. Bigelow, “We’re very excited to be working with our colleagues at SpaceX to present the unique services that our two companies can offer to international clientele. We’re eager to join them overseas to discuss the substantial benefits that BA 330 leasing can offer in combination with SpaceX transportation capabilities.”
Anyone got any more scans or info??
If she doesn't, or looks really bad again...I don't know what to do. I am not financially able to pay $200 every 2 months for these injections. I really wish I could, but I just don't make enough money right now. Where do I draw the line on her quality of life? And my wallet?
This post took a lot longer than I expected, and bears no resemblance at all to the one I started at first. That post needs an album or two that I don’t have yet. For this one, when my first idea failed, I thought I would just like to hear the voices of some women. For me, that is musical comfort food. I had all of the songs for this post picked when I realized that I had stumbled into something deeper.
I got a supervisor and asked who was paying. “We’re never provided with the client’s information,” she told me.
I think my biggest joy of the past few days is that Ayden (and Issac) are finally starting to show us that they understand we expect them to be more well behaved away from home than at home. It was just a few small instances, but it was enough to warm my heart.
This is about Jackie Kennedy in 1975, the year when her life completely changed. Each chapter details an aspect of her life that year. Her second husband died, her kids were essentially grown (Caroline had graduated and John was in hgh school), she got a job in publishing and worked to preserve Grand Central Station.
5:17 AM: D__: Amen E__,
Bet you gonna find some people who live.
Of course, experienced shoppers and ebay experts know how to track down a savvy bargain or a real treasure over the internet. And sometimes I score with brands I’m familiar with and with safe items like tops, or I’ve already seen the item in real life and I’m hoping to find a better deal on the internet.
So Beloved has gone out to speak to someone about a one of job, building a computer system.
You know what I need to admit to myself? I rather dislike writing proposals. I'm not very good at it. I much better at making stuff than I am crunching numbers and slapping together moodboards. If only we could say to clients - we'll just make it on the day of the wedding and it will be beautiful!
I'm gonna kill it, or hide underground,
Lovely scattered with (toasted) sunflower, sesame or pumpkin seeds.
Suma (name changed), 17, and pregnant, was left to fend for herself after her father and other family members threatened to commit suicide if she did not leave the house.
Can you please take me to university? he said.
NATO has had from 1995 to the present day the opportunity to build an integrated international military force for ground, naval and air operations in current and future operations.
He came by to pick up glasses and check on everything and began singing and dancing to the music, I believe it was Lady Gaga at this point. I knew then that I loved him because of his spirit and outgoing personality. I had to figure this man out and I did, I figured out he is one of the most genuine people I know and that he was a true friend. I also found out he was Dalton's cousin and it made me love him more. We have a mutual love for all things musical and I requested he watch Glee, he did and loved it as well. We have a mutual love for movies, musicals, and anything entertainment.
You can click here if you need more information on what’s on and where but here I would like to take a moment of your time to shine a small light on those who have made this wonderful week possible.
It is understood that the prosecution will appeal.
* The first American Flag was made out of hemp.
Rembihnútur
5. Applicant must agree to a 3 month term. At the end of the term, we may
My father dead in the closet, wearing his blue pajama bottoms and surgical scrubs top from his days as a medic in the army, hands and feet bound together by duct tape, an extension cord noosed around his neck and tied to the clothing rod. His glasses were on but severely cockeyed and his face was blue. His bare feet dangled only a few inches from the floor, and just out of reach is a footstool, kicked away after long moments of mental preparation. Nearby, scribbled into the pages of his sketchbook, was his suicide note. It didn’t offer much in the way of explanation, only said, “I’m sorry,” and gave directions on how to disperse of both his body and his belongings.
The bodies of the victims were kept at the Dhubri civil hospital, he said, adding the fate of the remaining passengers was not immediately known.
Another common error that people tend to make is in lending out their games. They lend out their games, and then that friend lends the game to someone else, who lends it to someone else. Pretty soon, the game is at some random person’s house on another continent! Yet another reason that you should only play copies, and never the master disc.
I will repeat my stand on this demonstration: I will NOT attend the planned demo in Aarhus on March 31, 2012, and have never planned to do so.
No, really, I mean wait for it!
Anyway, this all leads to the obvious question, if this was completed well and truly within May, why didn't I wear this beloved new garment during Me-Made-May? Good question. The answer is this: it's very sheer and for modesty's sake I feel it needs to worn with jeggings with a vest underneath. The do have three me-mades vests, but none of them appropriate plain or subdued enough. I did consider trying it without a vest, but when I raised a concern that my belly would be firmly on show (not my favourite feature), my boyfriend told me not to worry, that no-one would be looking at my belly (!), I promptly scrapped that idea altogether!
Skinny jeans: Ann Taylor
After Family Home Evening, we put the kids to bed, and the grown ups sat around and chatted. I worked on my blog as we chatted, and yeah, it's almost 11pm now. I didn't do a good job in being brief, OR focusing... hehe. I got distracted. But I'm going to bed now. Or maybe I'll watch the season finale of Walking Dead with headphones! ROFL! :)
Pete and a group of his high school friends visit a friend's grandfather's bomb shelter to enjoy some illegal substances. When they open the hatch, they find that a series of nuclear bombs have detonated destroying the world as they know it. They promptly retreat to the bomb shelter to wait it out. Unfortunately nuclear fallout is not all they have to fear....
By the way, some of my students' papier-mache cats were also in the indoor show, but you've already seen enough of them in prior posts.
So, the testers enlisted someone with chronic wrist pain and some nasty-sounding medical conditions with Latin names, and Woods agreed that she’d be able to tell this lady’s wrist apart from a healthy equivalent in another person. And indeed, in the preliminary “open” test, her magic powers seemed to be working fine. Ten times in a row, she tried using TT to detect the energy field from the injured wrist, and she got it dead on the money every time. Pretty impressive… but not really. The open test meant that she could see whether she was waving her hands over the woman with the wrist problem or the healthy chap. Under those circumstances, yes, therapeutic touch seems to work amazingly well.
I really wished that not only the cuppies look good but taste good too. So your feedbacks are really appreciated! Please do tell if there’s room for me to improve, after all I am just an amateur in baking, really.
My main project for today is an awesome kraft wreath. I used the Daddy's Girl function key and did the scalloped shape on page 68. I cut a ton of these. In order to make these work, you need a relatively thin paper. I found cheap shipping paper at the Dollar Tree and it was the perfect thickness. I cut the roll into 12x12 sections. I set the dial at 2" and did autofill. I cut several sheets this way.
Also, I'll post on facebook when I update since it will not show up in your feeds. If we are not facebook friends, come find me so we can be!
6th May 2011: Notification of Acceptance
If you'd like to have it, let me know and I'll draw a name for it next Wednesday, May 5th.
in this together so towns and villages should
Subway doesnt have white bread. They have honey oat, the have 9-grain, they even have a Hearty Italian that might be close, but no straight white. So when the sandwich artist asked me what kind of bread I wanted, the first step in any Subway sandwich, I was at a bit of a loss. Ideally, this wouldn’t even be a choice. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich, white bread should be available and they should know to use it. Thinking that the “hearty” in Italian might be too much, I went with sourdough.
When Trials Evolution was released last week, over 100,000 people bought it, they then proceeded to start posting their times to the worldwide leader boards at such a rate that they crashed the servers. That should give you some idea as to exactly how popular this game is, my Xbox live friends list almost always has people showing up as playing it and although I am still playing through the lengthy campaign I feel I have seen more than enough to recommend this outstanding game. Trials Evolution is as close to perfect as any downloadable title is likely to get, in fact it gives a lot of full price retail titles a serious run for their money.
During the 1980s over 70% of American adults believed in the existence of abusive Satantic cults...
“Don’t go in there, sweety.” There was an edge of malevolence in that voice and she spun around. The dress-shop lady was standing there with just the top button of her sweater done up over a floral print dress; her hands clasped in front as if ready to pounce. “You won’t like what you find behind that door.”
Allow happiness
her family remains to
Not surprisingly then, the following morning after her first 'vodka eyeball', Melissa's eye was severely bloodshot and sore.
All courses involve fieldwork, boats, laboratory work, and research mentorship from award-winning faculty. Freshmen-seniors and post-bacs are encouraged to apply. Tuition is the same as the Seattle campus, financial aid applies, and more aid is available as needed. Application deadline is July 1.
I hope that you’ll find something interesting here…maybe something to make you laugh, maybe you’ll learn something you didn’t know, maybe you’ll just realize you’re not alone. Or maybe you’ll totally disagree with me. I’m sure that will happen at some point. It’s ok. Different perspectives help keep me from overlooking the obvious.
I will be back soon with news of the FGES competition and hopefully MJ will have also returned.
If everyone hasn’t had a chance to look.. I’ve put up a blogging tips page here. Before anyone thinks anything, I do not think I am a great blogger, far from it, im lazy and I dont have great pictures but my great plurk timeline helped me come up with a few tips for Novice Bloggers to help you get going. Check it out! It might help you even if you aren’t new!
Writers, too, can learn a great deal from his writing: how he puts stories together, how he uses flashbacks, how he ends his stories. All of it is intentional and so meant to be looked at consciously and carefully. Look at “Where the Sun Don’t Shine” or “Al in Phoenix” (both stories in Gilb's Magic of Blood) for his ars poetica. We’re not reading him in high school like we need to be doing. In college. Outside of school just because.
Paterno was Penn State and it's sad that he had to go out this way but the truth lies somewhere in the middle.
Feel free to call THEM at Tel: +603-2287-9866 Tel: +601-7251-3202 Fax: +603-2287-9867
With a lineup like that, you'd think there wouldn't really be any standouts. You'd be wrong. One of my favorites came from actor Michael Chiklis. The former star of The Shield did a rousing rendition of Mustang Sally that he punctuated by jumping from the stage into the pool. Hilarious.
Why: To create a neat keepsake and to adorn desks, purses, offices, and homes all over the place and new faces for 2011 marketing :-)
Some 1,000 protesters converged in an intersection near Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s official residence in East al-Quds, marched toward his residence and protested in front of the gate of the compound.
“Oh. Okay. Sorry.”
How my experiences of Life are encouraging me to respond to this question:
1) The people there, SPITS LIKE FUCK
Add the clipboard back on. Poke holes through the scrapbook paper for easy entry, then screw tight with your screwdriver.
With Love printed from computer
I open the paper, and there she is, commenting on the fact that she doesn't want her husband to run again next term. I turn on the radio, another report about her supposed cheating scandal. I go online, and there she is... yet again... some stupid fashion rivalry with Michel Obama.
Incidentally they had posters everywhere encouraging people to be donors.
If a police officer issues a command, whether it be to stop riding your bike through Sproul, to open a door in Wheeler Hall that's been barricaded, to remove your hand from a police barricade, to disperse from a given area, or to take a banner down from the side of Dwinelle Hall, this command carries the force of law. If I don't follow the command, I am potentially subject to arrest or to escalating physical violence.
It’s such an awkward question to answer.
More important, around the world, many of us have embraced Marshall McLuhan's prophesied Global Village. The Village has many tantalising elements to relish. While we're free to uphold our own languages, interests and cultures, we can embrace elements of many others. We're free to savour Thai, Indian, Mexican and Hungarian culinary delights. We can indulge in American jazz, blues and folk, European symphonies, and a cornucopia of African and Asian musical idioms.
6) The Secret Life of Hasidic Sexuality Actually, the main purpose of sex — as explained by Jewish law — is to create something called devek, best translated as an intense spiritual/emotional cleaving between the couple.
As you can see above, the nailpolish is mellow enough to be understated, yet bold enough to still stand out as different.
First, proceed to wrap the pieces of cardboard or chipboard with the paper.
Ricky really loved it...until he fell down on the trampoline ans couldn't get back up. That has his little hands got cold and wet! Then it was time to go in!
