The problem with his scheme is that he’s investing other people’s money, and that’s where the real problem for him lies. He takes money from international terrorists and invests it and they’re understandably torqued when Le Chiffre’s “low risk” investing strategies cost them their money. A bunch of African terrorists show up in Montenegro to rough him up a bit and Bond ends up killing them when they recognize him as a threat. The fight between the men and Bond (with Vesper caught in the middle) is another rough, physical, brutal fight down a stairwell inside the casino. Bond kills both terrorists but the fight takes his toll on him. Where a previous Bond might be bothered most by the blood on his clothes, Craig’s Bond clearly needs time to come down from what he’s just done. Guzzling liquor as he undresses back in his room, Bond needs time to compose himself before returning to the table to continue the game.
The Palestinians: N/A
This amendment, says Bersih, is a “major blow” to plans to weed out phantom voters as only EC personnel are now allowed to check ICs.
He loves you too…
So- where did we end up? Mister Hubbs and I are about half-way complete with this space... there are still a lot of things that I would like to do- but this is definitely a step in the right direction!
OSCEN: you realize we never installed anything like a locking mechanism. We weren’t stupid, we allowed for cases where the faint-of-heart and those prone to epileptic fits could be extricated easily and with no fuss.
You make me feel alive
Fire in the fireplace
He has a big conscience and wants to do what is right. His school class wrote him letters for his birthday, and one girl wrote "I like that you always do what you think is right". That's Cole, he hates to be in trouble and wants to do what is right!
Once there, I and half of the city’s population, waited for hours and hours for the royal party to arrive. Though whilst we waited we were certainly entertained by two guys dressed as grandmas on really big motor powered trolley bags, men on bikes and dances at the Clock Tower. The day was great, the only down side was being stuck next to a guy who kept twitching and shouting uncontrollably.
You guys are the best! Always so patient with me, especially when I tease you with sneak peeks, so today you will be rewarded with a full reveal!
I hope to have some awesome shots for you soon. (I have to admit I'm a little nervous.) Wish me the luck o' the Irish (or the luck o' the photographer with the band).
"I feel sexy and attractive so that's the way I act," said Mikey, from Memphis, in the US.
To wit, "Lickitung." Again, I quote the handbook, "Lickitung's tongue can lash out long and fast like a lizard's. Its lick leaves the enemy tingling."
Your makeup is as important to your finished look as the clothing you wear, in fact, it can actually be more important. We've all spotted women who didn't have a clue how to apply their eye shadow. But we've also saw women who know how to apply it properly and they look put together and beautiful. Don't you want to be one of those women? Of course - and we are going to give you some top tips so you can do just that.
cupcake
Joy’s character was very quirky with her dilemma she got herself into. I wasn’t sure how I felt about Christian but definitely Raphael was the winner for me. But there was a little heart break at the end that you hope in the series MacAlister will fix.
Before looking at the specific needs in South Africa we shall take a look at the issue of basic income from a more general perspective. Non-means-tested basic or citizen's incomes are being widely investigated in many countries. Some important reasons for providing a basic income are the following:
Accidents in the line of duty are tragic, and will always happen. But the nature of Gentile's accidental shooting of Breitkopf - and according to the Daily News it appears to be an inexplicable accident of one veteran cop shooting another - brings to the fore the double-standard we have for police officers' accidental use lethal force.
It's a little after 11am and it's already 71 degrees!! On March 16!! Boy, did we ever pick the right week to have Spring Break!!
The new challenge at the Scrapalicious blog is "A Cut Above". For this theme, we had to use a diecut somewhere on our project. I created this "Family" tag with lots of yummy papers and stamps, an edger punch, and a cool chipboard key.
my robin
I hope not. I'd tell her that I have a great life. I wrote a book, bought a house and got a dog - slightly crazy dog, but dog who thinks I'm the best thing in the ENTIRE WORLD. I've written for news outlets I never dreamed would even call me back, especially after that awful internship in Washington DC where I landed one story on the cover of a Texas newspaper but spent most of my time in the National Gallery of Art (take THAT guy who said I'd never be a journalist - who covered the World Series parade for the New York Times, huh?) I survived a wretched breakup that at 20 I never could have handled. I still sometimes hate how I look, but it's not as often, and I've learned to accept that having hips is a GOOD thing. I'd also tell her that some people she watched in envy as they walked down the aisle - including that college roommate she has at 20 - wouldn't be together anymore at the time I am now, and the whole relationship thing is a lot more difficult than she imagined - but that's OK. It SHOULD be complicated. It SHOULD be hard because, for it to work, it can't be like anything she sees in movies or reads about in magazines (magazines that she'll realize are junk by her mid-20s). I'd also tell her that she learns to stand on her own two feet, which makes those hard times easier to handle.
Let us now apply the preceding observations to estimate just how important our homebuilding industry is to the Irish Economy.
The white and black terrier had merely lain where Tiffy had found her, trembling, her own coffee-colored eyes so perfectly matching the child’s not begging, not showing much expression at all beyond grim resignation.
Funnel cakes
Blogger is strongly suggesting we make the change to the new format before they do it for us!
I went to the animal fair
Most people spend their lives paired with an unfit romantic partner. Think about what this means. If you are in a relationship, chances are that you are probably with someone to whom to do not belong. Not in a possession kind of way, of course. Quit being so quick to judge. The premise that I am posing here should not seem so radical. The idea that relationships should be based on romantic love is a relatively new concept centered generally around the modern western world.
Muffle the smoke alarm
What happened? I can't turn on the channel anymore. I am always looking for new design shows but all I ever find is property shows.
And then I got another phone call, this time from Nicole. Random House had decided to close Tricycle, she told me. All editors had been laid off, and all books slated for summer and fall 2011 were in jeopardy (MAY B. was originally to debut September 2011). For six weeks my book was without a home. All I could do was wait.
I’m still pondering on this male character for the WIP and have decided to find him with my camera. One of the recent photography groups I joined wanted us to take candid snaps of strangers, which I’ve done, but it’s given me a taste for stalking and stealing images from people with their thoughts and intentions on their bare faces. I’m going to look for my Stewart and am excited to know what kind of trousers he wears.
I will be demoing part of the time at the Youth Art Room at the Oregon Asian Celebration. If I am not at our table, then many other fabulous people from Copic will be demoing. I hope to see you there next week!
Location: Milwaukee, WI
The current sunspot cycle has stretched for close to 13 years. A similar situation occurred in the 17th to 18th century, when the average temperature of the Northern Hemisphere decreased by 0.6 C. The research team believes the quadrupolar pattern also emerged at that time.
Snappy name the good people at Apple have given to this new social networking device (app) too… Ping.
Still, the end is so tart.
7. made a Danish layered birthday cake with a friend! It was so good =)
Lunch: leftover homemade potato gnocchi with tomato and onion sauce
To add to the fun, I also have enormous itchy welts–probable twenty or more–on both legs. For years now I have smugly watched little mosquitoes eat other family members alive while they mostly ignored me. Even when they did bite me, the little welts were gone by the next day. “Whatever happened to those big mosquitoes from when I was a little girl?” I used to say. “You know, the ones that left huge bites that lasted for days?” Well, now I know where they went. They came here.
The aircraft landing and parking charges, meanwhile, will be gradually raised by up to 30% and 64%, respectively.
Labor party leader Ed Milliband said the figures were catastrophic, blaming the government’s economic policies for landing the country back in recession.
I don't recall having any link with Agriculture during this period, I had lost contact with my farming family and seemed hell bent on enjoying life. Culture predicted that I go out and earn as much money as possible to the detriment of principles and standards. I, of course at this age, conformed. I left University with a reasonable grade and took a sales position with British Telecom. This soon led to a sales management role within the company and the money was rolling in. So at 23 with all the money I could need to live comfortably what did I do.. Spend it of course! I went from a fit 14st to an unfit 16st and I tended to drink too much and eat junk food (partying does not allow time to eat properly).
Machine-stitch the double ruffle in the center of one square.
I am traveling to a special wedding next week...celebrating the union of two people...my sister is getting hitched. In joining her, I am joining lots of family I have never met. I will be a part of her big day, which means so much.
All those of you visitors of my blog who have not bought the book yet, please be informed that amazon has now even more special offers available online. It’s always worth a browse.
I was out with Miss America last night and we were talking. She’s similar to me in many ways in that she doesn’t like not knowing what’s going on. My problem is that I go for attractive men (attractive to me, obviously), and literally every guy I’ve been out with or fancied, has always, always attracted attention when we’re out. I can’t fail to notice when the guy I’m with/have my sights set on is being eyed up by a girl or a group of girls in whatever bar we’re in. And Mr Double-Barrel is an eligible guy. I’m not going to say bachelor because I hate that term, but you get my drift. He’s good looking, he’s ambitious – everything is good on paper. And combined with my inbuilt crap timing, I don’t want to be too relaxed and then get introduced to his new girlfriend a la Mr Music.
Late last summer, a large part of his leaves changed early and did not drop.
3) Work on my second novel.
My high school mentor (a man) once challenged me to memorize Proverbs 31 over the summer. I did, but to be honest, I was 15 and didn’t know what a distaff was, or exactly what it meant to choose flax. I didn’t have a husband and, at that point in my life, didn’t care to ever have one. I thought it was a weird passage to memorize and that it didn’t really apply all that well to me.
If you know the editor well, you can be a bit chatty - ask after their children/holiday/health. Don't give a run-down of all the problems in your life even if you do know the editor well. It's not professional. What you should do, though, is alert the editor to any forthcoming events that will mean you're out of contact if they have any problems with the file or the book. So 'please check that you can open the file, as I won't be around for the next couple of days to resend it' is fine. Or 'I'm going to Borneo for three weeks next Wednesday so I'll be out of contact...' This is helpful information - if you don't tell them, you might hold up production of your book by several weeks and that won't be popular.
We raced all on Sunday in open races and me and Chip again today in Multibreed races.
As with many long-running sci-fi/fantasy shows, Supernatural has been overtaken by the prospect of bigger and bigger arc-plots. We begin with the Winchesters, then the Winchesters as part of a plan that grows and grows, ultimately passing through the Apocalypse and Heavenly civil war. The stakes go from familial to trans-dimensional almost as soon as John is dead, gone and never coming back. With the new status of a regular character changing, I can only see the stakes being even higher in season 7.
Her legacy had another side too in the spin-off Moog does… records that proliferated in the 70′s. Most were twee, some were a bit of fun but some really were a bad idea.
We're all hooked, are we not?
Lobster:
We’re happy tonight,
take care my friends...
Hi there! It's me again! I didn't plan on being back today, but I managed to finish up a card I was working on for a few challenges, so I thought I'd pop by and post it. It's for Sketch Saturday #197, Saturated Canary Challenge #12 (doilies), Cheery Lynn Designs #18 (doilies) and this week's Our Creative Corner Challenge (making melody - inspired by a song).
-Corey
day 9 making a good impression!
4) All the great stories: There are so many great books out there in the urban fantasy genre right now, both for adults and young adults. Every time I go to the bookstore, I always see at least a half-dozen books that I’d like to bring home with me, if only my book budget would let me. Maybe when I win the lottery. LOL.
Next adventure: Trying to talk our oversized suitcase of medical supplies past the airport people and through customs one last time. Wish us luck.
After being out of sync for so long...i am hoping to get it together and share more on here.
And no more “not enough”
I ate my dinner of left over veggie barley risotto around 7.30pm when I was feeling hungry. Drank with water instead of my usual sweet sugary squash.
b) The new beer duty has a negative impact on Britain's new wave of craft breweries and pubs and bars.
Plantsman and Plant Explorer Daniel Hinkley will take you on a visual tour of areas of the world that he has explored for good garden plants, highlighting the process of getting those plants from nature to our gardens. While experiencing the wilds of Australia, New Zealand, Chile, Vietnam and China, the attendee will be immersed in the process of observing a plant in the wild through observation of its performance in gardens and subsequent introduction into the nursery trade. Dan is a writer, popular lecturer and keen gardener with advanced degrees in horticulture from Michigan State and the University of Washington. One of the founders of the original Heronswood Nursery in Kingston, Washington, he now brings his expertise to Monrovia Growers as well. www.danieljhinkley.com
The money has gone for operations, said Susan Cline, assistant director of Public Works.
Got a few things to share with you before I'm off to Hawaii on Monday. How is it that even going on vacation is sort of work....at least until you get there. There's shopping for clothes and things you need....laundry...packing.....getting the dogs ready to go to the dog resort....and a busy week at work getting things transitioned off to coworkers while I'm gone. I'll be glad when those wheels lift off the runway!
‘Death’s Kingdom’ is a section heading in one of my favourite books: Brian Gardner’s Up the Line to Death: the War Poets, 1914-18 (Methuen, 1964). It and its companion The Terrible Rain are out of print at the moment, but if you’re lucky you can still find them through the magic of the Internet. The phrase refers to Nightfall by Herbert Asquith, which was written at Sanctuary Wood near Ypres in 1917.
Butterfly backstrap and pound between 2 pieces of waxed paper until 3/4-inch thick. Marinate in caesar salad dressing overnight. Prior to cooking, let marinated venison sit at room temperature 30 minutes. Mix all remaining ingredients except spinach. Remove backstrap from marinade and place on a prepared plank or ovenproof baking dish. Spread mixed ingredients evenly over backstrap. Lay spinach over the parmesan mixture and fold over at least one time. Coat venison with remaining caesar dressing. Grill or bake at 375º 20-25 minutes or until internal temperature reaches 165º. Let sit at least 5 minutes before slicing.
Amanda felt her life, her love for David rewinding.
As Americans knew that “conflict”, it was, in truth, a mere continuation of fool-hardy, failed French battles to retain possession of their former colony, French Indo-China.
FUHWH Blog (fuhwhblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
I am thinking about which story to focus on finishing next. I thought of a new idea for a collection of shorts. I’m feeling really determined to finish something small in the next few months. I’ve been terrible at keeping up with correspondence. I keep telling myself I’ll get better at that.
Something indefinable in Camille’s expression drew Ramsey as he turned attention to her parted mouth. An element of desire and defiance in the way she held herself sparked a red-hot challenge to the vampire security investigator to force the older woman’s submission.
Today we had swim lessons again and both kids are doing a fantastic job. Katie is so close to being able to swim all the way across Ms. Colleen's pool. She's still having a little trouble with getting a breath, but other than that her form is great. And Kyle is getting it too. Ms. Colleen asked him today if he was going to be an Olympic swimmer when he grows up, but he said no. ;-) After he made it across the pool she looked at me and said, "Wait, he was crying at his lessons in April - what happened?" I reminded him that once Katie swam with him at a make-up lesson he was fine.
Icing:
One of the things I found a bit odd in the film were the details added about their sexual development. In the book they seemed normal and part of what you would expect for children growing into adulthood, but in the film they felt startling and exaggerated. I'm not sure if that is one of the differences between the way the subject is taken on by the author versus the film director, or if it is a "Hollywood" device? I suppose that anything corporeal felt that way in the film though, since so much of it ends up being psychological as you uncover more and more of the truth behind the story.
Reactions to the damage to Christchurch’s Anglican cathedral say much about some individuals and potentially more about ourselves as a nation. It’s partly an arts issue but also more than that.
I wanted the door to measure approximately 34" wide so I headed out to that
Needless to say, they were pretty exhausted.
What is the most difficult part of the whole writing process?
"We have lived here 40 years and now we are treated like animals", the woman cried.
Malcolm Fraser (Prime Minister of Australia 1975-1983)
Okay so I still don't know 100% of all the pieces to the story yet, but I know most of it, certainly enough to keep me moving forward. The only thing is, I wanted to finish the whole thing up today, and yeah, that just isn't going to happen. I'm getting cross-eyed. I am a bit worried though that now that NaNoWriMo is over, that I wont come back tomorrow and finish. I have to keep going, have to keep going, have to keep going, till I reach...The End.
So how does the IAAF (the lead agency of track and field) hope to change that perception? Like any other organization or individual does, by showing that it has nothing to hide. By saying “Here is what we do, what has been done, here are the outcomes, and as you can see everything is working as it is supposed to.” – In other words by being transparent with the public regarding its anti-doping program. As I said in April of 2010, and alluded to above, the rash of high profile failures of the program has lead to distrust. And the sport’s “veil of secrecy” regarding testing doesn’t help. Nor has its insistence on allowing the program to be circumvented. In this age of the Internet, we all know when a country doesn’t have an anti-doping agency in place – and is simply allowed to go without rather than take part in a regional agency. We know when a federation questions the right of anti-doping personnel to come into their country. We know when athletes go out of their way to avoid “testers” that are looking for them. We also know that the only information that the IAAF provides to the public about the program is the listing of those that are banned. Personally I think one of the biggest PR blunders of this sport is the level of secrecy that envelopes the anti-doping process.
02 Lies
The challenge is half way done, and I don’t really want to talk about today’s class other than it was a 90 minute Yin class, and it went alright. I would rather talk about my yoga gear which makes me really happy, and do a little check in to see what physical progress has been made so far.
4) Lipsticks
I'm sure till seat hogger Vera would look fabulous as wonder woman:
In the field you may need to be a bit more inventive. In the situation pictured on the right, the interviewer and guest are only ever shown from the waist up. The audience need never know the true height relationship.
One thing I really did like was the meetings with the therapist. I'm a psych major, so of course, I always kind of enjoy reading these kinds of scenes, but I thought it was done really well in P.A!
I'm totally happy with it for what it is.
Thanks for stopping by! Enjoy the week!!
I get that it’s a hard job. Weather is terribly unpredictable, like rest of life. It reminds me of a fact I’ve heard about the odds of all the predictions of the Old Testament coming true. It’s a ratio of some-stupidly-large-number-with-lots-of-commas-and-zeros to one. Somebody said it would be like the state of Texas being filled in quarters a foot deep, you being blindfolded and given the task of finding one specific quarter. Yet, Jesus fulfills every single one of those prophecies.
Next week I will share #3 & #4 on my list!
South African Photographer Mike Mike - who inspired the images with a web project called The Face of Tomorrow compiling the faces of various cities - explains: 'Blonde hair gets lost pretty quickly when you start averaging.
Here's a few snippets we've been cracking up over recently:
So the Wall Street Journal’s European edition cut deals with various organizations to exchange positive editorial coverage for them buying bulk copies of the paper for as little as a penny a copy to distribute freely at seminars and such. The Audit Bureau of Circulation ruled that this practice was somehow legitimate and these copies would be counted as paid circulation.
Surprised: Surgeons at Torbay Hospital was shocked when they retrieved the bullet from Mitchell's leg
And here's a close up of the fussy cut Summer Samba papers popped and some added bling.
I missed the traditional Camping pleasures, this year, of being high and deep into the wooded splendors of Oregon for the 4th. There have been too many other things going on, and the camping trip never got scheduled. Chiefly because there is a trip our entire stable is going on is looming...only 2 weeks away and so much to do (buy) . It is an expensive venture..going to a place that is not as horse prepared as I am used to. The Inn we travel to, has only a large 1-5 acre plot for us. Since all our horses -do NOT- go out together, we have to divide it ourselves, after driving 5-6 hours. Joy...but hey, the husbands are coming and they love stuff like that (right?!)
She was taken to jail because a deputy clocked her doing 82 in a 40 mph zone.
“May God grant you always: A sunbeam to warm you, a moonbeam to charm you, a sheltering Angel so nothing can harm you. Laughter to cheer you. Faithful friends near you. And whenever you pray, Heaven to hear you.”
Why did listening to what the customers had said lead the company down a blind alley? The answer lies in the fact that when companies gather customer requirements they do not know what types of inputs they need to get from the customer and neither does the customer herself. Wants, needs, benefits, solutions, ideas, desires, demands, specifications (all very different kinds of inputs) can land up as responses to the same kind of questions.
Now I don’t know if it’s feasible for PR firms to structure themselves along the lines of ad agencies, but I’ve known a lot of unhappy people over the years who would welcome a change like that.
Belly Button in or out? flat as a pancake
Paul is going over the events as detailed in Acts 9, which marks a beginning of a dispensational change. Israel, as a nation, was being led into a total rejection of God’s prophetic program for it. I say, being led, for the religious leaders were now conducting an all out war against those who received Jesus Christ as their prophesied Messiah.
4) Gitmo
Sorry I haven’t been posting the last week. I’ve been pretty busy here in Orgrimmar, and not even with anything big and momentous like wiping out the Alliance or even the aftermath of Deathwing biting it. This past week my Greatmother has been visiting from Nagrand, so I was showing her around and just generally keeping her out of trouble.
The problem for Rupert Murdoch and those around him, however, is that there is more than one dimension of ‘progression’ – beyond the purely horizontal one across newspaper titles and walks of life.
Mrs R thinks it's a surprising picture and wonders if anybody else can see why. He seems to look ill at ease, unsure of himself. It isn't a picture of a 'statesman', somebody with power and authority. Maybe not getting that Europe job he so coveted hurt more than we know.
Famine Facts
Had to have 'em.
causeless
After I hung up the phone, I turned to my blog list. Near the top was a friend's (who I had met at the Steven Curtis Chapman concert in October) blog. She is adopting from Ethiopia and had recently received her referral. I clicked on her blog http://embracingtheleastofthese.blogspot.com/2010/12/sibling-group-update.html and her post was about a sibling group that was being adopted. She linked to the family’s blog here http://wallingadoption.blogspot.com/2010/12/severely-off-her-rocker.html so of course, I followed the link… and I read “our” story (a family interested in waiting children – the mom who is “off her rocker” and the dad who was skeptical about adding more than one child at a time; two interested families – one of whom was running into difficulties due to finances and the kids at home and the other who didn't have as many obstacles to overcome) If this wasn’t a confirmation from God that we were supposed to bring this boy home, I can’t think of anything else.
Looking forward to a lunch dominated by honey-baked ham, even if that ham’s primary purpose is to serve as a vehicle for getting heaps of stoneground mustard into my belly (just like lobster:butter, artichoke:aioli, pancakes:syrup, the list goes on. Why wasn’t this on the PSATs?). Also I really need something to balance out the pounds of carrot cake already in there. Because while it makes perfect sense to follow a recipe that leaves enough batter to fill an extra round cake pan for taste tests, that’s only if you aren’t the sole person testing, and only if you don’t rationalize that an extra slice with toasted coconut, and another with a dusting of finely chopped walnuts, will allow you to narrow down the topping options.
selfless requests and supplications to my Father with praise and thanksgiving
I'd like to sell few japanese 109 brands clothings^^
Wishing Each and Every One of You a Happy Mother's Day!!!
First stop: St. Paul's Cathedral ....or should I say ruins of St. Paul's Cathedral. It was breathtakingly beautiful! Almost 200 years older then the United States.
My original goal was to finish in 10:00 minute miles. Once I got started and ran a .5 north and turned around into a massive head wind, I thought “I’ll take what I can get”. Total time was: 2:12:23 or 10:06 pace. But that doesn’t include 2 bathroom stops (TMI: wrong time of month and resulting cramp issues). Just glad that’s over with and won’t be an issue 2 weeks from now.
Saturday, I'm going to American Craft Council art show in St Paul, MN,
First of all, I was so delighted to go with Milena. She GETS me. I'm grateful that I can name as many people as many people as I can that DO get me; I'm rather strange, actually. But, even out of all those people, I think only she REALLY gets the Simon LeBon thing. Love that. She, like I, came with one mission: to listen, and to gaze, and to dance. (OK, three missions. And to drink some wine. But I'm diluting the point, so I shall proceed.)
Oh and I have my 2nd blogoversary coming up that I have done absolutely nothing for! Might have to have a belated giveaway :@
Since then, Mac's life has been turned upside down. She is being haunted by Amy in her dreams, and an extremist group called the Trackers has come to Mac's hometown of Hemlock to hunt down Amy's killer: A white werewolf.
Paul Joseph Watson
I think I might have to have an etsy shop for them... You all will have to let me know if that's a good idea...
You may have noticed recently that I have had a few blog post featuring slice form. This is something I have been interested in for a few years but hadn’t done for a while until recently.
via her vlog.
34: yip, that's my age *sigh* ..it's creeping up there now. DH, Larissa and Keaton baked me a cake for my birthday. I had to hide out upstairs (in my scraproom of course) while they baked it. It was fun to hear the kids impatiently waiting for it to cool down so it could be iced....and so it was iced while it was still a little too warm. LOL We had to light the candles several times so they could take turns blowing them out.
The producers were concerned that if NBC knew about Diane’s cameo they would promo it and spoil the surprise. So they did something rather amazing.
I have to say VL: I love you, I really do, and it breaks my heart to say this, but it wasn't your best story. Or, as they say in fashion, "it wasn't your best angle". At the risk of upsetting those involved (my sincere apologies; I know how difficult it is doing these shoots), this is what I would have loved to have seen instead...
“I’m thinkin’ that with the next several weekends you’ll spend visitin’ the kin and collectin’ your presents,” his sister continued, “we’ll all have time to adjust to Zanna’s bein’ in the house. Same kind of change every family goes through after a wedding.”
(1) Kotex =3.99
The plot moves along pretty well as Olivia introduces new steps in her Behavior Modification Plan for Middle School Domination. Breaking up that narrative are little aside scenes here and there where Olivia trains actual dogs (cute and very funny!) and talks with her therapist Moncherie (yes, that's actually her name, and I love her).
In order to ensure that all policyholders in Washington are treated fairly and equitably by insurers’ rate stability rules, the Office of the Insurance Commissioner has proposed a new rule that prescribes standards by which to evaluate and approve or disapprove them. The newly proposed rule, WAC 284-24-130, applies only to personal lines of property and casualty insurance.
Kind of like Curious George in the castle, I think.
BrewDog, "wholeheartedly" backed the Chancellor's proposals saying they were "a blessing for Craft Beer" and that "increases in duty can only help to get more people to drink better quality beer". With beer friends like these, who needs enemies.
Later on that night we go to the liqour store and grabbed a 6 pack of winter storm and some outmeal stout and went back to the crib.
Only on a train do we see more of the world around us
Overabundant heart
whenever the winter weather is simply too much for Sunny,
Love bonds us all together for life. Direct relation or not.
Netting
This specific moment left me traumatized for days. Scared-to-open-doors traumatized. The movie as a whole works with plenty of disturbing moments and twists. Like when Naomi Watts' kid is all like, "YOU LET HER OUT? WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT?" Yeah. That was awesome. Director Gore Verbinski hit the nail on the head with this moment, though. Without any preparation a scene with Watts talking to her sister flashes to her niece's corpse. It got me. And it still gets me.
And come on, the Gary Walker revival must surely be kicked into action soon.
Apple may be a good company to learn from. It pioneered the home computer and built up a reputation only for mistakes to create damage to its reputation. In 1997 its CEO was sacked amid a 12 year record low stock price and crippling financial losses. Yet they have gone on to be the largest computer company making repeated iconic technological equipment with a loyal customer base. So how did they do it?
I have been making my own yogurt for some time now. I had always used store-bought yogurt, but I recently purchased a starter online. In using store-bought yogurt, the homemade raw yogurt came out very strong. The kids wouldn't touch it. This particular starter created a very mild tasting yogurt, like the packet says. I warmed the milk a bit, to a little over 100 degrees and added one starter packet. I stirred, wrapped in a towel and placed it in my oven with the light on. It sat there for almost 24 hours to make sure the lactose was all gone. The milk I used (gasp) was slightly soured to begin with. So the yogurt was, too. But the kids didn't seem to care. Score 1.
The night air is remarkably cool and brilliantly lit by the night sky. The perfect recipe for a Rest Day…Before we take this post sideways and off into the abysses like we normally do. We feel the need to speak with you for one minute, a heart to heart. Thank You!!! We don’t tell you that enough nor could we ever say it enough to you dear reader. You are special and appreciated around these parts! At last count there were over 500 peeps who…err 490+ peeps (If you want to tick people off make fun of Cardio Barre Burn…we’ll leave it at that!) who decided to follow the ramblings of CultFit HQ. We are humbled, truly! Thank You once again for giving up five precious seconds from your glorious eventful day to stop by and hang out for a bit!
I used crackled Dragon veins 8mm beads to complete these earrings. Ear wire is 1 1/2” long handmade and hammered, brown non tarnish copper wire.
I'll tell you one thing, I couldn't shake the flavour of Coco Pops out of my mouth with this beer. Suits me just fine, I love me some Coco Pops!
"This includes the LRAD (Long Range Acoustic Device) which will be deployed during the Olympic Games primarily to be used in the loud hailer mode as part of the measures to achieve a maritime stop on the Thames."
Lewis' troubles began early in his life. In the 1960s, he was treated at a psychiatric facility after reportedly chasing his mother with an ax, attacking his stepfather and then trying to commit suicide by taking 36 headache tablets He's perfect!
Big Bill Broonzy or Garcia Lorca
For it could have been worse the other way.
It blew away
- didn’t fit toddler
Prayers are still needed. Thank you for continuing to check back here. I am posting from my iPad. I hope the next post will be more positive.
Here’s my haul this week:
A special word about the Council on Foreign Relations role in the 1963 Coup d’Etat and cover up: no other organization has been more responsible for the murder and cover up of John Kennedy than the CFR. Elite CFR members such as Allen Dulles, Nelson Rockefeller and George Herbert Walker Bush were probably sponsors of the JFK assassination. Certainly leadership CFR members such as Allen Dulles, John J. McCloy, and Gerald Ford played the most critical roles in the Warren Commission farce. Add in cover up roles played by Nelson Rockefeller (CFR), Henry Kissinger (CFR), McGeorge Bundy (CFR), Nicholas Katzenbach (CFR), Jack Valenti (CFR), Bill Moyers (CFR), William Coleman (CFR) James Reston NY Times (CFR), Anthony Lewis NY Times (CFR), Dan Rather CBS (CFR), Peter Jennings (CFR), Daniel Schorr (CFR), Kenneth Gilmore Readers’ Digest (CFR), Stephen Rosenfeld Washington Post (CFR), Bobbie Ray Inman (CFR), … the list is almost endless. Note two things: 1) they are the key establishment players of BOTH major political parties spanning decades 2) their power and influence is directly proportional to the fantastic whoppers they tell about in the 1963 Coup d’Etat. For the older CFR members it is a case of PARTICIPATION and COVER UP in the JFK assassination. For the younger ones such as George Will (CFR), Charles Krauthammer (CFR), David Gergen (CFR), John Segenthaler (CFR), Michael Beschloss (CFR) it is a case of WILLFUL IGNORANCE as they still push the Big Lie. Note: Chris Matthews of Hardball, another willfully ignorant man, is close friends with Richard Haass, current president of CFR. I have never seen the highly acclaimed political guru Michael Barone, and Bilderberger attendee, ever say anything credible on the JFK assassination.
i pull my earphones out of my ears and turn to face him.
THIS IS ONE CARD OF MANY FOR ME TO MAKE FOR THE FAMILY. I HAVE DECIDED TO MAKE DIFFERENT CARDS FOR EACH FAMILY MEMBER. I LOVE THE COLORS. THEY ARE BRIGHT AND CHEERFUL.
Well, except for Kemel and Waterfield, both of whom are killed protecting others. Maxtible is left on Skaro. The Doctor and Jamie escape the destruction with Victoria in tow. This is our new TARDIS crew. We’ll see how it works out.
The more I discover new bands via the internet, the more I become aware of the fact that most music affectionados have a very Eurocentric view. This holds especially true in the metal world so it has become a mission of mine to spread word of bands that are off the radar. Today, I am exploring another project that is very dear to me named Qafas (meaning “cage” in Arabic). The one responsible is Learza, a musician from Bahrain, who has had his hand steeped in several one-man oriental black metal projects since 2004. He has taken a different approach with this one; the project is an experimentation with funeral doom as his medium. This holds especially true for Qafas' 2010 EP, “Al-Ahlaam,” which literally translates to “The Dreams.”
Two dry heaves later, Bobby rolls over on his back, the bucket like a vile bell dangling from his fingers. He set it down gently so as not to spill it. The ground-down carpet was in bad shape, he considered, but adding the contents of his stomach to the filth would just be insult on injury. Bobby blinked slow, a lizard in the heat. His stomach cramped and he winced. The flies, goddamn flies, why they gotta be so loud? he thought.
Ms. Jackson testified in September before the House Energy and Commerce Committee, “Particulate matter causes premature death. It doesn’t make you sick. It’s directly causal to dying sooner than you should.” Just to clarify what Ms. Jackson meant by “sooner than you should,” deaths allegedly caused by PM2.5 are supposed to occur within a day or so of exposure.
They have purposely covered up oil spills, accidents, faulty bookkeeping, and inactive ingredients in pursuit of profit.
He pulled out a piece of parchment, something Old Crones family line had passed down how to make through the generations.
makes them a little more pleasant, especially the younger one (she manages to have her stepsister’s
I don’t want to fail and start harming myself again.
6. Food just tastes better: Shortly after arriving at home, I was presented with a delicious meal courtesy of an amazing partner. She was just “whipping up a small meal” of potato and salmon cakes with fresh parsley over steamed cabbage soaked in blueberry/raspberry juice, and served with drenched apples. Needless to say, it tasted amazing!
One other thing that I think is worth mentioning is that there have been a rash of brilliant, honest, and soul-bearing posts lately about the ups and downs of the writing life and its demands. From the soul sucking experience of being out on submission for months and months to the very human feelings of envy and jealousy that nearly every writer experiences, to honest, realistic exposés of what the reality of being published is like when compared to our dreams. Take the time to read these posts and let them be an important counterbalance in your head to the constant inner whispering and urgings to go faster, do more, don’t fall behind, they’re pulling ahead, she has more followers, he has more blog readers. Just. Stop. Don’t only listen to (and try to keep up with!) all the success stories you see on the internet, but use the experiences of those who are willing to be honest as cautionary tales of what to avoid.
Scotch Mist is from the Spring Painterly pack, the other textures are from the Autumn Painterly set.
THE LAST SECRET is a 97,000-word thriller.
Their golden goblets magically were filled
Some other Vacation Events for you to Commemorate
One must be skeptical of such an alliance of multi-national corporations operating in the tar sands. Tar sands development has been under heavy criticism over the last year after disparaging reports from the October Report of the Commissioner of the Environment and Sustainable Development, which criticized current monitoring and the legitimacy of RAMP’s data. That coupled with tar sands pipeline opposition in the US (TransCanada – Keystone XL) and Canada (Enbridge Northern Gateway), and the recent heated debates surrounding the labeling of tar sands as a high carbon fuel in the new EU Fuel Quality Directive, one starts to see the motives of these corporations. They are doing their best to create positive PR for their shareholders and the public.
Well, I’m off. Gotta do my Saturday stuff and I want to get back before the heat really cranks up. Lots of terrible stuff happening around the world this week. Lots of people in my thoughts and prayers.
Lucien has been selected randomly by Seattle Public Schools to be a participant in a physical fitness survey. He has to wear a pedometer to count his steps for the next week. So I was wondering, can pedometers explode? Because this kid moves in ways this pedometer has likely never seen before. I don't know how, but The Loosh even manages to run while sitting down.
There are days when I need what a Dom gives me and I can’t focus or concentrate until I get it.
And she can use the docket for the whole journey?
VIVIENNE: Chocolate, of course
It’s been positively lovely to just pass over the “feminine product” department in the store. I never run out of my “supplies.”
When it was finished she garnished it with some bacon.
The worst part though? The tortillas were terrible. Thick, dense and dry, they arrived cool (having been forgotten by our absentee waitress.) The corn tortilla beneath the huevos rancheros was brittle but ameliorated by the liberal lashings of red chile.
Firstly, I was one of the lucky winners of the recent Some Odd Girl Blog hop and I won the new Hey Kaylee set! How cool is that? It arrived today in the mail. Thank you Kristy! I can't wait to use it, but I have a few other DT commitments that I must get off my desk first.
it would be years in the future before I would realize, would understand, that it had never been my job to "Fix" him.........
Oh, my sweet fancy Moses.
We have a bevy of past content that we enable each year, making tweaks and modifications to keep them fresh. We’ve received consistently good feedback on these efforts. However, we will also build upon it with new content all throughout the year. For example, we have added some new events that are running right now in conjunction with the spirit of April Fool’s. I never thought these words would come out of my mouth, but “Go see Bobo in the Plane of Knowledge” to experience some shenanigans! Now, you may have seen one Bobo but you haven’t seen them all – Gleemaker is his last name, in case you happen to know a lot of Bobos.
“Whatever’s necessary my queen, just like always, but right now, what’s necessary is for you to let me undress you, bathe, massage, feed you, and make love to you until the words fumble from your lips tired, and weighted with satisfaction.”
For the gruelling relapse and prolongueur of their blood
This opinion article was written by an independent writer. The opinions and views expressed herein are those of the author and are not necessarily intended to reflect those of DigitalJournal.com
While working on a client's bathroom I came across these images that make me want to do my bathrooms over....
This prayer is to the spiritual master. Ajnana-timirandhasya. Everyone born in this material world is in ignorance, born ignorant. We should take it for granted, this material world is called tama. The Vedic injunction is tamasi ma jyotir gamah: “Don’t remain in this darkness; come to the light.” Actually, this material world is dark. It is lighted with sunlight, moonlight, electric light, this light, that light. Its nature is darkness. That is a scientific fact. So anyone born in this material world, beginning from Brahma, the chief personality in the topmost planet of this universe, down to the ant — everyone is in darkness. Therefore this prayer, ajnana-timirandhasya jnananjana-salakaya. Everyone is put into the darkness, and one who opens the eyes by the torch of knowledge… Darkness means without knowledge. So it is the duty of the spiritual master to open the eyes of the person in darkness with torch of knowledge. Ajnana-timirandhasya jnananjana-salakaya caksur unmilitam yena. The person who opens our eyes in that way, he is the spiritual master. And one may offer his respectful obeisances unto such personality.
Meanwhile, the vibes coming out of Berlin are that Chancellor Angela Merkel is throwing her support behind Finance Minister Wolfgang Schauble’s ‘keep Greece afloat in the eurozone’ strategy reported in last Sunday’s Slog and elsewhere. The hope seems to be that emergency pocket-money out of the public eye will be fed to Athens, and then the new powers being given to the EFSF at the end of September will weigh in alongside the Troika after that. But with or without full eurozone involvement in the bailout, the numbers still do not, in my view, work. The CDU rebels are right: it is good money after bad.
Well sod that. I have taken my darkest rugs and stapled them to the window frames, and I’ve bolted the door shut. I sink into darkness with my Neurosis and Siouxsie and the Banshees records, but before all that i think you should join me in listening to these gems….
Frozen Planet
(Besides me is Mayank)
- Elaine- Modesty Personified!, Birmingham UK, 21/2/2012 09:28
These are my trees.
When you look at your past, see the lessons and the love and release anything else, as all of it has helped you become the you you are. These helped to give you what you needed to evolve and grow into this most beautiful light that we see. Know that we are watching over you, guiding you and protecting you during these times of change.
Let me introduce myself a little....I am a stay at home my of 4 children with our 5th due in June! Being a busy mom organization is my sanity. I dispise clutter and love a well maintained home...but this did not happen over night! It has been 16 years of trying all kinds of organizational techniques and learning what works for our family. I've learned that what may work for one family doesn't work for all. This was the case for menu planning. Dinner time would come along and I didn't have a plan...I found myself staring at the fridge trying to figure out what I could make with the things I had on hand..I had to get a handle of this important part of our day.
My grandmother, a lovable but frustratingly conformist person, says I'm against everything. What she doesn't realize is that every single thing I'm *against* can be flipped around to be something I'm for! I'm anti-sexism, which means I'm pro woman's rights. I'm anti-colonialist, which means I'm for Indigenous rights. I'm against governments, but for decentralization, and community organization.
I’ve been recording, singing, even played an industry showcase that I’m told went down pretty well, but throughout this whole time I’ve been feeling hollowed out, like I’ve been running on empty.
or what they seem
After a long run, the last thing you may want is a big meal. Smoothies are great for runners, as they pack in the carbs and protein for muscle repair. But beware, bottled brands are often low in minerals and vitamins, so why not try and blend your own!
Wow, didn't realise so much time had passed since my last post. Been quite busy to say the least and it doesn't seem to be slowing down!
My personal opinion has always been a COSAFA or CECAFA Champions league. Surely, the PSL can influence ABSA to fund the project. This gets Southern African teams enough international practise for the Africa Champions league and even help moderate players get international game time.
According to the latest statistics, from 1998 to 2010 those projects attracted around US$3.36 billion from abroad in addition to the borrowed money from domestic banks mounted to around US$1.7 billion.
Stir, and serve over rice or noodles.
==During the years we had babies, we had only 1 car so he drove it to work and left me here with a stroller. Most days I did not have to go anywhere, so this was fine. I enjoyed pushing the kids around my small town, to grocery shop and to the park around the corner. I still walk most places in town even though I have a van now. The hurtful part, was that the stroller was never given a spot in ‘his’ garage. It was always pushed out in to the weather, under a small picnic shelter with no walls, so I had to brush off snow, bugs, pine needles, before heading out. He says he pushed the strollers out to prevent toxic fumes from his work getting into them. BS. Then push them back in again.
"Where do you get your ideas?" This must be the single most asked question that any writer has to answer. It's also one of the hardest.
Meyer was nominated by her co-workers who say she believes in and applies the CMH core values of trust, care, respect, quality and community in everything she does.
Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett said he is confident a budget will get passed on time, but pension reform has been added to the list of issues to tackle.
The actor apparently called in to the protest to say he couldn’t make it, but some demonstrators didn’t believe it was really Danny Glover on the call.
As you might have noticed, my site is more or less gone from the Internets. The time had just come for me to reduce my presence, I felt, for a good many reasons. It mainly seemed silly to keep the site up in its earlier format when I decided 2 years ago that I'd never model or do videos again. People age, and their priorities change, and mine have. These days I'm more interested in securing my future for my remaining years, which sounds morbid, but really isn't, given I turn 50 in September! Time is running out to make sure I have a home and health and creature comforts for my declining years, so this year's resolutions address this worry.
I don't know what happened. All I know is I was shaking, sweating, my chest was on fire and I felt like I could not breathe. I have never been so scared in my life. He helped me over to another lounge that was more laid back to see if I could pull myself together, but all I could think of was "This is it. I am dying." I know in retrospect that may have been dramatic but at the time, I felt like I was having a heart attack and that was it. I have never had an experience where I truly thought my life was over. It really is eye-opening. But we will get to that in uno momento.
However, one would be incorrect.
How did this happen and why is it getting so much worse?
A young opera singer (Betty) gets her big chance when the previous star of a production of Verdi's Macbeth is run over by a car. Convinced the opera is bad luck she accepts, and becomes the target (in Argento's unmistakable style) of a psychopath - a man she has been dreaming of since childhood. Don't believe the hype Opera is one of Argento's best, most scary films.
That valiant host assails,
It was abit bulky though - oops!!
We're SO on top of things and have already brought our HUMAN neighbors pies and such to introduce ourselves.
In Segovia, never miss a cochinillo meal at no less than Meson de Candido. They didn’t build a monument for Candido for nothing. It’s only a half hour AVE train ride from Madrid. The cochinillo, the cathedral and the Alcazar are good enough reasons for a day out to Segovia.
And I'm feeling unsure about how to get there, out of touch. Which means it's time to look within again, time to re-prioritize, time to figure out the next step, tiny step to take. That's all it takes, most times, one small step in the direction of your dreams.
Me: Deedbacks!
But many Egyptians will suspect that, at the very least, the government turned a blind eye, reports the BBC’s Jon Leyne in Cairo.
And then she went home and dug around in her closets, I guess, and brought me these, below. Yes, I squealed when I opened the bag. I know I said I wasn't dyeing anything else until autumn, but I can't resist one last batch. Orange, this time. These will go in it, and then I'll probably cut off the two long dresses and make them into tunics, just below the pockets, about mid-thigh. I'll dye them first, though, so I have some extra fabric in the same color in case I get some other idea:
~A beautiful gallery wall (love those architectural prints)
I liken myself to be a rationalist and willing to change my opinion if I have sufficient evidence. I've generally been a left-leaning moderate (less and less moderate every day, btw) so, I did not support Ronald Reagan in 1980 or 1984. But over time I came to see his administration's tax policy combined with Paul Volcker's fed policy were conducive to the economic recovery in the 80's and beyond.
My father, grandfather and Uncle all went hunting together when I was growing up so we ate quite a variety of game meats. I was fine with eating the rabbit...that is until I saw the cute little furry thing blood stained being carried in the house by my father. I'd like to say the sight of that rabbit sent me running towards vegetarianism but sadly it did not. It merely kept me from partaking in rabbit for a short time.
I'm sure that Glan Conwy isn't unique in this respect; there will be a large number of other community councilors who are also selected without election through all of Wales.
I'm still fiddling with it but I think I can be really usefull.
Speaking of Hops, once a year Bell's ups the ante and releases Hopslam. This mid-winter release takes hops to the next level, upping the alcohol, bitterness and hop flavor while keeping it drinkable, almost to the point of a session beer, which is scary for a 10% ABV Double IPA.
Where: Mom and Dad's house
At last the soul from its foul mousehole
this I know
- Most people dance around the truth and deny that they are the reason for their quality of their life. If you want to be a winner, you have to acknowledge the truth- it’s you who took the actions, thought the thoughts, created the feelings, and made the choices that got you where you are now. But here is the good news:
Number 2 – Your discipline – Are you disciplining yourself to create the correct circumstances that will enable you to reach your goal??
ripped from life leaving a tear
without losing
He meets Winnie when he gets permission to visit Ossabaw Island, a barrier island off the coast of Savannah, Ga., which at the time was closed to the public and inhabited by very few people who were doing some sort of research. He only meets two: Michael, a geologist, and Winnie, a linguist working on her doctorate. Ross assumes they are a couple until he learns that they live on opposite ends of the estuary. A relationship develops between Ross and Winnie, who doesn't mind talking about things while he films her nude sunbathing. McElwee tries to convince her of parallels between himself and Sherman saying they both have red beards and both are failures of a sort: Sherman in businesses such as real estate, Ross in real estate. "There's no analogy between the real estate business and love affairs," Winnie tells him. She's completely self-sufficient on the island which you can only travel back and forth from on a ferry. Winnie gets her milk from a cow. While she milks the animal one time, she utters one of the film's most memorable lines, "The only important things in life are linguistics and sex." She does admit having a fondness for the cow as well though. In a way, whatever relationship exists between Winnie and Ross does recall that statement from The Museum of Modern Art about McElwee being an unreliable narrator: We never hear or see anything that indicates romance or affection between the linguist and the filmmaker. Unfortunately, McElwee has run out of cash so he has to fly back to Boston to take a film editing job. He tells Winnie that he'll only be gone two months and promises to return.
The Easter banner is from A Child's Year, as well, and filled with solid dark brown and the pink pattern from Lori's Garden (Pg. 42). The pink monogrammed eggs were added to the chocolate eggs and then strung together with pink and white twine from Stampin' Up. Each end is tied in a bow and topped with a pink ribbon daisy. I then added a spray of mixed and matched flowers found in the bridal department of my local craft store.
Evelyn Hadley-Attwater has it all — a genteel Victorian life replete with loving husband, ball gowns and elegant parties. No one, including the man she married, suspects that she was once “Eve,” a spy for England’s most enigmatic intelligence agency. Summoned for one final assignment, the excitement of her former life and memories of her mysterious, flirtatious boss “Sir” prove too tempting…
Hubby and Will took care of getting the whipped cream!
I imagine a few of you are thinking 'hmm sounds like their Yakima Red, their 4% amber ale??' Certainly ratings on ratebeer would agree with that. I have never had it so forked out its £4.99 price tag.
Use a cookie press with a star-shaped disk to shape mixture into long ribbons, following manufacturer's instructions, on parchment paper-lined baking sheets. Cut ribbons into 2-inch pieces
Mt. Hermon is extremely valuable as a strategic early warning system against unpleasant surprises from our northern neighbors. We ‘LIKE’ having this towering, beautiful mountain as part of the Land of Israel!
- a Btssb JSK
“I used the masks because I wanted to cite V for Vendetta,” says Wu. “It’s about human rights. It’s a movie questioning the idea of anarchy and I’m very passionate about improving the world, changing the world, affecting people through not only art.”
The view from the deck was sure different! The water was just lovely and relaxing. Sitting out there in the morning drinking coffee and watching the wildlife was almost paradise.
"Go? Go where, Grandma?" I asked. I hadn't even finished my second world-famous, cinnamon bun. "Where" turned out to be Kerby's General Store, the one store in town that had a little bit of just about everything. As we walked through its doors, Grandma handed me ten dollars. That was a bundle in thosedays. "Take this money," she said, "and buy something for someone who needs it. I'll wait for you in the car." Then she turned and walked out of Kerby's.
We had our workshop on Saturday and I just wanted to post some highlights of what we talked about for review!
WWE Champion CM Punk vs. Chris Jericho
At one point Charles raised some concerns regarding the involvement of certain family members in the Nairobi Funeral Committee.
ALPA would have you believe that you are constantly in a state of war. After all, this is the only way YOU are manageable. The choices you would make are taken from you, and you are lead to believe this is a normal state of affairs. It is not. It is a fabrication designed to empower certain people at your expense.
Your life has been difficult,
Soon she humps my cock a little faster
2. Inform the bloggers of their nomination.
But for now, my sweet love has asked me to turn my adventures into dreams for tomorrow and more and head off to bed. And so, it’s sweet dreams and a good night to everyone, that is… until tomorrow. haha
You wished that you could turn around the clock
~Emily
Sagna came back to the squad and played extremely well. Early on in the game, he was scythed down by an overweight Frenchie. The resulting free kick by rVp hit the wall and went out for a corner.
Mind Control. The New York Times has an article on the recently re-opened "National Museum of China," located in Tiananmen Square, the location of the bloody Tiananmen Square Massacre on June 4, 1989. Ironically, but not surprisingly, the museum contains not one mention of the incident. I have included a few excerpts from the article below. The discussion of the rampant revisionist history in this museum is painfully amusing - those same people who would wish socialism and communism upon the United States would hardly be delighted at the prospect of complete State control of mind and freedom...
Bekah - Hitting you
Clay or Play-Doh®
Free Motion Squat: 20 @ 20 lbs
Be honest with one another. Is there someone of the opposite sex within your circle of friends to whom you might be attracted? We are all human and even when we are in a solid and loving marriage relationship, we are all going to be tempted at one time or another. If this happens, be honest with your spouse. It may be that you’ll have to cease having a friendship with that person, if either of you feel it is a possible threat to your marriage. Your spouse should be a priority in your life and your heart. Don’t allow anyone outside of that to pose even a possible threat to your marriage relationship. This may be very difficult, especially if you are faced with talking to that person and explaining why the friendship has to end, but isn't your spouse worth more than a friendship with another person?
· Almonds & raisins: my absolute favourite snack. I really should lie about this, shouldn't I? Yeah, really I graze on morsels of suckling pig, spit-roasted on my deck by a half-naked assistant;
Q: You hate men?
How does Pinterest work?
So those are the ones for now, many of which I have been getting more and more tempted to reread.
At some point I plan to write something, probably fairly lengthy, about how silly the notion is that a particular figure attributed to history died for anyone’s sins given the thousands of people, if not more, still dying for our sins on a regular basis. Or rather, maybe it’ll be about his death being the least of the death stemming from “sins” given the amount of suffering done to otherwise good people because of other people who just don’t want to stop pain, be it to themselves or others. And preceding that I’ll probably have to write something defining the term “sin” as I see them. Which will be a short blogging about more or less one’s action doing harm to others, which in turn necessitates the obvious counter-reaction that that action must thereby cause harm to the one committing the action.
There may, however, be good reason for this peekaboo appearance. Patricia Shull is the wife of Robert Shull, an Osoyoos-based promoter who has achieved considerable notoriety for his penny stock exploits.
212.260.0421
Cuz I’ll be right here with the words you said
Requests for tapes to be sent would also be written up on forms and given to the traffic department. The traffic people would prepare a request, on paper of course, and fax it to the tape duplication facility.
lil bit and I figured out why. I did escape his trap of a life w/ him. He wasn’t the most careful of men in certain areas, but I was a lil too wise beyond my years w/ him too. I wasn’t going to play the game anymore and hope he got nicer to me down the line. He had told me he wanted to get married one day & have kids and be a good father. It all sounded sweet, but then he would belittle me w/ such a quick jab comment that it could give you whip plash from the swiftness. It truly boggles my mind how people could be so nice one minute and then such a horror the next. Yeah, he could have changed, but I still have to let out a sigh of relief it’s some other girl w/ him now, not me.
Have a Lovely day whatever you are up to, I will catch up later xxxxxxx
coloring class, 3 stage presentations where you can see my entire quilt
I also want to let you know that each week I visit every blog. If it appears I haven't visited your blog by the following Wednesday evening, please let me know! This week I might be even later than usual because I'm on vacation, but I promise, I will be eventually. I have had some trouble leaving comments on a few blogs...I've tried to e-mail you if that is the case.
“No, he didn’t…” Jaejoong said. The Doctor looks at Yoochun.
my basket. I finished my shopping in a totally different state of mind from when I started. I
the Institute of Philosophy and Galfisa
Today’s example just falls under the category of “Really?”
There are many in the community of Ayahuasca who claim that my ontological question of “What is real”” is not even appropriate to ask. That is, there is no “Real” to determine. I respect that view, but we are human beings – curious creatures who would very much like to know what we are doing here on this planet. It seems we are here without anyone to explain it to us and we seem to have no explicit purpose other than ones we devise for ourselves. Our great religious texts are, I believe, an attempt to impose an order, an explanation, on our existence to keep us from being so very lost in non-resolvable wonder.
I'm no utopian thinker when it comes to the potential of digital media. Like anything, the new technology (which isn't all that new anymore) has its ups and downs. Truth be told, I don't even download much "free" music. As I've written elsewhere on this blog, I'm old school in my listening habits. I like vinyl, I still buy lots of CD's, and I don't own an iPod or particularly enjoy listening to music through my computer. But I think the free circulation of music has benefits that outweigh the costs. The biggest such benefit is that it has brought loads of music back into circulation that had long been unavailable, and the commercial record labels would have no reason to reissue because of the lack of potential for profit. Having such an archive available, unruly and disorganized as it is, is all the justification I need not to let record industry interests dictate the flow of music.
Bored with popular, easy square puzzles? You have to check this one.
April is apparently birthday month. Steve was number three. We headed on over with a super yummy chocolate cake. After a dinner of steak and salad and potatoes we decided to head out for a walk before we dug into the cake. Here I am with Steve, Darian and Justin. Those are some crazy kids. We basically played tag the entire walk.
Here are the Before and After's of the painting we did…
Hit Chart Elegy (音楽番付哀歌)
Did you receive complaints, praise?
2) Food
S: i would send it for like the lego man. he puts it in his cash.
The 'Read' poem is just printed on some Crate Paper, and was written by Bob Raczke. I saw it on a layout by Mou Saha in Creating Keepsakes, and just loved it. So much so that I have one in my living room and one in my scrapbook room!
Follow-up . . . .
Gregory: please continue
TIP #9
08 - You Forsake Me.
Later in repose, becalmed
Hope you all have a wonderful day tomorrow!!! :)
Let’s focus our attention on how to make legal immigration work and stop illegal immigration.
Notice I have conveniently cropped out our dining room table that is overflowing with a jumble of craft supplies, Thanksgiving school projects, and Christmas decorations. If you look in the bottom picture you can see the silhouette of Lu's pretzel rod tepee! Word is they are making pretzel rod advent wreaths in Sunday School this Sunday. Who knew you could make so many seasonal crafts with pretzel rods. This coming from the lady that constantly finds new uses for toilet paper tubes ;-)
Faler describes it as a recalibration of the senses.
Her honest attitude and strait forward speaking were always impressionable.
Offended at her rejection, Vince blurted out, “What don’t I understand? The weird little war, you and Russell have me involved in?”
We then headed to Sports Direct to pick out his new shoes -- Adidas, of course. They really suited him.
Honestly I believe I am selfish, very selfish I am doing this trip and the volunteering I do because it is what I love doing. I am not making many personal sacrifices, I have no responsibilities, I am not doing something I don’t want to be doing for the greater good.
After the news went through its important stuff, they started talking about goth culture and industrial music. Then they just had a goth/raver chick dancing to KMFDM‘s “Sex On The Flag” song for like the entire song. As music, it was great. As news, it was kind of like… WTF? Why are you spending so long on a KMFDM song? This isn’t normal news! (The song was almost definitely playing in real life, as it’s in my playlist currently and we have speakers on the ceiling over our bed.)
"By crying?"
Eating dairy products or nuts with grains also makes complete proteins. Oatmeal with milk on it is complete, as is peanut butter on whole wheat bread. Proteins do not necessarily need to be combined in the same meal, but generally they should be combined over a period of a few days.
So please send your finger-crosses/ 4 leaf clovers/ wishbones this way!! P.S. If anyone wants to make this their birthday wish when they blow out their candles, let me know and you totally get a pool party at Casa Schaffer (that's my last name, by the way, did you know that?) next year! I pray to sweet little baby Jesus that this will all go through.
Agave y Aguacate
3 wants
There are some days where it’s rainy all day, but it comes in blasts rather than unending rainfall, like Houston. The storms are sometimes accompanied by strong winds and even tornado-like destruction, though no one claims to have ever seen a funnel cloud. It’s almost like the wind gets channeled into a strong tube that levels everything in its path.
Because Midland is wealthy, people here are used to living as they wish. Lush lawns, swimming pools, trucked-in trees. While there have always been those who issued the occasional warning about our running out of water, the attitude was pretty much the one I overheard sitting in a bank several years ago when two White Men in Suits were talking about water. One said, "They say we're going to run out of water in fifty years," and the other said, "I won't be around in fifty years, so what do I care?"
KING & SPALDING
(And in response to AdrianLesher, who has taken a commanding early lead as the most charming commenter on the site: yes, I'm aware that the FD site asks you to punch in your zip code to see if it serves your area. If you check, you'll also find that after entering in 11225, you're greeted with the following message: "We need more information...Please enter your street address so that we can make sure your building is in our zone." That's why I asked if anyone knew whether delivery was available in all of our fair neighborhood.)
Due to my current massive Sweet Valley High obsession and the discovery that almost every Dublin library copy of anything to do with The Glorious Wakefields was either worn out at some point in the nineties or checked out and NEVER RETURNED (shame on you, Dublin pre-teens from the nineties) I've taken to scouring charity shops for second hand Sweet Valley wonderfulness. I've actually been surprisingly lucky so far.
The race was last Sunday. On Tuesday, I finally decided it was time to go to the doctor. I admit I did have fantasies that my illness was this "walking pneumonia" I've heard of--it would be fun to brag that I finished a half marathon with pneumonia--but alas! she said it was mere bronchitis, which is not even close to being a medical emergency. It's not even previously undiagnosed asthma combined with a sinus infection so severe it would require surgery like my sister had when she ran Winslow with me. Still, it's the ailment I had and it provided just the right amount of adversity to turn what could have been an ordinary race into a great one that I can really be proud of. Definitely Fayetteville half full!
It's Behind the Alley for the next 4 (weekdays) days.. and we are ready to share you samples and give you a little sneak peek of what the April release holds.. There are 3 new sets from The Alley Way Stamps that you can buy on April 1st in our shop. You will want to come back each week day, for the next 4 days to see more creations from the TAWS DT.. you won't want to miss this.
What are some your favorite Springtime foods? Are there any cuisines you like to take inspiration from for Spring?
This letter states they are contravening the DOL small business bylaw by selling rain barrels.
Case in point: A new poll found that what farmers and ranchers say is not resonating with consumers. In fact, agriculture’s standard “go-to” messages aren’t providing peace of mind for consumer audiences, and fighting emotion with science and facts has not moved the needle.
She also wanted to avoid what happened in the men’s race.
William Rucker, born on June 18, 1963, is chief executive of Lazard’s London operations. The bank dates back to 1848 and is one of the world’s pre-eminent financial advisory and asset management firms, operating from 40 cities across 24 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Australia, Central and South America. William joined Lazard in 1987, having previously qualified as a chartered accountant with Arthur Andersen. He is also chairman of Quintain Estates and Development plc and Crest Nicholson Holdings Ltd, as well as being a non-executive director of Rentokil Initial. His wife Angela is from a legendary point-to-point family, being the grand-daughter of Major Harold Rushton, who rode 86 winners, and the daughter of Pat Tollitt, who rode 171 winners between the flags and was champion lady rider on six occasions. Angela herself is also a talented rider and trains pointers. The Ruckers are based at Himbleton in Worcestershire and also have horses with a variety of point-to-point trainers, including Sheila Crow, who trained their Cappa Bleu to win the Christie’s Foxhunter Chase at the 2009 Cheltenham Festival. Horses that progress to run under Rules are sent to Evan Williams, who has been well supported by Angela’s family since he began training. Major winners for owner and trainer include State Of Play, who won the 2006 Hennessy Cognac Gold Cup at Newbury and the Charlie Hall Chase at Wetherby in November 2008, while becoming a John Smith’s Grand National star by finishing fourth to Mon Mome in the 2009
Wariner became dominant by running with uncanny precision - almost like a human metronome. A first 200 in the 21.0/21.2 range, was followed by a third 100 that crushed the competition. The final 100 was a matter of holding form and holding off any challengers. Something he did with ease from '04 to '07. Then last year Merritt learned how to control his speed to cruise the same first 200 and added new found strength to stay with Wariner in that third 100 - something no one else had been able to do during his reign on top! The final 100 found both men going toe to toe to the line in every race except the Olympic final - where Wariner uncharacteristically seemed to have nothing left. The Olympic final aside they were near mirror images of each other all season - with most of their races being decided by a few hundredths of a second.
As opening the heart is a gradual process your smile improves naturally and this makes smiling easier each time you practice with the heart. Some people have problems with smiling because they may be taking it all too seriously or are trying to force themselves to smile when instead they just need to allow themselves to relax and enjoy the experience to be able to smile freely.
Endless canals, bicycles and bridges.
The Harvard Classics, originally known as Dr. Eliot’s Five Foot Shelf, is a 51-volume anthology of classic works from world literature, compiled and edited by Harvard University president Charles W. Eliot that was first published in 1909.
Usually when the mother's life is at risk from an ongoing pregnancy, the baby is at a viable age and so can be saved simply by bringing forward the time of delivery. However on very rare occasions it may be necessary to terminate an early mid-trimester pregnancy (13-22 weeks) in an emergency in order to save the life of the mother.
Thanks to writing reviews for The X-Files, I have developed a sudden interest in the FBI. By what turned out to be an unfortunate stroke of luck, I happened upon Untraceable on cable and decided to give the cyber age FBI procedural film a view. It is not something I recommend.
So I have taken a stand and when visiting our house, Ophelia is John West and the will be no mention of shaving or pussies.
Anand Tech, Intel’s Ivy Bridge Architecture Exposed, here. Not sure how much I care about the integrated GPU for server side FinQuant apps unless the AVX2 is somehow related to the GPU.
Just crossed paths with our real estate agent while running errands in town. The listing agent will be delivering our keys at 2pm!
Years ago, I asked him about obtaining some cheap hay to be used in the chicken coop. He told me that one of his trailers where he stored hay had a leak and he was not going to sell the hay to his customers. He offered us the hay for FREE! Country Boy must have loaded 30+ bales of hay from the trailer for us to use over the next couple of years. What a blessing that was!
Use the fat in the pan to further seal the beef cubes. Lightly coat the beef cubes with some flour. Once the beef has been browned, remove and set aside.
Preheat the oven to 375F degrees and position 2 racks in the middle of the oven. Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper.
Part of the reason we moved was that we wanted a nice yard we would enjoy spending time in. When choosing the design of our house, we decided to include a large covered porch at the back of the house. The porch and backyard didn't look like much when we started this spring, but we spent much of our spare time working on creating a nice outdoor living space over the course of the summer.
Lesson 3: Do not wait for sundown before doing important transactions.
18E. BELGIAN DARK STRONG ALE
3. After the resurrection, does the “weakness” in any way remain? Or is it vanquished?
Vanilla Twine
You appear to be running Solaris 8. Press ENTER to install VxVM
A chance to live in this country where we have everything we need for the most part, and don't live in fear of our lives
The nice thing about this design, is that it is a card and gift card holder in one.
If this guy can refrain from body slamming things, and just stick to making pizzas... he will be the best super hero ever.
But more often it seems that a slow leak allows it to trickle out. If left unstopped that mother may soon find herself gazing around in dismay at her life all a-mess.
Now to find someone who will do the dishes for me…
Come on, show 'em what you're worth
Update: 5/17 9:25 p.m. (One month later…) Finally bottled. Final Gravity: 1.016 (1.015 @ 68 °F calibrated for 60 °F — refractometer indicates 8.9 Brix or 1.017 SG). The sample jar sample tasted good. Promising. Bottled and moved to storage in the cellar.
No…anyone who’s ever been in a relationship of any length knows better than to expect conflict-free perfection. (After all, unless you’re the only one loading the dishwasher, there’s no possible way it’s going to be done correctly every time.)
Ginger Honeycomb, Ice Grey 1 & 3, Soft Peach
they tell each other all of the things they’d do
Hotel J and Restaurant J are decorated in a modern marine style, deriving inspiration from American sailing paradise, Newport,RI
2 tbsp cinnamon
There was another phrase I heard today that hit home, oh so well. It went something like this:
“Well, are there any humans?” she wanted to know.
More details to be coming soon!
10. Wopbabalubop (Soul Assassins Remix)
As of lately, fantastic weather has graced our seaside town. Things aren’t just looking up outside, however: Our office has been booming with action. We have proudly closed nearly $110 million in sales since January, a new record for us. In fact, the southern Santa Barbara County real estate market is up 33% in sales compared with last year.
"No," said the tree.
Add the dry ingredients and beat at low speed until just combined, scraping down the bowl as needed. Dough will be a little sticky and that is ok. Divide dough into two sections. Flatten into rectangles about 1-1/2 inches thick, then wrap with plastic wrap or wax paper. Chill in the refrigerator overnight or for at least two hours.
malibu?
What's next:
I have often said, on this TV show as well as on others, that as far as I am concerned, freedom takes precedence over the implementation of the shari’a. There must be no restrictions on liberties.
Here's an overall photo of the Papercrafting Kit (been saving these vintage tissue butter wrappers for an early summer kit - you will LOVE these) . . .
The summer sun fell through the sky as Finnley and Jen kept the conversation going. Grayson and I said little. It was almost too much to do more than sit there, relishing his hold, his squeezes, his kisses on my forehead, my cheek, even my lips right in front of Jen and Finnley.
The Reading School Board on Monday formally introduced Purcell as the district’s newest superintendent, gathering the media and a handful of local officials for a press conference at the district administration building.
The e-book saves a lot of space and eliminates portability concerns. Privacy keeps curious eyes from wandering onto the book’s cover, where the title’s revelation may lead to false stereotypes.
Still, even when I get it wrong and stumble through life as a girls’ mom, I’ve learned to love pink and purple, rock the dress-up games, clap big at their ballet performances, and snuggle them close at least once a day to tell them how I think they’re so beautiful outside, but more importantly inside where it really counts.
Blend cake mix, pumpkin, eggs, oil and 1/3 cup water and beat for 2 minutes. Pour into cake pan (or 24 paper-lined muffin cups and fill 3/4 full. Bake at 350F (follow directions on back of spice cake mix box for minutes on a cake) If you do a cupcake it is 18-20 minutes or until toothpick is inserted in center comes out clean. Spread with commercial icing if you like.
Andrew is on the extreme right with a white t-shirt on-plugging in the guitars at the beginning ,
This sale is an estate sale and the price just keeps dropping. Birmingham is a very desirable city to live in. Housing in Michigan is down - on one site this home is listed at 225,000 and I found it on another listed at 200,000. Needs love, but is a MAJOR bargain. Just a few years ago it's value was at 500,000.
Christ delegated this authority to his priests much in the same way that any higher authority delegates its authority to its ambassadors and others who represent the higher authority.
Look at that thick layer of frosting! It was delicious though, and just enough for the amount of cake I had since they had no middle layer of frosting. While it was bordering on being saccharine sweet, the consistency was amazing- silky and thick.
Dawn, I've been wondering how Mimi is doing. Have you heard from her recently? (If you just answered this question, or it's right under my nose, accept my apologies.) - Bev
“After a long year of trying to sell self-epublished books, attempting to self-promote on all available networking sites, and realising that they have been in competition with hundreds of thousands of newcomers just like them, the vast majority of the newly self-epublished authors discover that they have sold less than 100 books each. They then discover that this was in fact the business model of Amazon and other epub platforms in the first place: a model called "the long tail". With five million new self-publishing authors selling 100 books each, Amazon has shifted 500m units. While each author – since they had to cut costs to 99p – has made only £99 after a year's work." Muggins!
September 24 – Under the Oaks 10K, St. Simons Island, GA 1:08:21
Strip-29" x 1"
Dicken's Christmas Carol Part 2
Anyway, I’m back and am glad to be amongst all of my wonderful bloggers again.
For her son, on her birthday.
The four principles of morality are four “legs” that hold up the “bull” of dharma. What is the bull itself? What are the principles actually supporting? Divine Love for the All-Attractive. Without divine love, all behavior – moral or not – is pretentious and ugly. When one focuses on cultivating divine love through krsna-sanga and krsna-kathā the four principles of morality automatically become firm, strong and whole.
the constant beeps of the phone, texts, reminders.
Malcolm’s ashes will be turning happily in his urn.
Josh and I had the opportunity to hang out with an incredible young family last Tuesday night and it really impacted me. It’s remarkable how much you can learn in a short amount of time as you watch a couple interact with one another, interact with their child(ren), and talk about marriage. They took precious time out if their schedule to serve us by making us dinner and sharing their home and lives with us for an evening. We talked about our families, our ministries, theology, and much more. They encouraged us that marriage and ministry do get easier – if only because you grow in unity as a couple and the Lord continues to refine you. Those three or four short hours had a long-term effect on my heart. I’m still thinking about our conversation and what they had to teach us about marriage, even a week later.
Group #11
I will praise You, O Lord, among the peoples;
Drawback: Only responds if interested. I hate that, but I could live with it.
Saying it is I, who calls,
In May of 1969, the Dead jammed with legendary conga player Mongo Santamaria. Also legendary was the lecture given to Bobby afterwards concerning his giggles upon hearing the name.
make your own kind of music even if nobody
I was lucky enough to take pictures of an adorable newborn over the weekend. I am still editing the photos but I can not wait to share them. He is absolutely precious.
Happy Burger! The Largest Menu in the Sierra!
States and in many other countries and this
Aftertaste (0-3): The roast just lingers and lingers, without at malt background to hang it on. 2 points
Despite the peaceful intentions of Take Back The Common, the Democratic Alliance party which runs the city of Cape Town and is led by former activist turned mayor Patricia De Lille, went into a frenzy. And even though they were given ample notification of the event, city officials refused authorisation. Ignoring the gathering regulations, which put the onus on state officials to consult the organisers of such events, mayoral representatives axed an arranged meeting because some of the community delegates were “15 to 30 minutes late’’. They also stated falsely that the march was illegal. De Lille went as far as suggesting that it was a prelude to a land invasion and promised that the “cowards” would be met with an officially authorised clampdown and arrested. This dissemination was accompanied by claims from wealthier citizens that the “criminal” protesters were planning to destroy the endangered fynbos contained in the common, a type of ecosystem unique to the Western Cape.
“Their two dads gave them each the grand sum of $500, and they opened Tiffany and Company with a capital of $1,000,” said John Loring, the company’s ad hoc historian and former design chief. “Its first day of sales were a magnificent $4.95!”
Poppy Stamps new "Grassland Border" (825)
See you, Dad! I’m sure that’s what she says. Every time I watch I’m even more certain. I pause the clip. Play. Pause. Play. Pause. I see her mouth form the shapes.
There have been very few bowlers who have dominated batsmen in their time and none have managed to match the extent of George Lohmann’s overpowering domination of the batsmen of his generation. His figures speak volumes of his bowling prowess but cricket is much more than just the statistics. He was purely a medium pacer but possessed the ability to seam the ball both ways. This ability, along with dangerous innovations and experimentations, made him the greatest bowler of his times and one of the greatest ever. He started slow, taking just 1 wicket at 87 in his first two Tests but never looked back after that, amassing 111 wickets in his next 16 games at 10.07, including four 8-wicket hauls and a world record 9/28.
For potato cake:
I have been so sick, and in bed basically all week....Coughing, sneezing, congested, runny nose, watery eyes, sore throat, no energy, no appetite, fever, coughing caused a lot of contractions (that I am still erring on the side of caution over - 25 weeks is WAY TOO EARLY), headache, achy, basically all around icky feeling!
Because it’s long gone now,
Of course we know that God punished Israel for its sins. This is the reason they suffered defeat. This is why they went into captivity. So are we to deduct that America is being used of God to punish nations? Now Israel is under another name America and is being used of God to punish other nations? Why else the great military? Why did Rome have the greatest military of its time? because it was favored by God? Then Egypt was favored also and so was Genghis Khan and Alexander the Great. If ruling over others by the means of deadly weapons than all the wicked nations of the ancient world were favored by God.
In vain I looked to find the promised turning
Here some pictures:
Me: “…as a historian…” By your logic, seeing as you graduated high school last year like I did, then I’m a political scientist that is an American diplomat to Germany. There is no point in not insulting you and “calling you names” at this point, because your stupidity allows it. It damn near begs for it.
There is at least another CBGB book of coffee table dimension which I skimmed at one of those chi chi megabook coffee shops a few years back. I didn't care for the thing since it was jam packed with the same old candid snaps we've seen for years on end with a few newies taken of up and coming amerindie types that weren't setting off any alarms in my issue-specified brain. Only the photo of Screamin' Jay Hawkins really caught my attention, though frankly if I was operating under the delusion that such an endeavor would have contained nothing but ne'er before seen photos of Kongress, Master Radio Canaries and their ilk I would have been fooling myself even more'n I usually tend to.
I'll stop for a minute and let that soak in. Also..... this pic below of a dining room table that seats 8. For a room that is only allowed to have 6 people in it. Because that makes sense.
Eric Voorhees is an active member of The Special Gathering who loves to serve others. Acquainted with hard work, he has been employed for many years at a nursing home. He is well respected by the residents there and by his employers. The Special Gathering is a ministry within the intellectually disabled community. Voorhees is a deacon and sings in our choir.
Have you read this "modern" retelling of Charlotte Bronte's Jane Eyre? If you have, I'd love to know what you thought of it.
by the truth.
A passing by off duty firefighter and neighbors assisted in getting all of the occupants out of both of the houses. Two of those occupants were transported to local area hospitals.
Finally, the last of our reviewed dogs is one that we arguably could have grouped under Kosher-style because it comes in a natural casing and probably adheres to the same standards. We’re talking about Boar’s Head Natural Casing, and we’ve saved it for last because it was in the top 3 of all our reviewers and overall scored the best on average of everything in our survey. Extremely firm, extremely well-spiced, somewhat greasy but not inappropriately, and even somewhat salty, still it worked and the snap that we all noticed when biting into it seemed to seal the deal. Likely this brand is available in most markets and while we went into this survey not having had it that often, that will probably change in the future. Simply having tasted it in comparison with all these other dogs we just finally noticed what a class operation Boar’s Head really is.
The Save Power Kit can:
Below are 4 Lobby Cards from "Castle on the Hudson" 1940 which was a remake of "20,000 Years in Sing Sing" which starred Spencer Tracy and Bette Davis. These are on that weird "linen" paper that WB sometimes used.
The left wing media in Norway seem to find these cases of blatant racism rather inconvenient. It’s apparently more fun to write about Norwegian ‘racists’ rather than stories about Mohammed the racist.
What if Norman Siegel's criticisms of Public Advocate Betsy Gotbaum's equivocations on eminent domain had made it into the press? What if Gotbaum followed through on her opposition to the use of eminent domain?
I think I’ve been to enough boring seminars to understand how he feels, but the theme of both these poems is that studying the stars or applying science to them somehow robs them of their wonder. I think many non-scientists probably go along with this view: it’s beautiful to gaze at the sky but reducing it to measurements and graphs somehow ruins it.
He's the type of person who knows his short comings, and he never lets them stop him. He is there every Tuesday before school for the chorus club, teaches chorus and the recorder to the third through fifth grades. What I loved most is I got to hear him play the piano for the kids during the concert. (Their last teacher just played a CD it's music class for crying out loud. I want to hear a live instrument!)
Getting to wear boots again! - Let's put it this way... as much as I looooove summer, it's often most important to stay cool and fashionable comes second. In the fall time it's so much easier to look cute! And really.. skinnies, a chunky sweater and some UGGs are way more comfy.
Snake magic is heavy magic.
It's fun to completely slam a book. It's like when you're in Junior High, and you come up with a really creative and dregrading nickname for a hated classmate, and your friends all give you high fives. It's fun to think up snarky and clever jabs that articulately describe why a particular character, or scene, or subplot, or spot of dialog totally blows. Some reviews are so scathing that you can literally see the reviewer body slamming the book - in a witty and detached way, of course. Body slam reviews have two goals: they warn readers about a bad book, and (perhaps more importantly), they make the reviewer look smart.
and on various sites elsewhere on the Internet with some minor variation on folding methods and sequences.
Me: Okay (turning it down one notch).
Reasons:
Flowers and lace: Wild Orchid Crafts
The victim - believed to be a company driver - died a few 100 metres from his place of work in Cleveland, east of the city centre.
And spit their lies
tea and a very buttery crumpet. It will make you laugh and laugh. Your heart will be happy!
There is a push on by the TTC to keep the riders informed, most notably with delays. Making train and station announcements about delays and stoppage (which then require shuttle buses). And that’s great. Where this fails is in letting people get into a station while a delay is happening. There are many times that people have paid with a token, gotten down to track level only to find the platform filled (usually a bad sign at a station like Chester). Heading back up to leave and use a different method of transport, walking, Cab, whatever. They try to get a refund and nothing. If there was a sign or light that could indicate that a delay or stoppage was in place before people have committed to the TTC. This might seem like the TTC will lose out on those extra few fares, but in the long run customers will appreciate the frankness. They will not mistrust the TTC.
In today’s post, I’ll look at the Titania/Bottom side of things, the lost Athenians in my next.
Also, you have a chance to submit your own work for a chance to win another $25 IO gift certificate. Shirley posted all the contest information on the Impression Obsession blog. Good luck!
Underneath that burning sun
The granddaughter was
I was conjuring up visions of gorgeous and shiny epoxied boards blending seamlessly amongst the decor like so...
The question is how the aging Baby Boomers will accept the changes to legislation that eases them out of their big empty nests. I imagine with a big ‘no fucking way’ at the ballot box; which means we can probably chalk up the future to more of this kind of ‘nailing granny to the floor’ thing. It’s the new way of sharing the wealth around across generations.
It's a pretty interesting thought, and one that had never crossed my mind.
There’s nothing wrong with that model, but it’s no longer the primary form in which nondual encounters happen. Nondual encounters happen on Facebook with an ad for Groupon instead of a vase of flowers, and with a pop-up saying that someone poked you instead of a portrait of Papaji. They happen on the phone, on Skype video, on conference calls, and through other technologies. They happen at Starbucks.
I threw my robe on and tore out of the bathroom to find my seventeen year old son standing in the kitchen with his hand covered in blood. Seems he'd been riding a bike when a screw came loose and the front wheel folded up underneath him, catapulting him over the handlebars and landing him in the parking lot where he went skidding across the asphalt. As I tried to clean up all the blood in order to get a look at the (many) wounds all over his hand and fingers, he showed me where his forearm had also taken a beating. I gasped and was turning my attention to the new wound when he said, "I hit my chin, too."
And I struggle.
The whole concept of ulam (something to go with rice) is foreign to Westerners. Filipinos assume that other cultures will have some equivalent food. They will ask if bread is like rice for Americans. It’s not. Neither are potatoes. If anything, meat might be the closest (well, for non-vegetarians). In the USA, when we ask “What’s for dinner?” the answer usually names the meat (i.e. main dish). But there is simply no one food that we eat every day, every meal, and without which we feel cheated.
"Two eyes... a thousand expressions
If you had told me a year ago that my body would ever be capable of this...I would have had a really long laugh. A year ago I was just barely undertaking C25K...and was able to jog for a big whopping 60 straight seconds. Period. And it slayed me.
Not only this, but the first-century fragment is from Mark’s Gospel. Before the discovery of this fragment, the oldest manuscript that had Mark in it was P45, from the early third century (c. AD 200–250). This new fragment would predate that by 100 to 150 years.
If convened, the ethics commission would be charged with formulating a code of ethics within three months of its first meeting. The code of ethics would then be brought before the city council for consideration and possible approval.
Protein (2.5): 2.5
1/2 egg white
I think it’s fairly well-established by this point that I’m petty and shallow. Perhaps not all the time, but I definitely have my moments.
a wasted power,
And now onto the cheesecake - I've changed the recipe quite a bit, so will be listing the ingredients and method in a bit more detail than I normally do for the Weekly Bake Off posts.
In the absence of such explosive materials, Iraq insurgents would have been forced to produce home-made explosives to build such devices, which would have drastically reduced their ability to wage their irregular campaign. Those involved in our looming conflict will operate under precisely these sorts of restraints. Though military, industrial, or commercial connections may allow those on the British side to acquire a certain quantity of commercial or military explosives, steady supplies of such material can hardly be relied upon. Accordingly, the amount and type of explosives available to each side will be a function of the following: a) their degree of access to relevant chemical precursors, and b) their technical proficiency in producing the required explosive substances and detonating them. Let us consider each in turn.
Oh, and don't let's forget... The-Last-Turkey-Recipe-You-Will-Ever-Need.
Beautifully paced both in plot and development, Kirby keeps readers engaged and unable to put the book down from the start. Giving big reveals at perfect moments, and shifting moods on a dime from fun to rough, Kirby’s talents shine yet again with this book. Unafraid to cast her characters in a harsh light from time to time, yet always redeeming them and making them stronger because of it, Kirby keeps this one as internally focused as it is external, creating the perfect blend between the two.
'This too shall pass,' are the cruelest words in the English language, Petra Harrison thinks as she waits for the plane to take off.
I did a quick wash on these with the blue paint. Just dab the tip of your brush into the water and start spreading the paint. I wanted some of the wood to show through.
I sat there, cross-legged in my pajamas, scanning the shadows beneath snow-laden branches of evergreen trees that bordered the fields across the road from our house, searching for signs of life.
I hope this email finds you well. On June 23, I sent you the below email. I know you are busy, and I hope that you will be able to take a few seconds to reply whether you would consider reviewing this book. We're excited to send you a copy, but we just want to make sure you'll at least consider reviewing it.
Bye for now, x
The first gun I ever remember shooting was Pappy's (my grandfather was always known as Pappy) Winchester 61. The 61 was a terrific little pump-action .22 with an octagon barrel that showed some wear, but with a cheap box of .22s, it would keep us kids entertained all afternoon behind the barn or in the woods. There are pictures of me at around age five shooting that gun, but as fate would intervene, it ended up being passed on to my uncle, then to a cousin.
Got any burning questions you're dying to ask us? Or maybe you have some terrifying dares you want to torture us with. Feel free to submit as many as you want by going HERE. And come back next week to see Ellen Oh take on a truth or dare.
An actor picks up a knife, with intent to kill. The perspective that the character provides us with makes the act of picking up a knife feel real to us, and we can identify with his world by seeing through his eyes. The character is dynamic, the knife relatively passive, and yet it is also as if, in some sense, the knife transforms the actor, and a change comes over him.
Our mentality is that we want everything done fast. Sometimes, we wait through telephone prompts, just trying to talk to service representatives. Often we, or maybe it's just me, hang up because we get tired of all the waiting.
From the 1976 album Joan Armatrading, "Love and Affection" is her only song to hit the American Top Ten. To me, this song is not dated at all (except maybe for the sax solo...). It's pure truth and poetry. If you click on the video and listen at YouTube, the lyrics are printed below. Brilliant young Joan, the seventies! What an incredible video this is.
At the weekend I was lucky enough to receive another present bomb, this time from Raveller LaurelAW. She sent me three lovely pieces of felt- I'm especially excited about the leopard skin pattern and the brown piece at the back of the photo is textured, so I think both of those will make great felties.
A funny thing happened while I was working--I got frustrated with the page itself. Nothing went the way I wanted it to. It was an exercise in frustration about frustration. Now that I've stepped back from the page for a few hours, I find that I don't hate it. But I gotta tell you, when my timer sounded I really wanted to scream.
it's given me the opportunity to meet like minded friends. We get
Shankar became really worried — they were obviously hiding something, but what? Was there something other than lion? Anyway, Shankar decided to light a fire in front of the station from that evening. He also started to shut the door before the sun set. This didn’t mean he’d go to bed at sunset. He would stay up till late to write his journal, or read. Some nights he would just stare outside — into the darkness, sometimes he would listen to the wind howling through a distant tree, sometime he would listen to the jackals, or lions.
Kid Mensa: ”Oh, sorry, Papa.”
* Electric Guitars
“There are a lot of companies that are involved that we need to look into and their finances and how those finances come in and get out and what those finances are used for,” Polela said then.
Do you know what that means? Why it’s time for the Stet that Run’s Virtual 12athon silly. What? Did you think I already did that last month? I’m going to level with you… today, I wish I already had it over and done with lol.
"Anew"
Has anyone tried these before and have similar recipes?
I have read a bunch of books on the paranormal over my lifetime and expect to read many more. I plan to do more book reviews in the future but I wanted to break the ice with something great, a book that was top shelf , so to speak. With that in mind, I was compelled to choose these two wonderful books by a fellow blogger and new friend, Randall Keller. Voices From Forever is about one man’s journey into electronic voice phenomena. Not since I read Sarah Estep’s Voices Of Eternity several years ago, have I been so inspired by one person’s quest into the unknown dynamics of the voices. Randall Keller is open, honest and very real in his experience and wisdom concerning E.V.P. When you pick this book up you will not want to put it down until you’ve read the last page…and then you’ll wish it hadn’t ended.
While we were out looking, we found a lot of discouraging properties. Homes with damaged roofs and siding, homes with super scary basements (un-finished and un-fit to live in), homes without garages, homes without backyards and homes that felt like a fun house as you were walking through.
The quiet achiever in the group
6. Place the cutout cupcake top, and press down a bit. *If desired, before adding cupcake top, sprinkle cutout top with powdered sugar.
421500 Metal & mineral (except petroleum)
In Google Chrome it is found by clicking on the little wrench on the top right corner of your browser, then clicking on "History" then clicking on "Edit". This will remove all browser history and cookies contained in the Cache.
just you and nobody else but you
I'll start by saying: it's really hard to gather up all your thoughts on a subject like this and lay them out in a satisfactory way. Having a conversation, a discussion, an argument on it is another thing entirely. That's easy - your opponent or partner in discussion provides you with a jumping-off point within a vast subject, allowing you to focus yourself through that and, if necessary, branch off into other areas. But trying to cover the entire thing in one go, with no predetermined starting place - that would be a 50 page research essay that I don't feel like writing. So at the very best, this is an incredibly fragmented and small part of my opinions.
Mind you, whilst the cake was in the oven, Nick went to Tesco and there was a huge mountain of the same kits, now reduced to £3. Sod’s law, as always !!
With a wave of his hand to the assembled newspapermen, photographers, and news-reel cameramen at the edge of the field, Pat climbed into the gondola and drew the short ladder up after him. A kick of his foot threw over the lever that closed the heavy sliding door, sealing him in the hollow sphere. Casting a quick glance through one of the observation windows, to make sure that Professor Anthony and the two workmen had got clear, he stepped to the tiny table built against the wall, and, with a hand that trembled slightly, pressed the key of an electric switch box, touching off the detonation caps that were to cut loose all of the ground moorings at once, thus allowing the balloon to rise evenly into the air.
Since I spend a lot of time doing customer quilts, it's nice to do something that's mine. It's also where I get the practice for things I want to move on with in the quilting world.
But Harman was one of the principal forces in the Labour government behind the promotion of lone parenthood and the marginalisation of fathers. If anyone should be blamed for bringing about the conditions which have led to these appalling scenes in our cities, it is surely Ms Harman.
And back into the car. Breaking up the trip with stops in Arizona really made driving 25 hours seem tolerable. On the way home our stop was at Uncle John's house. He's a pretty cool dude. What kid doesn't like an uncle who has a pool and a 3D TV complete with stadium seating?
of fairyland my works
What is your Holiday Spirit? Their seems to be great diversity in this Holiday Season that is common this time of year. Some are anxious, excited, and cheerful. Others are discouraged, depressed, and pessimistic. For some people the Holidays are filled with happy moments shared with family and friends. While other dread the upcoming days because of they people the share these moments with.
And every day brings the distinctive clomp-clomp-clomp of skiiers trudging the hallways in their ski boots.
I've given up the theatre temporarily due to reasons of no money but a friend persuaded me to go and I recklessly said yes before realising the tickets were £18. This is quite steep for fringe theatre, even though they've finally got their central heating up and running (before it was like watching a play in a freezer.)
Snap decision. I am going to tell you about my meals. For breakfast, I had some Mini Shredded Wheat. These are essentially like little parcels of thin string, fashioned into what looks like a cushion. You pour milk on them, and you eat them. Habits like this, which we Brits have, are presumably what make foreigners think we are weird. While they are buttering croissants and drinking posh coffee, or spreading maple syrup on a fresh waffle, we are eating parcels of string, and still calling ourselves civilised.
The other half is Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts,who appear to be nothing more than two middle-aged people with difficult lives. Hell, they don’t even try to appear to be good-looking. And somehow, they do the most ordinary and also some absurd things in so convincing and endearing a way that you find yourself reluctant to be analytical. The high point of the movie, in my opinion, is the scene where Tom Hanks in full punk gear (complete with haircut, leather and chain) carries a drunk Julia Roberts home on, of all things, a blue scooter.
During a trip to New Zealand a few years ago, my husband had ordered mussels in garlic butter sauce in a seaside town. The mussels were fresh and the garlic butter sauce was delicious. Since that day I have wanted to re-create the butter sauce. I finally did it. Since I am not a big fan of mussels I tried it with shrimp. I based my recipe on this one with a few modifications of my own to re-create the taste that lingered in my memory.
The last 2 minutes were tight, but everything seemed to go our way, as our BIG THREE were all working like a well-oiled machine, and Timmy continued his dominance. Almost all our shots fell, and we got the stops we needed. Manu hit all 6 final-minute FTs in Memphis's foul-mode to clinch the 4-0 SWEEP of the Grizzlies with the 107-97 WIN. Here is the boxscore.
This is Greta Kendall’s last chance to save her home. She’s been fighting for two years against a woman – Stephanie Harwood – who will do anything it takes to evict Greta and bulldoze her beautiful house. With time running out and her mother running her ragged, Greta’s at her wit’s end to save her home and her business before it’s too late. Which will be the victor – her Queen Anne Victorian or the new shopping mall? Only time will tell.
Ashley: Well apparently NOTHING is microwaveable these days!
woman he loves”
1 cup fresh bread crumbs
Which raised the question of what could possibly need such a tough door. Was it keeping something out, or in? Never mind how they were going to get inside. Rissad clearly hadn't been in there before, so there was no way he could make a Gateway there. Unless he had another new trick like the one he'd used to get out of the concrete.
but I’m trying to make an example out of the rap game
No Sentiment yet cause it goes to a Hospital
Showcase, continuing to prove that Canadian television rocks, is about to premiere a new series, Continuum, on May 27th.
or designers, or just they are dickheads that just want to make some noise in Second Life society.
Now Amy must race to unlock Godspeed's hidden secrets. But out of her list of murder suspects, there's only one who matters: Elder, the future leader of the ship and the love she could never have seen coming.
It’s not just the fact that it’s medically unnecessary that’s bothersome. Quite frankly as the child grows into an adult, his or her sexual experience is lessened. I don’t feel I need to address FGM here because that’s pretty obvious, so let’s address MGM. Medicalized circumcision as we know it removes the foreskin, which is the single MOST SENSITIVE part of the male sex organ, containing a band of over 20,000 nerve endings and a highly sensitive frenulum attaching it to to the rest of the penis. As such, intact men are about FOUR TIMES more sensitive than cut men. That translates to a lot of pleasure and sensation lost during sexual acts. I can attest to the difference myself. I spent close to three years using different devices and methods to sort of “regrow” a foreskin so to speak, in a process called non-surgical foreskin restoration. You can read more about the process here. Of course, the new skin doesn’t have all those sensitive nerve endings, but the good news is you get that gliding action back and the glans (head) stays covered, making it shiny, supple, and more sensitive in its own right. Post-restoration, I have about triple the amount of sensitivity that I did before.
I've been racking my brain over what I should post about. Shall I do a follow up on the post I did about critiques? I've been neglecting The Bookette's British Book Challenge despite having read: Stoneheart by Charlie Fletcher, The Demon Collector by Jon Mayhew and Firebrand by Gillian Phillip, but I'm not in the mood to write a book review (sorry) and besides the whole Greek Seaman affair has had me rethinking my book review format. At the moment I seem to be spending all my time thinking about my WIP, which is also woefully neglected and my balcony.
In this 3 minute video Terry Moore discusses how to tie shoes the correct way. I’ve been tying my shoes for most of my life and hadn’t realized that there was actually a right and wrong way to tie shoes. It turns out that there is a best way to do this, and most people are close to getting it right but one wrong move has them tying a knot that is weak at best. This is a major cause of shoes randomly becoming untied throughout the day.
In P.E. class when I was in school, we did things like play floor hockey or softball. We did not practice for the activities on the PFT. How were we supposed to get better at the test activities if we never trained for them? Did standing around holding a hockey stick give us any hope of getting better at doing pull-ups? They would check our "progress" twice a year, as if a few months playing in gym glass twice a week for 30 minutes should be enough to magically increase our scores on the specific test criteria. And then they were shocked when some of us hadn't "progressed."
Our summer holidays in France often involved buying the odd rotisserie chicken for supper. Most rotisserie sellers offer 'sauce' with their chickens or meats. This 'sauce' is basically onions and peppers cooking slowly at the bottom of the rotisserie in the fat that drips from the cooking meats. Incredibly tasty. My version was cooked in olive oil in a saucepan directly over the coals.
Betrayed by a false lover, cat shifter priestess Onfalia Mau lost her lioness soul and freedom to her lover’s treachery and Sekhmet’s wrath. Now, after three thousand years, Donkar has returned with one thing in mind: to steal the goddess’s scepter. Onfalia knows that to do so means to unleash Sekhmet’s unholy, bloody Slaughter on the world and she’ll stop at nothing to foil Donkar’s plans.
Bittersweet memories
Cultivators
Anyway, while watching her, it occurred to me that:
I'm going to write.
I am entering my card into these challenges as well:
I plant them every year in early November so they will bloom over Christmas. I love the extra added something that fresh flowers give and their crisp whiteness adds so much to all my other decorations.
Someone else who shares my down-to-earth design philosophy is Ms Rhea White. She is the kind of woman I love: practical; innovative, creative, funny, and fond of a decorating bargain. She is a woman who can make a flea-sale find look like an antique from a Sotheby's auction.
2. Stir the batter and divide among the mini-muffin cups. Bake until puffed and golden, 20 to 25 minutes.
I have always wondered about the relationship of travel with reading and writing. Is it necessary that you need to be a good traveller to be able to write well or maybe get time for reading? If you like to read different books then definitely you get to know about different places and cultures and the desire to go and visit those places also becomes stronger. Perhaps that is one of the reasons that people end up traveling more when they are fond of reading or at least they wish to travel more. Typically, for an avid reader books are always a companion when they are traveling.
The other thing you don't come to me for is parenting advice and why would you? You are all already perfect parents. So I know you will all share my aghastness at the mother who had her second grader in high heels at this concert. I am going to give her a pass on having a kid out that late on a school night. Special occasions can happen. But I can't see any reason ever to have a second grader wearing high heels. I'm 48 and I avoid them as much as possible. Not so much because I don't like how they look but because they hurt.
” That won’t be possible.This is what we needed to talk about.”
Stay close to the newswires: if this assertion from sources gets further substantiation, it will be more than a game-changer: it will be the final whistle.
Here is the second Challenge from the Let's Scrap website.
Preparation time:
Barnabas is woken 200 years after being condemned to a coffin, once he realizes it’s 1972, he goes to Collinwood, to find his family struggling to keep their fish business afloat.
because being a mom.
Getting this straight will save me from both pain and irresponsibility.
The next night was our turn.
Hail to the Father of Harpokrates, Silent Child Lotus-Borne–Rejoice! You are praised!
In 1976 the original line up of Harpers Bizarre reunited for one last album, this time without co-lead singer/songwriter Ted Templeman. I'm guessing Templeman was busy with his other projects, as he had become a successful staff producer at Warner Bros. Records in the 70s and was producing acts like the Doobie Brothers, Van Morisson and Van Halen. You'd think with the absence of Templeman and their original producer Lenny Waronker, who was very instrumental in shaping their sound, that this album would be a bit of a dud. But you'd be wrong.
When taken for further screening, TSA officials discovered seven exotic snakes and three tortoises held in nylon bags that were concealed inside the man’s pants. The man was arrested and charged with violating the Lacey Act, which deals with imports of exotic animals. He faces a maximum of five years in jail.
I had heard about Mary Jane's magazine a few years back when I bought a copy while at my local Barnes and Nobles. I loved it right then and there and I subscribed about a year ago. I have been wanting to take it to the next level by becoming a Farm Girl Sister but just had not gotten around to it.
When searching for an editor, you should be aware that there are three levels of editing--developmental editing, copyediting and proofreading. Some editors will work in all three areas; some editors specialize in only one of them.
p.s. Will the 3 winners please send me over your names and email addresses to pass on to Erica please? Thanks!
So, without further ado, drum roll please for the winners!
Which meant that I had traveled from "safe from making a silly purchase" territory, into "highly likely to make a silly purchase" territory. In order to avoid a binge like this one, I'm allowing myself to order only ONE of these shirts right now.
I was half-way through an early draft of DK when I came across the Da Vinci Code. I thought that the Templar thing would have come and gone before I hit the shelves. But it kept on going. I was worried about the glut of Templar books, to be honest.
Total time commitment: 10 minutes
We did not go for a walk on the first day of the year.
Q: How many Tourism secretaries does it take to change a light bulb?
I’ll post the walkthrough of the house soon. Mike took pictures during the inspection which shows the house prior to the improvements we’ve made. Soon, I will describe the renovations that have taken place over the course of the past year and kick around some ideas that I have of things to come.
in living every day”
All this occurs to me as I ponder the fate of the planet on Earth Day, 42 years in. I’m the first to admit I am no eco-saint; I compost kitchen waste, sort and recycle most of the rest of my discards, and own a fuel-efficient car, but I still buy packaged food and I still drive. I believe in the ideal of zero waste but I still drive a fossil-fuel-burning car. Does this make me a hypocrite?
Shikes' beer was tapped May 16 at Old Chicago in Denver, timed to coincide with American Craft Beer Week.
The rat said, “The cat always chases. So I’m not in peace of mind.”
Well, I had a lot of wonderful lazy time, sitting in the sun, and tatting.
In my previous post, I set free a half-dozen or so psychologically abused, frustratingly passive women I had authored. Just as I tapped out the final words, the question of should-I-rewrite-them arrived unbidden.
At the insistence of Lord Dalhousie, the transfer of the Koh-i-Noor’s ownership to the British rulers was included in the Treaty of Lahore. Dalhousie’s initiative wasn’t met with universal approval – there were those that felt it should have been a gift, and there were those that felt that a cursed stone shouldn’t have been given to their queen at all. But to Dalhousie, it was part of the spoils of war – just as it had been for centuries. The new Maharaja, Duleep Singh, presented it to Queen Victoria in 1850. The stone became a centerpiece of the Great Exhibition in London in 1851.
Lawmakers missed a self-imposed deadline of producing a deficit-reduction deal by the time Asian markets opened on Sunday, but planned to outline a proposal Monday. A deficit deal is needed to permit a vote to increase the $14.3 trillion U.S. debt ceiling by August 2.
1/2 onion finely diced
14. . . buy my husband a monkey and then give it away when I get jealous & think he loves it more than me.
Today, African-Americans abound in the mass media as anchors, reporters, entertainers and models, despite the virtual end of affirmative action policies mandating ethnic group representation.
Here is the look:
See? Lots of very short sentences, but a a longer one - 'There's the lake...' - to break up the staccato rhythm. The longer one is still sequential and follows the train of thought.
1. Heat the olive oil over medium heat in a dutch oven or large pot.
Joshua 10
a sprinkle of powdered ginger
The pleasure is when you look at a dust streaked face in the mirror after a 500 km side and don’t want to wash up.
love makes us smarter
something was not right.
Welcome back! We are so happy to see smiling faces each and every week! This week, we have another fantastic challenge for you, so let's get down to business! Our winner for last week's Stitchy Bear prize is:
I hope to update you all with results of my full body bone scan I am having today. I get to be radioactive for a while! That'll let my light shine! ;) As for now, I am working through side effects of my new medicine. Hanging in there...
This autumn see's the arrival of a collection that compliments all shapes and figures. Popular to the fuller, more curvy female figure, dresses are nipped in at the top of waists to draw attention to the slimmest area on the body, and then allowed to freely flow out underneath into a structured a line shape, conveniently hiding that festive belly. Horray we can all enjoy a glass of mulled wine (or few) without worry!
cleansing! Dost Thou see any fault in us? — oh we know that Thou dost
So I went to Comic Con this year.
Cottage Wall Designer Series Paper (retired)
Rhys: "Daddy potty."
Got picked up at my house by R, late. Which is ok, more primping time. R complains of horrific traffic. Probably will be late for our dinner booking. That's ok, too. Proceed to drive at a glacial pace due to horrific traffic. Much swearing and rage ensues from R. We decide to take an alternative route to dodge the traffic for an extra...500 metres? All is swell until we crash.
and check out all the lovely, new goodies...
Promoting one book while writing another sounds like one of the silly games on British radio's "I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue." And I certainly don't recommend it, but Stravaganza: City of Swords got handed in on time at the end of July and will be out next year.
Now, for beings that exist in four dimensions, that’s a pretty bloody stupid idea. What are they going to do when time is over, just sit there in a game of perpetual musical statues?
Even though Stalin and the party had successfully exploited Russia nationalism during the Great Fatherland War (1941-1945) in order to save the Soviet regime and then deployed it against Jewish cultural figures and doctors in a wave of vicious anti-Semitism, before he died in 1953, the imperatives of holding a vast multinational empire together required the re-assertion of Soviet internationalism at the expense of Russian national identity. It was one thing to encourage Russian nationalism with the Germans closing in on Stalingrad, it was quite another to encourage the same for too long after 1945, with the start of the Cold War. The reasons are clear enough: if the Russians can promote their national identity, then so can Ukrainians, Volga Germans, Kazakhs, Jews and Chechens. In fact this was already happening. It is not widely known in the West that various mixtures of Ukrainian, Lithuanian and Belorussian separatists and nationalist groups waged an insurgency against the Red Army and the internal security troops of the NKVD (the precursor of the KGB) which only came to end in the 1950s. Again, it was expedient to use nationalism against the occupying Germans but it came with obvious dangers for the stability of the Soviet empire.
YUK !! What horrible weather to welcome me back to the UK - gale force winds and yukky rain......... think I'm gonna hop back on the plane !!!!
Whadda ya know?
“No matter how good a job the MCI superintendent does, he or she is only one person, and it is simply unrealistic to expect one person to perform in-depth reviews of hundreds of these cases each year,” Kelly told legislators.
Unlike the scene 34 years ago when Jimmy and I cried and clung to our parents...HATING the idea of being stripped away from the comforts of our Moms & home!!
Since then I’ve taken numerous cemetery tours. Some of the best: in New Orleans, the tour of St. Louis Cemetery Number 1, where voodoo queen Marie Laveau’s tomb is located, and the tour of Lafayette Cemetery Number 1, across the street from Commander’s Palace, where you can see the real tomb that figures largely in Anne Rice’s fictional Mayfair Witches series. During the Lafayette Cemetery tour, I also got to witness an authentic New Orleans jazz funeral, which defies description and is something everyone should see at least once. Then there was the tour in Charleston, SC, which I took with several friends. One stop was at my favorite Charleston church, known as the Circular Church. While the guide was speaking, we heard some strange noises, and suddenly a couple of my friends shrieked that they had just seen a shadow darting across the graveyard and disappearing. The guide was intrigued, as the apparition of a lady in red has been seen in that same area, but of course I didn’t see a thing.
I love the contrast of the bold black and white duct tape and washi tape with the bright coloured papers.
My hexie is going along slowly, but I knew that would be a long project perfect for every now and then. I've had to unpick the stripy red hexies as it turned out I didn't have enough fabric. Must remind myself to check supplies first next time. Mind you it gave me the ideal excuse to pick up a few more bits for my stash while I was out mooching.
Tiombe Veronica
A Picture of Peace
Gingelly oil (sesame oil)- 1 cup
her job as a teacher in a disadvantaged school, and has just moved in with her gorgeous actor boyfriend, Daniel. The only clouds on her horizon are a headmaster with a passion for new-age team-building and a stack of envelopes that she refuses to open but can’t quite bring herself to throw out.
Wednesday 5/16 - Founders specialty keg release at the Foundry. We're going to have 2011 Kentucky Bourbon Stout, Double Trouble, Backwoods Bastard, and Breakfast stout. Super special kegs, you don't want to miss these beers.
Vengeful hmm? no, you're the one who continues to abuse writers and artists. You're the one who has breached copyright laws ... unprofessional.
Ladies, we all know what takes so long. Several products are needed to action a proper cleansing shower. You need a good quality face wash,(mine's Chanel and Mr LC steals it) then comes shampoo and conditioer. I have long, thick hair and it takes a while to even get my head wet enough for the shampoo. Okay, that's three products and then of course your body wash makes number four. I didn't even shave! I didn't even pumice my heels! And how about moisturizing afterwards?
Protect chairs, love-seats, window seats, recliners, wing seats or any design. Fitted slip covers feature memory-stretch fabric and all-around elastic for a neat, adaptable fit that won't slip off or bunch. You can put them on your furniture and forget about them until laundry day!
I'll have several things ready WAY ahead of time this year due to the hop, and that's a good feeling! Now let's continue to Betty's Kitty Stamp blog where she has Easter all wrapped up (bunnies too!) . Such a pretty cross she made!
Then the other lady reached out with that stick she walks with and stuck it behind my head. The stick was just long enough. I swam and she pulled and Mom cheered me on, and pretty soon Mom got ahold of me.
To the families who have been affected by the loss of their loved one(s) due to 9/11 or the Iraqi war:
Becauseicouldntsee
For myself, I may never completely determine if what I saw was truly “real”. This is acceptable to me now, as I realize how deep and strange this other dimension is. I can, however, take my basic assumption of Mother Ayahuasca’s reality and that of the gift she gave me, on into my life in the same manner that other shamans take the information from their vision experiences into their lives and communities. We can use that information, and also assess it over time. This, too, is an important ontological test of the visions.
Don’t ask me why these hygiene things are so important to me, but they are. It could be vanity, or it could be that even though my RE, and 3 other people in the surgery are looking at my vagina in a medical way, I don’t want him/them to think of me as some dirty person that shows up in sweatpants, all unwashed and troll like. In fact retrieval or transfer day is the only day I’m not fully “done up” when I go there. But that’s probably another post for another day.
What changes for my family is the insertion of that guy into their happy unschooling rhythm. I become the random moment at which they must interrupt their flow and take care of MY needs.
“Proxima Centauri”
After tasting the cake, it was time to discuss the design! We paged through Nomeda's HUGE book of previous cakes; there were so many lovely cakes that she has made in the past! At that point, I pulled out my design inspiration picture, along with my cake topper:
Ok, enough... I will get on with it. Annie made all the stuff for Parker's birthday and it all was awesome.
Follow @Harlequinteen for more updates!
It’s easy to tell when something is written poorly. When revising our own work, a preposition out of place, a misspelled word, or a string of repetitive sentences can stand out to us like a glowing red stop sign, making it easy to slip into that “What was I thinking—my writing is HORRIBLE!” mindset. The stronger writing is often overlooked, left unacknowledged.
We live in a typical Florida subdivision. By this I mean that we live with rows of houses built way to close because that makes them less vulnerable in hurricanes. And we belong to an HOA, which means we pay money to have total strangers tell us that our garbage cans were left out too long or we have weeds in our cracks. For that kind if information, you'd think they'd at least take us to dinner first, but whatever.
Long O CVCe Game with Recording Sheet
Lots of black and whites and repetitions of the greys that are everywhere this autumn and winter. But also with cute pastel pinks, blues and yellows thrown in. Don't think Luella's gone soft on us though, her london punk edge is still there, and with her mod style plastic macs its apparent that the sixties will be back come 2007.
Rel's cheeks burned. Laughing, Dora skipped away down the brow towards the grey sprawl of Vessit. Skipped, when she hadn't skipped since being Gifted her Four Knot almost ten years ago. Unable to help himself, Rel met Taslin's eyes. Her mirth faded like the pantomime it was, replaced by the kind of blank expression a Wilder should have.
It’s amazing the number of humans who don’t understand the elementary concept of retribution. The principle is set out very clearly in your holy books. If people circulate malicious pamphlets about you, your response should be to circulate equally malicious pamphlets about them. There was plenty of mud that Ronald could have thrown at that incongruous pair of upstarts. He might have made the point that they were uncommonly ugly and very slovenly in their dress. And why had a man and woman who spent so much time together not mated and produced offspring? It seemed very suspicious to me. Did the man have erectile dysfunction? Did the woman suffer from vaginismus? The facts are unclear, but there would have been no harm in drawing attention to these possibilities in a crisply worded prospectus. Once a million of these had been circulated and read, I’m sure that everyone would have forgotten about the scurrilous charge of poisoning the customers.
Well I guess I should go ahead and tell you now
NOTE: ALL INGREDIENTS AND METHODS ARE SUBJECT TO PERSONAL CHOICE.
You know that comfy feeling you get when you slip on a pair of brand new socks? I love that feeling and that is why I can never have enough pairs of socks. Not to mention the fact that it seems like every time I turn around one of my matching socks gets lost in the laundry. That is why I am contstantly purchasing socks. Not only socks for myself, but for my husband and three boys too!
· Dean Martin
I'm including that section here to share with other childcare collectives and event organizers who might be interested.
I actually went looking for Denis Avey's The Man Who Broke Into Auschwitz in The Works last week, but came up empty-handed. It doesn't take long for me to rectify the situation with a little mouse-clicking if the need arises... I also bought John Elder Robison's Look Me in the Eye: My Life with Asperger's. My copy is actually bright blue, more fun, and lot less creepy than this edition, but I couldn't find an image big enough! Anyway, it's a very well-respected autobiography and is apparently one of the influences behind Jim Parsons' portrayal of Sheldon Cooper in The Big Bang Theory. Works for me!
I haven’t been able to write much about the hospital experience. I will say that it was very accurately portrayed in Melanie’s photos. Our nurses were top notch and went above and beyond for us. Our OB was magnificent as usual! His upbeat sense of humor and heartfelt compassion that alleviated our angst of the early days was there again to ease our anxiety during Nora’s birth.
Alet: “The camp has over the years become quite infamous because the ANC-regime wanted to forcibly remove them to 'clean up the landscape' just before the Fifa World Cup football tournaments - and they put up quite a fight, one which the municipality lost. It originally was just a caravan-park but people started moving their when they lost their jobs and it's become an 'informal settlement'. During the battles of 2010 some people sold their little caravans and moved to escape the violence. When they heard that the municipality had given up trying to forcibly remove them, they returned and put up little shanties amongst the caravans. The majority of the adults are low-wage workers with little formal education who lost their jobs years ago - but amongst the latest arrivals also are business people.
We weighed him and they took him into the back room. One of the girls came out and asked if I wanted the heart worm meds now and I said sure. Then, just because all that had been mentioned up until that time was for heart worm, I asked her when I would get the results of the other blood test. Her response was “other blood test?” I told her that the heart worm was only added in since we were already taking blood today. She then looked at the file, gasped and ran back to stop them bringing Chester back so they could do it.
It’s worth it. It really is. To feel good about what you’re putting into your body and those of your family. To KNOW just what you’re putting into your body – there’s peace of mind in that. Setting an example for your kids, influencing friends and family members. All this can be yours when making some changes to your lifestyle (levels of changes varies and is directly proportional to your current diet habits). Be realistic, don’t bite off more than you can chew (pun intended). For me, cookies, bread and soup was a little too much in one day. I’ll try to keep it simpler this week and therefore will be less cranky with my efforts afterwards.
Personally, mutual relationships have served me well in all areas of life. I have spent the last year investing in people who aren’t just like me, but have areas of their life that I wish to emulate. It’s mutual. I am willing to invest in their lives and serve them as needed and get to know their heart, who they are, what they love, their passions, I ask them about themselves. Doing that gives me the opportunity to do 2 things; I get to know where they are, what their strengths are, what I can learn from them and pick their brains on how they got where they are in that area of life; but I also get to find out what their weaknesses are or to help them identify those weaknesses and help coach them along in areas where I am strong.
For a soul so warm and true;
I wish I had stuck around Meshuggah for the party. Supposedly, Delmar exploded when the election was called. Instead, I spent the evening at my mom's house in Dogtown, where my pithy noisemakers were the only sound on the whole street.
I woke up all night swearing my head was itching (isn't your head itching just thinking about lice?), so I gave myself the lice treatment and made Paul comb out my entire head, just in case. He didn't find anything, but now I sleep better at night.
God’s love so sure, shall still endure,
rugged up
If you were a shortstop, you'd be batting .0009
And, let's face it, making our dreams and imaginings real in someone else's mind, a reader's mind, is what it's all about. Or, at least it is for me.
Pity they do nothing with them.
I'm going to admit here that I eat foie gras. I love it. Yum. I know that is terrible of me so I'd like to add a disclaimer.
Before I get to the good stuff-- i. e. the pictures--I wanted to make a personal observation. I have noticed there is a flow to my cross stitch activity. I like to do a lot of smalls but then when my to "finish pile" gets rather large, and the guilt of not finishing them in a timely manner gets too overwhelming; I tend to switch gears and work on larger stitchery patterns just so I have time to do finishing.
I do not know how to answer this question. But I think we can learn something from Jesus, who spent the duration of His life holding two very distinct, seemingly-incompatible existences at hand—one exemplified by what He had inherited from His father/mother and the other characterized by humanity’s humility. His bringing the two together is what gives us reason to celebrate Holy Week in the first place.
It wasn't as if this were a recurrence of a monthly cycle, it was weekly and so the warning bells went off.
That the water had breeched the levy,
Several places within the UK they can be spotted are in London near Liverpool Street/Brick Lane/Soho & Manchester’s Northern Quarter and Universities.
Beneath my shady roof; there thou may’st rest,
So, in regard to a post of mine a while ago, I was going to post up a couple of bits and bobs that I had been working upon for my final year, the piece de resistance being my dissertation topic of a warped and sexualised re-imagination of Little Red Riding Hood. I have, however, encountered a little snag.
101 az drone
What age were you when you came across your first myth or myths? Tell us how you felt then about the myths you first discovered. Did you love them or hate them? Did they scare you, excite you—or were you indifferent? What kind of myths were they? Greek? Norse? Native American? Celtic? Or from another culture entirely? Were they in a book you read? Or did you hear them as oral storytelling from someone else?
Also the masks reminded me the ones in the execrable Bryan Loves You, so it’s good that they finally put the design to good use. The pacing here is also quite strong – after the interminable first act, it’s good that they opted for a “everyone knows they’re in danger” version of slasher plotting than the more typical “folks go off one by one and finally the Final Girl realizes everyone is missing hours later” approach. So you get another kill every couple of minutes, and lots of running and hiding and creeping around. Good stuff.
Iron Stylus: I’ll post on the forums.
Conversation went as follows: ”Wait, how do we do this? How tall is your seat supposed to be? Should we change the handle bars? How do we look? My ass hurts already.”
“They always are changing,” she said. “That clone was from one timeline, but that timelines does not have to be yours.”
Thank You Prairie Fairy for your generous sponsorship! Lets have a look what the team have come up with!
and many others…
The May king made a noise in his throat and said, “Anyway…”
I didn't have any Winnie the Pooh stamps so I went on the internet and found some free coloring pages and downloaded this happy picture. I cut it out and colored it with Copics and mounted it on dimensionals. This card also is for the color challenge which we had to use old olive, night of navy and daffodil delight and the sketch challenge. I reversed the sketch to accommodate Winnie. The sentiment is on dimensionals also and added a couple of little butterflies. I love this image of Winnie, it just makes me feel happy and free. It makes me think of the happiness and freedom we have in Christ. I hope you enjoy it.
Earlier in May when the SEALs killed Osama bin Ladin in military town of Abottabad, Pakistani officials demanded the US to vacate Shamsi, but this time with the deadline of December 11, the US is reportedly preparing to leave the base. CIA ran the drone operations from there targeting militants in the tribal areas. However, the base is no longer in use as it ceased in April, and the closure will not affect militarily.
You think I'm being funny with that title--but I assure you I'm not. I can't get in the car with MP these days without him careening over to the side of the road, then backing up--and just for the gleeful pleasure of saving a turtle. This can happen on a random road or a random highway--don't matter. He rushes out the door, scoops up the turtle, and proudly shoves it forward: Look at the claws on this thing! Next thing I know, we've stopped just yonder, and MP bustling out the car to put the turtle near some pond or creek.
Markings #7
When you attach a ginormous lens to the back of the iphone, it becomes just about as big and cumbersome as a DSLR camera. So you might as well use a DSLR camera. Not to mention, the iphone is very limited in it's picture controls. Yet another reason you might want to just invest in the real thing.
My own will an unbreakable board.
Since I can't just be where ever I wish, I will head to my ladies brunch today to celebrate the end of James. I hope you have a wonderful day and daydream about places and people you'd like to see today.
A free shake canister which is our meal replacement shake. It has 22 shakes in it, and is a 36.00 value!
Every year 15 young men, and very recently women, have been inducted into The Order from Yale students since 1832. Who selects them? A study of the career trajectories of many of those ‘chosen’ shows how they rise to prominence in American life and how their peers ensure these men penetrate the very fabric of important US institutions. They are always there in key positions during war and peace, manipulating and watching ceaselessly.
Then Rel found himself in front of a doorway whose glass panels were smashed to jagged teeth, the metal frame twisted past moving. The shape matched the memory of Rissad's route. Bending to squeeze between the sharp edges of the entry, he suppressed a shiver and tried to watch the back of his own neck as it cleared the glass. His flinch as his sleeve caught on a shard almost impaled him.
The most important point to remember is to Just Be You.. People are either going to like you or they are not. If they do, Awesome. If they don’t, Awesome… Now that I’m single and ready to mingle, I plan to use every one of these. Happy Dating!!!
2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
Auster claims to be concerned with White interests when he in fact pursues Jewish interests. That is now clear to me. To the extent those interests overlap his pretense works, it is where those interests conflict that he is revealed. I’ve never seen him get so worked up about anti-Whitism. I’ve never seen him attack with such venom someone he thought was being anti-White. To so self-righteously and summarily dismiss my arguments as anti-semitic, on that basis alone, he must strongly identify as a semite and consider those interests superior to all others. QED.
I could always start out crocheting gifts for people. That really seems to be the only way I can justify not doing my work. I’m always giving out gifts, but maybe, one day, people will realize how much effort I put into each project and they’ll want to buy it.
Monster of Florence
Gonzalez and Ramon Labañino —internationally known as the Cuban Five—
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.”
One of my biggest kicks out of running my humble little Internet outpost is the chance to virtually meet other like-minded folks.
#3 – Then, when I got home from the post office, I saw the SASE I meant to include, sitting on the kitchen table where I left it.
By the way, can you imagine if advertisers only paid-per-performance for TV, radio or print advertising? All pre-internet media would disappear within a month. But that’s another discussion for another time.
Delusional thinking isn't just acceptable in marketing today -- it's mandatory.
Bud Selig's stupidity in his insistance on making the leagues one and the same. Mixing teams, interleague play, eliminating seperate umpiring crews, eliminating league presidents, but still insisting on using the DH. That should've been the first thing to go.
Mr McGuinness, now deputy first minister in Northern Ireland, was present during the Bloody Sunday events.
Also on this page, make a note of the X_UserAgentPort setting — you’ll need it when setting up your trunk. Submit the page if you haven’t already. That’s basically all we have to do on the Obihai device!
Fabric Bookmarkers: 1
The BeerTender is compatible with Heineken, Heineken Premium Light and Newcastle Brown Ale. It features an LED temperature indicator, and keeps the beer for up to 30 days after tapping. It also has a removable tap, a nice security feature to prevent underage would-be drinkers from sneaking a glass.
She went to multiple colleges as an undergraduate, which shows how flighty and immature she is, unlike Barack Obama, who went to multiple colleges as an undergraduate, which shows the inquisitive nature of his intelligence, which has been such an inspiration, at least to everyone who was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
I’ve been pinning like crazy, and actually had a minute to stitch up a little something special for my girl’s first Easter. The original idea came from here, but I followed the basket tutorial here. The pink fabric is actually linen that I recycled from an old dress my SIL no longer wore (yay for upcycling!). I first embroidered the bunny face on the linen, then followed the basket tutorial, with the exception that I started with a 15″ square of each fabric instead of the patchwork suggested in the basket tutorial. I managed to use only supplied I already had on hand, but wish I would have used stiffer batting/interfacing in the basket… it’s a little flimsy.
Existing owners of wild animals can keep them if they follow the new rules, which include permit fees, registration and constructing proper facilities. The Ohio House may not vote on the measure until the end of May.
But aside from the dislike of authority issue, there’s another reason why people don’t want to hear about the Easter story. Many people think that when Christians talk about Easter, that we are just telling our personal your personal opinions, not telling about what really happened in history. So not only are these stories threatening to their autonomy, but they are also just our opinions. And our opinions can be ignored – especially when they are opinions that put burdens on them to re-prioritize their lives.
What do these people think benefit claimants are doing? Do they think all of them aren’t actively looking for a job? Do they ignore the fact that only £1bn of welfare fraud occurs, and that £16bn worth of benefits goes unclaimed every year? Do they ignore the fact that so many jobs don’t pay enough to survive adequately? Do they know how it feels like to lose their job and have little hope of finding an adequate replacement, as those at the top earn ridiculous amounts of money and receive knighthoods and £850bn of taxpayers money to make sure they don’t fail after nearly collapsing the country after their excessive risk taking and profit making activities?
Incredibly I was finished first, and by 11:30 - 12:40 is a more usual finish time!!
You'll need to download Google Chrome to watch this interactive film for Arcade Fire's song 'We used to wait' (that's half the point).
Jack Frost (1998) ... ABC Family ... 12 AM
How would you describe the sound of Mighty Coala?
I left it there for you.
Oxford St, Bondi Junction
145 (welterweight): Kuu’lei Kupihea (6-1, 2 KOs) vs. Tiffany Junot (9-2-1, 6 KOs)
Richelle
Add wine and saffron stock mixture to the pan. Bring to a boil and let it reduce for two minutes. Return chicken to the pan along with the pancetta. Reduce to simmer and cook about 15 minutes more.
There is much dark talk in MDC circles of intolerable bullying.
Anwaar: Your highness can do the impossible. I know it. Do what I say and you shall be remembered as a great king, a king who was wise enough to let justice flourish. If you pretend to be deaf to the cries of women, it shall bring you to your ruin.
Because I don’t need to receive every single painful comment.
Fax: (631) 234-5561
Fiona Hyslop who is the Cabinet Secretary for Culture and External Affairs said that having the debate has given some direction to how Scottish Parliament can support community radio stations. She also commented on the cross party commitment to the sector, alluding to a positive future for community radio in Scotland.
I went over and stuck up a conversation with her
Dandapani Mohanty, who was one of three interlocutors who negotiated Krishna’s release, appealed to Maoists to extend the deadline to allow the state government time to stop anti-Maoist operations and said he was willing to mediate if both sides approach him.
"Intestinal 'transit time'" is code for the amount of time it takes for food to be digested and waste to be eliminated. Food and waste sitting in our digestive tract equals bloating (among other dreadful things, which we will not discuss). Drinking lots of water, eating fruits and vegetables, and getting 25 to 30 grams of fiber per day keep the "trains on schedule," so to speak.
Through the years there's been some lineup changes and label shifts, but Jackyl released an album in 2002 with many tracks co written by Brian Johnson, vocalist for AC/DC. Then last year they released a new studio album which caused another round of controversy but I'll save that one for another time. Currently, Jackyl holds two Guinness world records, one for playing 100 concerts in 50 days and another for performing 21 concerts in a 24-hour period. As I was writing this I was going to post the classic Lumberjack and another song as to avoid controversy. Seems like I have a couple of sensitive readers who agree with censorship. Since I am against censorship I have decided to include the She Loves My .... song, explicit lyrics and all. While decidedly not the most tasteful of tunes it is quite catchy and if Mrs homercat likes it then it can't be that bad. Have a good weekend all
and it was wonderful!!
And I beg my daughter to stay a baby just a little bit longer, just until Mummy can give her the news of a baby sister or brother. But she doesn't listen, kids never do!
This has been a long post for my standard which will carry me into the weekend. I hope you will have lovely weekend and get much accomplished and/or lots of rest! If you are traveling for CHA, may you have a wonderful and safe journey!
A successful executive, M. Taylor Hamilton is on track with her ten-year plan. Too bad her personal life consists of hitting the gym and grocery shopping. Enter the seductive Adam Kirliss. They may have a working relationship, but everything changes at an office party when he handcuffs her to the rail of a yacht. Taylor writes the adventure off as too much champagne, but when Adam challenges her to a date, she agrees to meet up with him. And follow his rules. They share a night of exquisite intimacy, brimming with both pain and pleasure. But afterwards, fearful of losing her heart, Taylor pulls back emotionally. Adam is determined to prove that she longs for the loss of control he can give her – and the passionate release it provides. How can he make her see that he wants her, and not just her body?
Monroe on the New York set of 'The Seven Year Itch', the film version of a Broadway box office success.
I was indifferent and said:”I don’t think I can see any spectacular sunrise at Hong Kong. Hong Kong is just too small.” Then I recalled my experience at the Tai Mountain in China. I climbed all the way up to the top, stayed over the night, and enjoyed a memorable scene of sunrise on the next morning. “That was truly gorgeous.” I said.
i finish with 2 layers UTEE.
The Shelter of His Arms is an emotional read that will touch your heart. I felt for Lani and the choices she has made and the aftermath of those choices. I liked Chrispin and how was so tender with Lani. A wonderful novelette that was just the pick me up I needed! Another exceptional read from J. Adams.
But Kristen's story doesn’t end there.
S:going to school
and as for his generation, who considered
I need to fill them with something:
Ya'll take care.
38. Does someone have a crush on you?
When the fires burned themselves out, Garcia fed pills from around the house to his 7-year-old dachshund, Dexter.
So now the pantry shelves are groaning under all that weight. And the family is getting a little tired of pots constantly bubbling on the stove. Or of hearing me say "Wait a minute..I'm just filling up another bottle". So for now, I'm hanging up those apron strings and having a little break. Just as soon as I finish that batch of quince paste bubbling on the stove, that is.
I personally love the comfort and prettiness of a light white blouse. It keeps you cool when the weather is warm while not baring too much skin when the air is icy. Stores have such a wide variety of colour and print in the same style at the moment, so everyone is spoilt for choice. A more fitted skirt balances out the loose blouse and gives just the right amount of formal flair to an otherwise casual look. Nude heels also add a hint of sophistication to the outfit, and are definitely a staple that every woman needs in her wardrobe.
As we know. There are laws for the rest of us in SA and then there are laws for the ANC, who are actually above the law or a law onto themselves.
Make your decisions and moves with assertive authority. Stand by your convictions. And follow synchronicity.
Cryptology!
Once I decided the smartest decision was for me to stay in my apartment, I realized that I need to focus on the things I love about it a little more:
Other spinners keep telling me to keep practising and it WILL come. But honestly? I think that's just what they say so they can make their excuses and run to the hills as they marvel at how one woman can be SO clueless...
Crumble goat cheese on top of each muffin tin
If you have not heard from us much in the last 3 Christmas Seasons it is because 2 of the last 3 years I had a Christmas letter made up and pictures ready and wouldn’t you know it our printer broke (yes twice in 3 years in December LOL). Well of course at that time of year it is not the best time to be making the purchase of a new printer so we waited until later in the year and got one, but 2 printers breaking in the same month of December is not likely to happened again I hope. I kept telling myself I would send out a letter in the spring, but things got busy and it never got done.
For a past few days, the easiest feeling to feel has been anger for me. Honestly, it’s like one of the rarest of emotions in me, but when I’m there, all hell is about to break loose.
I find visiting my mom emotionally exhausting. I try to do the best I can - but sometimes I feel it isn't enough.
Shirl
tall tales & short stories started life in January 2009 and its first featured debut author interview was with Sarwat Chadda. I think I may have been one of the first if not the first person to interview Sarwat so it’s been fascinating to follow the journey he’s been on since his first tentative steps into the author limelight.
Don’t you love the smell of the sea? When you go to the beach, even if you didn’t see the the water yet you are hit by the peculiar smell that is unforgettable. I love to visit fishing towns, walk to the piers and see the boats tied to moorings, swaying to the rhythm of the sea. Hard working men wearing rubber boots and rubber gloves doing their as some people call it, an unglamorous job.
Lenny grew enough that fall that I convinced MyLove to register him. So, Lenny became ECC Liberty. MyLove said we could keep him as a backup bull. We learned that summer to always have a backup because our old herdsire died at the old age of 8. Most bulls are retired at 5 or 6. We have a tendency to get attached, so they stay as long as they live.
In the 1860s the French emperor Napoleon III got ambitious and decided to set up an empire in Mexico. Napoleon didn’t want to put any of his Bonaparte kinsmen at risk by sending them to the howling wilderness of Mexico, so he approached the Hapsburgs, and found a willing sucker in the Archduke Maximilian. Maximilian was a kid brother of the Emperor Franz Joseph of Austria-Hungary, and as such didn’t have much to do but govern minor provinces and eat strudel, so naturally he jumped at the chance to become a big shot in the New World.
“Left it?”
Words With Friends is a very popular game in our culture. If you don’t believe me, just say it out loud the next time that you are around a group of friends. Just say, “Hey, have you heard of Words With Friends?” Let me know what happens. Odds are, at least one pulls out a smart phone to add you to their ever-increasing bankroll of opponents that they plan to wreak havoc upon. If you have never played it, essentially you fill a small board of letters up creating words that score various points based upon letter complexity, and positioning on the board. I of course, lose every time I play.* Honestly. Ask my wife, sister-in-law, mother-in-law, best friends, or even the total stranger that I took on to begin with. I stink. I have since trailed off from it , as it has lost my interest and I have moved on to other ventures.
4. Fire up your grill to medium. Have a brew.
I’d rather they use the term “Paying Attention.” Paying really close attention to what you are doing at this very moment. Not thinking of the past or thinking about the future but thinking about what you are doing this very moment.
Lifelong Star Trek fans Alan, Peter, Leo and George learn that the 11-foot filming model of the original U.S.S. Enterprise, on display at the Smithsonian’s Air and Space Museum, is scheduled to be sent for repairs and restoration. Sensing an unparalleled opportunity, they hatch a daring plan to steal the legendary model while it’s in transit to the airport. Their strategy is bold in scope, elegant in its simplicity, and unprecedented in its level of stupidity. It can’t fail.
Or just kinda American, in that bad way I mentioned before, you know, whiny and self-involved. (footnote 6)
As of now, 2012, we have a wider ideas that are different about what exactly happened that beautiful September morning. We are farther away from the event that set our universes in sync. However we all do still have the memory of what we all saw, felt and experienced. Not one person can say that they did not know what they were doing the first time they heard or saw what happened on 9/11. It kinda trips me out that there is one day where probably 2/3 of the planet were paying attention to the exact same thing at the exact same time. It was a day universes collided!
Strong charges by a strong lady. It seems to me that Pearson (I have taken many Pearson based tests and am set to take another in June) has a strangle hold on “testing.” It might be interesting to see who the CEO of this company is, and see who are the members of their Board of Directors to see what connections they have.
Clear embossing powder and versamark
* I had used a glass bakeware,please adjust your oven timings accordingly.But please start checking the cake in oven after 1 hour.Don't open the oven before that else the cake will not fluff up well and tend to be hard.
Seven minutes later Higuain slipped a clever through-ball into the path of Ronaldo but the former Manchester United man was faced with an angle too tight as his eventual effort was easily blocked by the goalkeeper.
My husband makes fun of me all the time and says that I grew a $1000 cucumber. What he actually means is that I have attempted 4 times at a garden and the only thing that was edible was a cucumber. Kind of true - but the cherry tomatoes worked as well. My gorgeous next door neighbor called in an expert and I have been going over there every day and picking my own salad - yumm. So I called Christy Wilhelmi AKA The Gardenerd and I am so excited about what we did yesterday: Check out what we planted in my back yard ($120 worth of plants fyi)
*Do you move with energy, do you walk with positive bounce in your step, do you show aliveness in your being or do you drag along in your walking, move very passively which indicates a lack of confidence and potential fear of people*
Name one thing that was harder the second time around. Coming up with something fresh. My original outline for CassaFire in no way resembles the finished book as I kept making changes.
The intruders entered the store shortly before 10 p.m. No one was injured, Boyd said.
However in less than one hundred years of rapacious culling by both settlers and natives, the bison numbers have dwindled dramatically. Near extinction, has led to farm-raising of bison on ranches in Canada and the U.S. Several years ago, on our way to Waterton National Park, Alberta, we dropped by the Head-Smashed-in-Buffalo Jump interpretative site, near Fort McLeod where the
Straight line down, bump, bump
Tea has had just as much if not more importance in the culture and history of China than in ours.
I'm off to a wedding tonight and a dutch oven cooking class tomorrow. Have a great weekend everyone!
And I still do not know how it all came to be
Well there is absolute truth and relative truth. Absolute truth is the one truth however relative truth is always relative to something else. For example that which is good is relative to bad.
'None of these Oriental groups presents a problem when compared with whites, but they do show interesting variations in the extent of criminality when compared with one another. A study of 1,944 Japanese, Chinese, and Filipino male arrests in Seattle for the five-year period 1928-32 shows that when these arrests are compared with the estimated number of Oriental males fifteen years of age and over, the average annual rate is 5.7 percent. The rate for white males of the same age is 11.1 percent. When considered separately the Japanese men have a rate of 2.6 percent, the Chinese of 9.6, and the Filipino of 11.8.
But if you really want to finance your housing with an FHA 3.5% down payment mortgage, please don’t eat for an hour before entering the water. The undertow is severe!
In his long statement in court he quoted in a slightly modified version the American President John F. Kennedy: “Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.” This was also highlighted in his 1,518-page so-called manifesto, in which he quoted another former US President, Thomas Jefferson, that “The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.” These quotes are more militant than anything ever written by Robert Spencer, Bat Ye’or, Andrew Bostom, Melanie Phillips, or myself.
B. She is fucking HILARIOUS
Found another good blog today while chasing another link and added her to my blog roll. Here's a sample of her postings:
.breakfast in bedlam
I know a lot of people are afraid of pressure cookers because they think they are dangerous. This reputation is not entirely unjustified, pressure cookers used to be fairly fickle. However, they have come a long way and modern pressure cookers are quite safe and probably nothing like what your grandmother used to use. I have two pressure cookers and they are vastly different. One of them is the most basic type. It does not have a pressure gate or any other fancy gadgets. It has a weight that goes on the steam/pressure release nozzle. Once it has achieved pressure it lets out the excess pressure though that nozzle and it hisses and makes the weight "dance". This weight is actually removable. Come think of it, I need to replace the rubber seal. The other pressure cooker is a fancy job I got because it was so damned cool and the lid was green. It has a gauge (which I never really look at since I always want the highest pressure) and the weight is not removable. It has a fancy locking mechanism and looks kickass on my range. It is also huge so I don't use it often. I wouldn't be a good Cuban if I didn't have at least pressure cooker.
We also have been reading a TON of books…here are some of them…and YES…some of them are children’s books, and ones I read out loud to ALL of my children, and some I am not posting that are workbooks and more in depth to her needs and kinds of abuse she suffered, if you would like reference to them personal message me.
I watched the entire Ocean’s Trilogy (2001′s Oceans Eleven, 2004′s Ocean’s Twelve and 2007′s Ocean’s Thirteen) for the first time this weekend. The cast is loaded! George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon, Julia Roberts, Don Cheadle, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Elliot Gould, Carl Reiner, Bernie Mac, Casey Affleck, Scott Caan, Andy Garcia, Vincent Cassel, and Al Pacino all have great fun on camera. The heist plots make for an exciting watch.
Moving shirtless inside the temple came as a relief though, for we visited the place during those sweltering days before monsoon. The temple authorities have thoughtlfully fixed overhead tabletop fans every few yards in the queue on temple parikrama.
Light now turn
When I arrived Becca and I sat around and chatted and amused ourselves with the antics of her dog, Scooter. Best small dog, ever. Sorry I don't have a picture of you, Scooter. Once Scooter tired of entertaining us, we decided to get crafty and headed over to Purple Glaze, a local pottery studio.
Is it me or do Christmas films look better in black and white? They are timeless, classic and most of all, make the holidays seem like a gentler, nicer time before the days of the recession, mega malls, polarizing politics and the Kardashians set in. So this holiday, turn off the Real Housewives marathon (one wonders if they will run out of cities and Poughkeepsie will be next) and watch a piece of holiday nostalgia. Here are a few of my favorites in black and white:
Ethnic minorities do not fare well in third world countries, but that's the future my sons will face when they are still young men. Other mothers' sons and daughters face the same fate, but, unlike me, it seems those mothers, and those fathers simply do not care.
So for medical science’s sake, don’t outgrow it.
But it seems all we want to be is cool, in the pop-culture sense.
My lover came by with blood roses
Track 10 - Napoleon ( Opening Of Misty Beethoven )
By the way, since Teacher Appreciation Week is coming up so soon, we are giving you a promo code, good just for the week on our website! The code Teach20 will get you 20% off of any order of $20 or more! That's better than a free shipping code for the larger orders, and just about the same as a free shipping code for the smaller ones. This offer expires at midnight on Sunday, May 13, so enjoy!
The story unfolds at a decent pace, telling the back-story to Barnabas and Angelique, but doesn’t do a great job of character development, leaving the audience a bit disconnected.
The controversy and cultural impact surrounding Don Siegel’s 1971 film is well documented. We all know about Pauline Kael’s quote and about the critical backlash against the film’s pro-gun, pro-vigilante point of view; however, what sometimes gets missed in all of that is the simple fact that Dirty Harry is a seminal and important film. One of the best films of the ‘70s, Dirty Harry is essentially an exploitation movie financed by a big time studio with its biggest star in the lead role. It looks like an exploitation movie, it sounds like an exploitation movie (the music is one of the most memorable things about the film), and it plays like an exploitation movie. What Siegel and Eastwood and screenwriters Harry Julian and R.M. Fink have done is not just create an iconic character that spouts memorable lines (although, Dirty Harry spawned many sequels and bad knockoffs) as he points his .44 Magnum at bad guys, they created a time capsule film that speaks to the chaos and the rapidly changing America of the ‘60s; however, what makes the film still relevant today is in the fact that the filmmakers ultimately made a film that is eerily prescient for today’s America.
- Use the bins that are used at hardware stores for screws and nails. Put a different letter in each drawer. (shared by Becky)
“What time was your dinner set for?”
The Club team had a successful weekend at Nationals in North Carolina this past weekend and placed 22nd.
Working with the cast and crew was AMAZING!! My first day there I wasn’t shooting and they were nice enough to invite me to lunch which was cool because they had a live New Orleans Jazz band. After stuffing my face, I got to hang out on set and watch Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum shoot the limo scene. It was exciting to see how a movie is made and how much work and effort is put into every scene, big or small. When it was my turn to shoot, I got to set early morning to get ready. Even though we didn’t start my scene until later that evening it was nice to hang out and get to know the cast and crew a little better. Everyone on set made me feel welcome, especially Jonah and Channing. They made an effort to get to know me and include me in conversation. On the way back to the hotel after the long day, I mentioned to one of the drivers who is from New Orleans that he could finally go home and relax with a nice glass of wine, he simply replied with his southern drawl: “Baby here in N’Orleans we don’t drink wine, we drink moonshine”.
29 Falling (lame title, but the poem uses trochees and dactyls to talk about marijuana)
Motivate yourself, motivate eachother,
I approached the check in counter rather apprehensively with all my bags, and handed over ticket and passport along with a big smile. I waved my bulging carry on bag at the ground staff and asked if it was ok for carry on. (Quite what I would have done if she has said no, I am not quite sure – though part of my keenness in being early is to be able to regroup in the event of something like that happening). She gave it a cursory nod and asked if it had any liquids in it. Being completely dry it was apparently fine for carry on. Along with the carrier bag of books and my handbag. And the fleece and pashmina that I was carrying. You get the picture! It was not much fun going through security, taking out my laptop and placing all of these into the trays. The staff were quite bemused to see me fill four trays! Still, I was though and able to head to the airline lounge.
Federal Tax ID # 37-1570040 DUNS # 82-761-7981
So, in this era of Photoshopping for the masses, it shouldn't be surprising — but is nonetheless a great idea — that Estee Lauder is about to bring a similar thing to the lowly social networking profile picture, while promoting itself to boot. According to Ad Age, the cosmetics company is now offering free makeovers and photo shoots for Web site profile pictures in a select group of department stores, such as Bloomingdale's New York, that carry its brand. The only "cost" for those who do it is having an Estee Lauder logo in the background on the picture, which to me seems like a minimal bother given how expensive it is to hire a makeup artist and photographer all by yourself. The brand is promoting it on its Facebook page, though the pictures themselves can appear wherever women in Estee Lauder's 35 to 55 year old target roam online.
Preheat oven to 325F and heat the olive oil over medium heat in a large oven-safe pot with a heavy lid or a medium dutch oven (I use ‘lil blue). Once the oil is hot, add the chopped onions and garlic.
Raw and SmackDown General Manager John Laurinaitis kicked off the show by saying the WWE Universe should be thankful that he brought Brock Lesnar back to WWE, especially after Brock engaged in a vicious showdown with John Cena at Extreme Rules.
( letter to Cassandra Austen of the 25th April 1811)
4. Some people talk about how it is such a shame so much history is being destroyed in KC, but here I am, working my ass off in my "spare time" to preserve a very important part of our history and I have to keep my mouth shut until the lawyers settle it all out. Let's just say it's like being given a box of awesome treasures and having no idea what's inside and how to go about figuring out what's inside. You just know that the outside parts will lead to even more awesome treasures. In the end, no one will probably care except a bunch of historians, but it's partially the reason I haven't had a day off since Aug. 1st, so it's kind of a big deal to me.
Play should never be an after thought at home and especially in school. Play should always be at the forefront of our plans for children and for ourselves. How drab would our world be without new ideas, new creations, new innovations. These are only possible when hard word is infused with good bouts of play. For the sake of the future, let the children play.
Were such a program actually to be implemented, it is fairly clear that the Netherlands would have heartily adopted Option 1, supplemented with Option 2. What this means is that one of the European countries worst afflicted by the cancer of Islam is already at a point where the debate on what would constitute a genuinely effective response to Islam is moving into the political mainstream, pushed by a political party whose popularity is fast increasing and likely to increase a good deal more. Indeed, it is not inconceivable that within the next few years the Netherlands could be attempting to implement at least some elements of the first de-Islamization program in modern European history.
When you have a club full of scantily dressed women and drunk men, it makes perfect sense why there are strict rules in place. If a customer wants to stay, the customer has to play by the club's rules. When it comes to club management, there is no room for discussion. You either follow the rules or you leave.
Luckily I haven't had to venture any further than the dining room table and kitchen worktops today (yes I even take those over for crafty creating .. .. they are just the right height for so many jobs).
This is obvious to anyone who is not simply trying to disprove the church’s understanding of Easter. As I said above, the Gospels are written as “Greco-Roman Biography” and are not concerned with chronology as much as us in our modern histories. But that being said, out of the four Gospels, Luke seems to be the most concerned with historical details like this. He even says: “it seemed good to me also, having followed all things closely for some time past, to write an orderly account” (Luke 1:3).
Movie executive Adam Goodman has confirmed that Cruise will star in the Top Gun sequel, after he’s completed work with the fifth Mission Impossible movie.
#2 is done with dip pens and ink. It's a little tighter than I'd hoped but I did get caught up in the drawing.
I don't like the idea that we have to be OVER sensitive to other races and cultures; that actually leads to opposite stereotyping and misconceptions. But general race issues aren't what I'm addressing. I am addressing how we view other people from other races as different, when we really are the same. Our cultures may lead to subtle differences to large ones (say, if a white man marries and traditional Hindi woman), yet those aren't where issues actually come from. The idea that we simple CAN'T date other races because they are too different is the problem.
Negative remarks aside, I am really enjoying my box. In terms of value, you're definitely getting your money's worth: those really are deluxe-size samples, no little foil packets or other such nonsense. Also, all the brands are of the high-end spectrum: Dermalogica, Fekkai, REN, Oscar de la Renta and Skyn Iceland, which is a brand I've never heard about before. Actually, the Skyn Iceland Icelandic Relief Eye Pen is a full size product, the only difference from regular retail being that this was unboxed. So far, I've tried the eye pen, which is great (I might do a separate review) and the Fekkai Glossing Cream, which I quite like as well. I like that there is such a good variety of brands and products (skin, hair, perfume); I was secretly wishing for a make-up item in there, but maybe next month... If I was really splitting hairs, I'd say that two exfoliating products is a bit much, but then the REN is more like a mask, so that's ok.
I'm getting tired of living like this,tired of not being able to tell people how I feel.Yesterday,Michel Turtchin(Appeard in a brazilian reality show,works with marketing)had a new profile photo(i think that he is pretty handsome,check his fb to see*-*)and I really wish that I could comment on it(in other photos too).I know that it sound stupid,but I wish that I could write and say what I feel to other people,to know who I am better,so other people could know what I like,dislike...
First Place — Traditional
of course, i had to make these cute fishes again.. this time, 3 are in coconut milk (those white ones) and 3 are just in the normal agar agar mixture (those translucent ones) coz i am not sure which my colleagues will prefer... oh, and yes, i made the pineapples again too.. just that they are not in the picture coz the will cover up all the fishes....
If you truly feel an obligation to society and to a piece of dirt, then starve the beast. Let the politicians run it all into the ground, watch the system collapse, and then come back in to create value in the exciting aftermath.
HOWEVER, when bloggers start approaching sensitive and controversial issues such as murder and genocide in a judgmental and unbecoming fashion, then Tia Mysoa strongly believes that the record must be set straight. I personally feel that if bloggers want to publish issues of this nature, then it would be advisable that they either have all the facts-and-figures on hand before doing so, or be totally silent on the matter.
"What is most important and valuable about the home as base for children's growth into the world is not that it is a better school than the schools, but that it isn't a school at all."
Daddy / daddy / means sugar daddy
This happens in real life too. People bait you with something like "I have got fuckin' awesome plans for tomorrow"... "Oh yeah, what are you up to"... "I can't say". GAH!
I have read the words more times than I can count on one hand. I'm hoping that hearing them will assist in the cementing of my attitude. I am a gift finder. I've always been one, but it's the making of this joy list that adds life to my days lately.
One small tip: only paint your walls black if your space is well illuminated and big in size.
Militant neo-atheists are busting a gut to drive Christians off the radar, says British TV cook
Me: Flora. Not just my vagina, but yours too. And your sisters'. All women's vaginas. And the flora that's already in there but gets all crazy and greedy and starts land grubbing—
celebrates the fact that "not only women bleed". "It was
At the City Council meeting a week ago Monday, Catotti raised a host of objections to an outside review. Mayor Bell’s proposal, she complained, was too nebulous. It might cost too much. She would need more information before forming an opinion on the plan.
Please visit Petition Updates for the latest news and updates. Thank you to everyone for making your points without the use of profanity. We’re all about positive change.”
Luckily I had been in the business before, well obviously I probably wouldn't have gotten the job if I hadn't, but I already knew the ins, outs, and what have yous. Meg (Wine/Liquor) and myself (Beer/Liquor) set up our office at a table outside the Starbucks and started contacting distributor reps to decide our opening orders. For the next few weeks we talked to reps, looked over item/price lists, and tasted a ton of wine. Some days all we did was taste wine. One of the perks of this industry is that in order to sell the buyer a product you pretty much need to know about what you are buying for the store. Reps come in, you bust out the glasses and get down to business. On the beer side of things it's even better, instead of just a little pour the reps bring in whole bottles and I can take them home and drink the whole thing. That's the thing about beer, you have to be able to swallow the whole taste to get an idea and I am happy to take home anything and try it once!
The wall space above my kitchen cabinets has been begging for something. So that's where I thought I'd try this out. I decided to write "Bon Appetit," since it was going in the kitchen.
I admit I was startled to look up and find Jack standing across the bar staring at me. Even though I tried to hide my surprise I had actually jumped when I looked up from my drink (that I was talking myself into having) to see him standing there.
The official has received various awards for "Good Governance" and best HR Administration in the Region. Inspection- and auditors reports on his section portray excellent results. His leave record and performance assessment results in general speak of a loyal, dedicated official.
Publishers Weekly: "...readers will feel the affection of Rain's loose-knit family and admire the way that they, like the author with the audience, allow Rain to draw her own conclusions about who she is and what her heritage means to her."
Even the people who felt anger and disgust for Coach Paterno and his program when the Sandusky story developed, while still repulsed, couldn’t help but feel tremendous sadness for Coach Paterno and the amazing things he accomplished. Not only did he wind up as the all-time leader in coaching wins, bowl appearance and bowl wins, Penn State was time and again rated #1 in graduation rates for their football players.
On the nose it doesn't have much a bit of malts and a very slight hop aroma.
Our imagination is limitless and plentiful, which is a beautiful thing!
My father-in-law is a retired Sergeant Major, and as such had the ability to read the "orders" for Jeff's promotion. Because Jeff's parents so very far away, and couldn't be there for it, we did something a little special. We e-mailed them the text for the orders, and he read it over the phone. So you see one soldier holding a phone out, while the entire room is at attention for the reading. It was so wonderful hearing his voice in the room, so that in a way they were there for it.
It looks more like a fine ale than any such beverage that my feeble human mind could ever conjure-up - even in it's very wildest imaginings.
If the size of the ball isn't enough, try and wrap your head around the size of the needles...
Teachers at Chesterbrook Elementary School in McLean, Va., created an exercise trail using QR codes that students scan with a smartphone to get instructional videos at stations along the path. Physical-education teacher Jay Levesque said that “I can sit right here in the middle and kind of oversee everything and I know the kids are getting instruction …” WUSA-TV (Washington, D.C.) (4/26)
Cichlids and botias living peacefully in this tank. These ones seemed to be ignoring each other.
Into the innermost depths of my being:
Sam and Dave ~ Soul Man ~ Stax/Atlantic ~ 1967 Clarence Carter ~ Lookin’ For A Fox ~ Atlantic ~ 1968 Johnnie Taylor ~ Who’s Making Love ~ Stax ~ 1968 Rufus Thomas ~ Do The Funky Chicken ~ Stax ~ 1970 Jackey Beavers ~ Mr. Bump Man (Give Me A Hand) Part II ~ 77 Records US 1974/Buddah UK 1975. Madagascar ~ Rainbow ~ Arista ~ 1981
Readers, how about telling Adam about the non-genre novels that YOU think have the X-factor?
The hour long film was made with amazing swiftness. "It
E DESIGN- As a designer I will work with you to create a space that is a reflection of you and your life. Please contact me if you are interesting in discussing the different design services I offer, together we can create the space you have always dreamed of!
Anyway, here’s the intro to this recurring theme…
! Removal of Non Performers from the Business
Like I said, I WANT to like the belt’s role in the Punk/Jericho storyline*, but it doesn’t mean anything. It’s just there so Jericho will be more of a dickhead should he win it and Punk will be more of a hero if he retains. The bottle of Jack and wasted cans of beer are more important to me, and not just because I think the company wasted some quality libations.
Horror conventions! lots to see, lots to learn. And the guest stars really go out of their way to talk to you! I've enjoyed many pleasant conversations, and I've even been invited to their homes (they live nearby) to hang out, and Ken Foree has even invited me to get our tarot cards read together! He's a fun dude. Lenny Lies has become a good friend over the years, and looks me out all the time.
K.W. Jeter – True Love
molecules, the same
At last we have some sunshine here although there is still a cold wind, never mind I have at last been able to do some gardening and plant some vegetables. Hope you are enjoying your weekend, especially all my blogging friends who are celebrating Mothers Day. In the UK Mothers Day is in March so I have already been spoilt this year!!
So… Vacations have a way of making disciplines tough. This last weekend for the 4th, I was out of town visiting family. I will admit I almost totally forgot my PSP.
The writer, Michelle Post, became interested in writing up Bobbie after reading her obituary which talked about her blog and her causes. It's always tough to tell a thousand stories and see it shrink to a sentence, but such is the business of newspaper and overall I think it's a nice tribute. I'm excited that there is one more bit for the legacy, one more validation of my mom. Boy, do I miss her.
Ashley was definitely excited, and I sure enjoyed hearing the phrase, "I never would have put those together!"
It didn't get rid of it though. My brother and two of my sisters got the sores and began coughing horribly, just as mother had. Eventually, each one of them died. Most of the people I knew died. Each one thrown into the fires and burned. And one day, I looked at my leg, and found a sore. That's the day I threw the flower Mother had given me away. Nothing could protect us from this.
Their arrival is noticed by several unruly teens, who assume that the women are cops. They ignore the catcalls and sexual comments and walk up to the floor of the building where most of the news items took place. Helen takes out a camera to photograph the graffiti on the walls, including 1 particular phrase that catches her eye: "SWEETS TO THE SWEET".
It is to the credit of CBS that they stood up to the pressure of Israel’s propagandists and diplomats. Michael Oren was put under the spotlight by Bob Simon who told him that this attempt, by an Ambassador of a foreign state, to get a programme suppressed, when he didn’t even know what was in the documentary (but suspected that anything true would be adverse) was the first in his experience. Oren responds: ‘Well there’s a first time for everything Bob!’
It’s okay to break the ground-cover plants into two or three sections. Just gently pull them apart at the roots.
I was so excited to find this French market basket at......GW naturellment. Have you ever priced them new? Very spendy.
After we moved to Indonesia, I have noticed from the beginning that people often hand you their name cards when you exchange contacts after meeting them for the first time. I like this culture because name card definitely leaves you with a stronger impression than a piece of paper that they tore from something with a scribble of their email address and phone numbers.
Of course, I didn’t. He spent the night with me.
I love this image from the recently released Floral Delights and the lush ribbon is also from LCI. My paper is Echo Park and the watering can is wooden and I painted it white.
the social dancing and celebratory, but casual outdoor, evening ‘get-togethers’.
Thank you for contacting me regarding President Bush’s nomination of Alberto Gonzales to become the next Attorney General of the United States. I appreciate your concerns and value to opportunity to respond.
Has the advent of the Barclays Center really changed retail in the blocks around it?
Sharlotte Hydorn, a great-grandmother and retired science teacher, pleaded guilty in December to a federal charge of failing to file income tax returns from 2007 through 2010, a period during which investigators said at least seven customers used her kits to kill themselves.
My own over active imagination saw another possible link. I have actually walked some of the Camino de Santiago. In Spain’s Basque Country I walked just a couple of kilometres through an estate called Finca Jakue. ‘Jakue’ is pronounced ‘Jack-way’ and is the Basque for James as in Saint James or Santiago – given an Italian accent it also sounds very similar to ‘Giacche’. Who knows, perhaps this is an old linguistic memory that shows it was once known that this grape came from the Camino de Santiago?
I will highly, highly, recommend Mindset. It will most likely change the readers way of thinking. I may change their life.
I had a free day in Seattle, due to a flight cancellation. After an early flight from Portland and a nap at the airport hotel, I headed out to Brouwer's Cafe, one of the more highly-touted beer spots in town.
What does one wear to hang around a garage all day while their dad is trying to figure out why their truck randomly decides to lose power while driving down the highway? Oh, did I mention that it was rainy, cold and I got minimal sleep the night before?
Honorable Mention: Rory Brennan's "Guiness is Good for You" - photography
to keep us from Your love
Anyway, I too, didn't read the book and I really enjoyed the movie. Doris Roberts, was such fun and mysterious again as Mrs. Miracle. I loved all the characters.... they had great chemistry!
Read my lips, no more tax rises.
I kept the roll top covered in newspaper and painters tape and sprayed the desk with Krylon’s satin black spray paint…easy! Two coats and I was done. It dried fast!
An outfielder who throws in back of a runner is locking the barn after the horse is stolen.
Bowser Alcazar 2 1:52:258
Free sandwiches, chips, cookies, and drinks available. The workshop will feature Keynote Speaker Dr. Paul Glassman, a nationally recognized expert in oral health care for people with special and complex needs. Also, results to date will be shared, including input from dentists, providers, parents and caregivers who were recently surveyed to gain their insight about gaps, barriers, resources, and successes in oral health care provision.
On Tuesday night when I get home from working all day, I go to the fridge and pull out the second cup of chicken and the second cup of stock to make Chicken and Rice.
I broke into my paper stash and decided to use the Making Memories Paper Reverie line in "Noir" - its such an awesome versatile black and creme line - love the patterns too, houndstooth, damask, ledger...totally up my alley. I love how all my projects match, such a super fun swap, go check Jade out, she is the BESTEST!
The final decision would come from the federal government, but one expert says the opposition from state leaders could make this all a bit more difficult.
For authors: Did you break rules?
In the evening I toured the school we'll be moving in to next year. The space if significantly smaller and the building doesn't have an amazing East River view anymore. On the plus side, I'll have a 0.3 mile commute to work if I stay in the same apartment.
I was laying in bed and started thinking...
Jeff Long is the Marketing Manager at Medical Solutions, a travel nursing company. He has never been a nurse and is not a recruiter; his goal is to help you meet your career goals by sharing information, advice, and the benefits of travel nursing with you. He also blogs regularly at TravelNursingBlogs.com.
"...citizen journalism is a way for the people to hold on to freedom of the press, even in times of oppression. In a turn of phrase that seems to be cropping up everywhere, the revolution may not be televised…but it very well could be Twittered."Yeah, right.
And entrust your heart to the winds
- Joined a cookbook club with three girlfriends. I don't think we've officially chosen a name for ourselves yet but when we do, I'll be sure to share. We've also started a Tumblr blog to record all of the recipes we try. I'll occasionally link to that as well! Tuesday night, we have our first dinner where we get to share the recipes we've tried over the past few weeks from Deborah Madison's "Greens Cookbook." Greens is a wildly popular vegetarian restaurant here in SF down at Fort Mason. Everything I've tried from the book has been superb! At our dinner, we'll choose a new cookbook for next month. My, our boyfriends are lucky...KTW has gladly tried all of my recipes and offers helpful tips like "mmm" or "this is awesome!"
VI: DRAFT BEERS: OUR LIQUID, DAILY BREAD, ON TAP AT RICH O’S AND SPORTSTIME.
there were fresh beat countdowns on calendars.
(16 papers 12x12 + 36 elements)
The Lord is gracious and slow to anger
Can you believe you will be full term later this week?? As of Friday, I was 2cm dialated (up from 1cm the week before) and have been having lots of fun cramping and contractions since the weekend. I am also 99% sure I began losing my mucus plug Saturday night (sorry, I feel gross even typing that word!) While I realize labor could still be awhile from now, all these things have me feeling really anxious to get everything ready for your arrival. It seriously feels so surreal that you are going to be here, in my arms, in a matter of a couple weeks. It's so close, but I am having a hard time really wrapping my head around it!
Well done Catherine, please contact us at admin@digidoodleshop.com for your prize. Please be sure to claim your prize before our next challenge begins.
Lucy parts a frayed curtain and looks into the next room at the man sitting at her father's desk. It is a shock. The resemblance is uncanny, eerie. For a moment she feels like a little girl again, the little girl who came into this very room and found her father dead, sitting where that man is now. Lucy looks down at herself and sees that she is not that little girl at all anymore. This man can't be her father -- but he looks so like him.
Inside there is a long bar as you enter, and the whole pub is one room, essentially an elongated L shape. The bar is light and airy, painted in white and with lots of light wood on display. Its homely and busy and there is only one member of staff behind the bar.
The Committee first met by conference call on July 15. The Terms of Reference given by the Assembly of Bishops were reviewed, and the Committee formally structured. The Committee noted that several of the identified fields imply future collaboration with other Committees of the Assembly of Bishops.
But Ya Gotta. Every day. That’s who you are, that’s what you like, that’s how you are going to get finished.
Anyway, I can vouch that they are freaking delicious because I ate six yesterday. Afternoon. As a snack. On a rest day. They're good, ok? They remind me of Reese's thanks to the PB/Chocolate combo.
Know More About Double Your Vertical Leap
She is charged with first-degree murder, and any juror who couldn’t recommend death would be disqualified.
Well, there’s only one Cameron, that's for sure! His character is his strength, and he really is a character; one of those once seen, never forgotten types. Despite his lazy tendencies, he’s razor sharp and has charm in abundance. He’d make a wonderful salesperson and is a natural leader. It wouldn't surprise me if he ended up famous; maybe a captain of industry or on the TV as a celebrity chef.
Nice of the Villagers to finally notice. This column didn’t get near the attention it should have.
–no melee/ranged classes…every class has both. eg: on my Ele, I could change to dagger/dagger and Earth attunement to fight in melee.
The door opened softly, and closed behind the person who had come in. She couldn’t see him properly. The room was lit only by the light from outside, and the green glow of the monitors. But it appeared to be a man, dressed in white scrubs. His name badge hung down from the breast pocket, obscured.
This morning we all spent our time out in the garden cutting the lawn, trimming some hedging and gathering up the fallen leaves into black bags ready to make some lovely leaf mulch - 12 big black bagfuls.
As before, there’s the lovely Glymm bow tied around the package and the product info card was decorated with flowers. I have yet to see any flowers in April, but one can hope. Upon opening the box, a very nice fragrance spills out – I’m not quite sure how to describe it but it was undoubtedly coming from one of the items.
I’m really tired of the things these drug companies try to sell us for all kinds of things… primarily because they put people in unsafe positions. If you don’t see a doctor for a specific problem which requires real medical treatment and you take a pill tat’s a false solution, then you put your life on the line.
"Idolized".... would probably not be out of the ball park..........
I would suggest, instead, that Interpretatio-style syncretisms are more like translational realities rather than equational realities. Some might wonder what the difference is, and if it is simply a matter of semantics. But, let me give you an example from the modern world instead to show the difference. If I were to say that “Luke Skywalker is the Wesley Crusher of the Star Wars universe,” first of all, you’d probably be terrified and horrified at such a comparison, depending on whether you liked Star Wars or Star Trek better! But, if one steps back for a moment, one can see that some analogizing is going on here, but not necessarily equating. Yes, use of “is” makes it a metaphor rather than an analogy, but recall that metaphor is simply the Greek exact equivalent of the Latin term translatio, which is to say, “carrying across.” It is a manner of creating common meaning between things, but not necessarily making something completely into something else. No matter how much I say “I’m a bulldozer” in a certain situation, that does not turn me into a bulldozer. Likewise, saying that “Luke Skywalker is the Wesley Crusher of the Star Wars universe” does not make Luke into Wesley, does not suddenly mean that Dr. Crusher is his mother (and therefore is Padme Amidala), or that therefore Darth Vader or Obi-Wan Kenobi is Captain Jean-Luc Picard. It simply states that there is an analogy, and one can understand the role of the other if one is not familiar with it by this other typologically similar image. This makes of such syncretisms through Interpretatio not “soft polytheism,” as many accuse syncretism in general of being, but instead a kind of typology, early structuralism, or even archetypalism–but with the important difference of stating that these things are different, but they have certain similarities. This more metaphorical, more nuanced understanding of Interpretatio syncretisms, and of syncretism in general, is one that can be potentially very productive for modern polytheists, and can also be useful in understanding how the various ancient European peoples analogized their deities and yet still could have seen them in ways that preserved the integrity and distinctiveness of each figure. (Some didn’t, of course–Julius Caesar’s example cited above, for example; but, the on-the-ground altar inscriptions often did do this in a more thorough and attentive manner.)
“He’s coming after us!” Manny shouted a warning.
Even some guests we would regularly see turned out to be quite predictable. Unless you’re returning to the same bar for a certain MD or with a particular purpose, things can get very boring.
I can't believe I didn't get pictures.
Having said that, here are some of the people who did not make the list for some reason or another:
I became curious about so many of the patterns and meanings spending hours pouring over books and patterns. Next, I became obsessed with creating an Underground Railroad quilt to raffle off at my book launch in April. But I wanted to keep one to display at signings and libraries and well, just to have.
Consider your skin tone when selecting cosmetics
Funny and completely out of context is the story with the names. Here in Colombia almost everyone has four names (two names and two surnames). Well when they heard my name, they asked me “That’s all!?” or “Isn’t that a bit boring!?” or something like that “What do you do, if you have a double ganger, a person with the same name”…Well in fact I do have a third name and many persons of my nationality too, nowadays we have the trend of double names after a marriage moreover, but the names here seems to be without end. I always have the problems how to call the persons. So in the worst case I call a male person: Juan or Camilo and for the females I would guess: Ana, Angela or Maria…Well it stays difficult. But back to my third name….my third name is Anita. Whenever some of my German friends heard that name..he/she was singing “Anita,Anita” (Costa Cordalis) or just laughing over this name. But here in Colombia “Anita” actually doesn’t exist. Anita is a diminution form of Ana. So everyone was delighted over my other name and liked it very much. This was a completely different experience.
We life in a time where there are guys telling their wives that they don’t want to have children because that would mean they would need to step up to provide for their families and stop acting like children themselves.
If the High Court ultimately decides in Deputy Pringle’s favour, we may need to have at least one more referendum this year. Of course if President Elect of France, Francois Hollande has his way, then the Fiscal Compact itself may be renegotiated and then the wording of the amendment to our Constitution in the 31st May referendum – the treaty “done” in Brussels in March 2012 – would be obsolete and then we might need a third referendum. All in all, we look set to have a booming referendum business here over the next 12 months!
But I just wanted to let everyone know that they are still here, and will definately be on the move.
3) they have gone to social media week or such event and start following everyone under the hashtags regardless of who you are, if they even met you at the event and once added then never talk to you….
Please pray for me and the smoking thing SUCKING TOO!!! UGH I'm not doing well at it.
Yes, there are still many in the community who may not trust me and probably never will. I have accepted that fact. However, I will not allow their prejudices to take away from who I have been and will be. Mistakes were made. And, yes, you do learn from them. One of the lessons I have learned is to never let pride stand in the way of asking for help. Pride can be your biggest asset but it can also be your biggest enemy. However, the greatest lesson was that in order to overcome hardship and adversity, you need to have the trust and faith in yourself in order to do so.
Bugs Bunny
If the Democrats inherited any deficit, it was the 2007 deficit, the last
The bees are mine, the iron wheels,
200m Sled Sprint – with 1/2 the weight of the drag
The typographical pieces on the wall, in Johnson's intentionally childlike lettering, are quirky with a deliberate play of verbal with visual puns. His letters are full of non-sequitur sentences, rubber stamp images, Xeroxes of the famous and the not-so-famous. One of the pieces proclaims "Dear Bob. Yesterday I peed your name in a blue bottle." Another is an altered image of the French poet Rimbaud, covered with whimsical rubber stamps.
"Guess breakfast's over," I said.
Where have I been? Well, in the weeds. The weeds, you say? Oh yes. The weeds of the first three months of newborn madness. And anyone who tells you that a newborn is easy ... they're taking some heavy sedatives. Now, in all fairness, I am told, by several sources that not all newborns are under 5 pounds. Not all breastfeeding moms pump like Reeboks circa 1994. Not all nuggets latch on and start screaming incessantly. Not all peanuts scream their pants off for 5 hours a day.
Right now..
But yet there are so many extraordinarily wonderful things about this city, many arguably not found anywhere else, particularly in such close proximity. It is this density of services and culture that led me to coin the phrase Sirens of Convenience to describe the city's lure in spite of rocky shoals. So therein lies the key to understanding this whole perplexing situation: New York City is not a place of moderation, it's one of extremes, and for most, it's a Love/Hate thing. When Love overrides Hate, then you're a New Yorker. When Hate overrides Love, you don't want to live here. Or, in the case of a long-time resident, he or she may be inclined to leave.
Congratulations to the winner of Tricia Goyer's Mornings with Jesus LaTawnia! Please e-mail your address to Christen (ckrumm@litfusegroup.com)!
Wanna close Guantanamo? He does too.
My God is only as big as I let him be and
The funny thing, though, is that I’m often disappointed when I view the pictures, feeling that I didn’t adequately capture what I’d seen, which reminds me of one picture in particular. I’d just left San Simeon, CA and was driving the 22 miles on an especially scenic highway to the 101 freeway. I was stopping every half mile or so, and it took me over two hours to drive the 38 miles from San Simeon to Paso Robles!
I have never met a horse so enthusiastic about learning new things.
I am also working on getting my laptop fixed, which means I'll not only be spending more time online, but I'll have the privacy to answer comments as they come instead of, uh, never. Hooray!
You must "radiate" your intentions. Wait, don't close the page! This isn't newage mumbo-jumbo. Our bodies have been reflecting our thoughts through body language since our earliest ancenstors. So here is what you must think and feel:
- Lee was missing in this episode. I do like him, so I hope he is back in the next episode.
Tuesday afternoon, I sat down with my mentor and one of her clients, a soon-to-be published author who is firmly rooted in face-to-face networking. It makes sense: She’s a speech consultant, and so she quite naturally places a great deal of importance on personal presentation and one-on-one and group interaction…off-line. While she’s an e-mail addict and possesses a blog, a Twitter account and a personal Facebook profile, she skeptical about social networking as a way to grow her business. Why can’t she do that face to face? she asks. Why can’t those who interested in her services simply e-mail or call her? After all, she has a Web site. All of that information is readily available.
But at times the load is too heavy to bear. Sometimes you feel that since God called you, you have to do everything and be responsible for everything. You can’t.
Bærum is a large and sophisticated public library. It has published statistical data on the web since the late nineties. One of its staff members participated in the work of public library indicator committee organized by ABM. But they do not publish their own statistics in the form of indicators. Only two genuine indicators are included. These are the traditional ones: loans and visits per capita. The rest of the information is given in the form of absolute numbers: variables rather than indicators.
Oh, and they have monks chanting the entire time...yeah...sweaty, tired, and monk music - WIN! ;-) The museum was really interesting and we enjoyed the juxtaposition of our visit to the Louvre.
* Follow my blog and I'll follow yours cuz that's how it works yo
They were very different. Except in this sense, Iraq and Afghanistan were very different interventions in very different circumstances but one thing is the same in all of them which is that you had people living under the most brutal oppression and circumstances of deprivation really and I don’t think we should ever feel bad about liberating people from that situation. The circumstances in Iraq and Afghanistan are just so much bigger and there are so many other factors but in Kosovo and Sierra Leone I think we did demonstrate how if you do intervene you can give people a much better future. And if you don’t by the way as we learned in the early 90s in the Balkans when we didn’t then that is also a decision with consequences in which many people die.
I’ve been doing SAT tutoring for the past few weeks, which I absolutely adore partially due to my weird obsession with standardized tests and multiple choice tests in general (ACADEC WOOO!). I never really thought about it before, but everyone has assured me that its extremely odd and unhealthy that I like these things. Which I’m totally cool with. It also turns out that I just really love tutoring people. No clue how I’d enjoy teaching a class, but I’m a huge fan of one on one.
So, why is it that we as Christians are so seemingly ignorant or fearful of speaking of the one true God by name? Why don’t we even bother to address the Almighty by name when we pray? (I’m not talking about ending your prayer with the standard “in Jesus’ name we pray,” either. I’m speaking of truly addressing our conversations with God directly to The Almighty, clearly and intentionally by His name.) I’m certain that most of us who profess to be true “born again” Christians don’t even realize that by calling out to God, by naming Him “God,” we are not calling out to Him by name but by the essence of what He is. It would be like calling out to another person by calling them “Human.”
But however they do it, let the hiders be warned: Electronic discovery is making it a lot easier to uncover all that covert activity.
Consolidated Media Reports allow publishers to represent their total brand with additional print and digital products alongside their core circulation. If you’re looking for one or several Consolidated Media Reports, there’s a new option in e-Data to easily access these reports for newspapers, magazines and business publications.
1) Bigger Picture: My 1 week old litter of kittens, one of them is a tortoiseshell. That picture was taken today.
We BOTH want to put our families first
frame
Merkel is likely to say that the eurozone needs massive and immediate fiscal integration first – and only then, several responsibility for debt via eurobonds. Draghi would like far more action on austerity plans now, and then movement towards integration soon afterwards. Nobody knows for certain what Sarko will say. It’s highly likely that he doesn’t know himself.
I'm a bit of a snob when it comes to books. Anything that first insults my intelligence and then proceeds to teach me about something is not likely to end up on my bookshelf.
There are several magnificent churches standing tall amongst the broken homes and bombed-out looking building along my path. Few lights can be seen from the freeway, and it appears that most of these structures are abandoned.
20:00
For this notice, I suggest having this language in your boarding, doggie daycare and board and train contracts, as well as having a separate document to give to your clients at their initial intake meetings. Don’t hesitate to give them another copy when they drop their animals off. Keep a pile of extra copies right in your intake area. Printing these notices on boldly colored paper isn’t a bad idea. And there’s no harm in putting this language on your website.
I LOVE surprises, but only good ones.
* Cockiness and borderline narcissism
Brandon Baxter allegedly told the informant that destroying a bridge would cause great financial harm.
Japanese Title: 動物化するポストモダン：オタクから見た日本社会
for whatever emo fad is in.
Both Tahlia and Darby will be sitting NAPLAN tests this week. I've gotta say, this whole NAPLAN thing is tormenting me.
We sat in the truck, the boat resting on the trailer behind us, bright, refurbished and naked other than her New Jersey identification number. We threw out suggestions to each other. Bruce liked “A Fish Tale”, “Southern Comfort”, and “Crack of Dawn” (which I did not find funny). I punched his shoulder and made my own suggestions, “Dream Boat”, “Hook Line and Sinker”, “Irish Wake”, and I liked the ones named after women.
Anyway, working in the baking field didn’t turn out to be quite as wholesome and pleasant as Curt expected. And so he went back into the mechanics trade until 1983, when a friend told him about a job offer at Chicago Comm. Luckily, he landed the job and was hired primarily for cellular installations at the Elk Grove shop(pictured right, in 1983). Although it had been introduced earlier, cellular had just been released commercially, and it was starting to boom for the elite class. He says, “Back then it cost $10 the first minute to use the phone, and a dollar per minute afterwards. I remember one customer in particular mentioning him having $3,500 monthly cellular bills, (about a $7,000 phone bill now), and it was like nothing to him.”
from apathy to dependency,
Your own happiness…
Familiar things are never easy to discard
Nice, right? The first person to post the names of the three tangles used (in the Comments below) will win a little prize! (Trish and Jodi, sorry, you can't play!) ;-D
How To Act Your Calling In Information Subject
I have an email packet that I can send you which further explains all of this information including pricing, a questionnaire and a contract. If you have any additional questions, please let me know, I am happy to help!
And My sister and I have some matching CU FREEBIES just for you today too:
The current economic climate has drawn our focus to immediate needs closest to home. But now, more than ever, it’s critical to keep sight of the fact that we are part of interdependent, global community. And too many within that community cannot meet their most basic needs: food, clean water, life-saving medical treatment and vaccines.
The good news is that the UPA government has finally woken up to the rising menace of Non-Government Organisations (NGOs). The bad news is it has selectively targeted only those who are fighting against the setting up of civil nuclear plants.
* Cricut cartridge: Create a Critter
Sad thing is, when he is around he’s good with her.
Various games like the Microsoft flight simulator and so on add to the overall experience and provide good fun for everyone indulging in the game, a special feature being the helicopters.
Fear of success or fear of failure.
I'm not ready to reveal yet because things are still coming together in my mind but I will have another blog. Yes, in addition to this one. I'm not really sure what I'm doing with this one yet. Maybe I'll just put up my favorite photos or something. Time will tell.
the joke of the neighbourhood.
Again, the vast majority of us would strongly oppose a human rights organization condoning and even engaging in the mass killing of human refugees; and attempting to justify such actions by pointing to the problem of overpopulation and the potential suffering of the refugees if we don't kill them. It is speciesism that prohibits people, including many animal advocates, from recognizing the injustice in this act.
07-31 Detroit, MI – Fox Theater
Which colours are calling to you?
"I can do this," I said, as I scanned the packet and noticed that it contained most of the foods I usually eat.
When it's at its best it is like no other comic.
The bigger problem in my mind, I like to write fiction, it’s fun to come up with these little stories people will read, but I haven’t done much of anything since NaNoWriMo last year. I used to always come up with a few complete parts or short stories even if I couldn’t get something longer working. I used to have many ideas for longer storylines constantly, but I am not really thinking in that way anymore because I haven’t written in such a long time.
in certain aspects of our lives.
Problem number four: the artwork. I figured with the sleeve looking like one big blur, it would be easy to assemble the artwork. Not so, for there are several distinct lines and forms, and 50poundnote struggled to weld both sides together while reconstructing the small portion that runs across the spine. Also, we wanted to include the shot of the band from the Canadian gatefold. The fold from the spine runs right through Bernard's face, making it difficult to photochop out. 50poundnote has a large poster of this photo hanging in his home, but when he went to photograph it, he discovered the seam was there too. Seems they simply copied the single for the poster as well. Truly LULZ-worthy.
Took back mango drink with hashima - a great day I had that made me really happy :-)
Leaving us with so many questions
Six NTC mills are lying closed, ie 66.87 acres, and is not sold yet. We must act before this asset too is lost to the city.
I started this blog with the intention of posting book reviews with the occasional article in between, since I'm not able to post reviews fast enough to do them all the time.
This non-stop, high-startle event captures the very latest in haunted house technology to guarantee an experience unlike any other.
affairs.
Selling or rather creating a product that is easy to sell takes a number careful consideration and the abiility to make the right choices and execute! It's about .. NAd this is what we show you " how to execute"-
With your purchase Connie will also put your name in for her giveaway of a beautiful Scentsy warmer and 3 bars of wax. Another one of my favorite indulgences!
At this point, we have to throw down Skill Cards to either help Mink stay out of the brig, or to throw him in. I throw down cards (two blue cards) to keep him out. Most people pass, not really wanting to waste their cards, and then Andrew… throws down his entire hand.
As you can tell, we cursed a bit on my playground. And to be honest, everything I learned about character I learned from my father first – life just has a way of reinforcing its truths. And it’s really never more honest than it was in the beginning, before people start holding their tongues to stay polite.
Enjoy your weekend!
It's Open Mic night in my area and I am reminded of how I love Open Mic abroad experiences. Over the past five years as hubby and I have traveled around the country or abroad we seem to find these venues. He gets four weeks vacation in his job, and we use it.
** Enter another one of my giveaways (found on the right) Each giveaway you enter counts as an extra entry!!
Well that was a giant mess made wasn’t it. And I have no more but the half glass that was left over after the spill.
—his sarcastic commentaries,
Just to clarify, we are accepting crystal clear as white and as it's almost the same as turquoise, aqua or aquamarine is allowed. You can also use AB finishes. But no other colours please!
His platform moves him to the oposite side of the room, where he encounters 5 people on a similar platform surrounded by cardboard walls and crowded with plastic furniture. They move about anxiously trying the extend their limbs in an effort to dance in this clausterphobic space. A change in the music, they realize the ludicrous of their spatial containment, and begin tearing down the cardboard walls, spraynig bits of paper and glitter everywhere, throwing the plastic furniture, and utterly obliterating the maufactured walls holding them in. Now they can dance! I think at this point in the show I thought to myself, wow... performing in something like this day after day is way more than a job, way more than a workout, way more than a performance even... its a daily celebration of life and human liberty!
Guelphspeaks is a no-baloney overview of the city politic.
you might judge
At some point in this endlessly spiraling disaster, I am forced to throw all of my energy into trying to be an adult again, just to dig myself out of the pit I've fallen into. The problem is that I enter this round of attempted adulthood already burnt out from the last round. I can't not fail.
Favorite video game- Skylanders
The day is passed, the last cup of tea is experienced. We give thanks for what today has brought about, lessons has been learned, experiences rich and joyful.
“There is no pit so deep, that God's love is not deeper still."
Jesus replied, “Blessed are you, Simon son of Jonah, for this was not revealed to you by man, but by my Father in heaven.”
Ron Goetz posted a comment elsewhere that reminded me of the works of Walter Schmithals on Paul’s letters. The one I have read most of, Paul & the Gnostics, is not the easiest of reads but is packed densely with detailed argument and detailed references to the scholarship of his day. But it does force one to re-think what is commonly written or assumed in other studies on Galatians.
1/8 teaspoon red pepper
I'm always surprised when someone asks for my "applesauce recipe". Really, there's nothing to making applesauce, it's just smooshed apples! Yet I am biased because I admit that my applesauce tastes very different than everyone else's. I really can't stand storebought applesauce; I only get it when I need something non-perishable for a trip or a recipe calls for it as an ingredient.
Neha Alawadhi, The Hindu, Nov 1, 2010
You, creator of stylish, should never be afraid
MAC Lustre Lipstick in Viva Glam Gaga
Adapted from a Leo Tolstoy’s novel, L’ARGENT is the last film written and directed by legendary French director Robert Bresson. A provocative meditation on the consequences of violence on a man’s life, this socially engaged crime drama presents crime as a dramatic consequence of the ineluctability of class violence.
