Door shut, locked and key thrown away never to be found again. It left me feeling like I did something wrong and only after weeks of self destruction, I realized it was his loss not mine. And I can’t leave out all the random creepers online who reached out their hands with offerings of truck shows, shooting ranges and pig skinning.
and don't worry if you didn't have time to join in with this months challenge - please still vote as it is very much appreciated.
I love daisies so much that when I was pregnant with my daughter I wanted to call her Daisy. I thought it a beautiful name and that it would be perfect for my beautiful daughter but alas my Hubby had quite a different association in his mind.
One of my nurses was in an orientation of sorts. She'd been a nurse for a long while, but never in L&D. She was being shadowed by another L&D nurse and I was their patient for the night. LOVELY!!! It truly was.
About.
4. Divide the mix between the cases and bake for about 15 minutes.
Making Blogs Private or Public
You won't be disappointed!
Prof Nina Kraus, who led the research, said: “The bilingual’s enhanced experience with sound results in an auditory system that is highly efficient, flexible and focused in its automatic sound processing, especially in challenging or novel listening conditions.”
Ladies and gentlemen, The Hunger Games has been dethroned from the bestseller list by porno fan fic. Yes, you read that right. It’s loosely based off of the Twilight franchise, was featured on the Today show and is being peddled as “mommy porn.” Oh and the author looks like this:
Help us help you stand up for your right to know and freedom to choose which vaccines that you consider necessary, safe and effective enough to use.
While I take all your jewels.
I am drifting through life and trying not to care.
First up in our battle of the bad-credit bad-asses, iiiiin the red corner, coming to us from Moultire, Georgia, it's the Credit MacDaddy of Georgia Car Credit!
To meet the theoretic challenge of a new stage of cognition, one has to have full confidence in the masses, not only as force but as Reason–that is to say, confidence that their movement from practice as a form of theory does, indeed, signify that they can participate in the working out of a new theory. That is exactly what was lacking in the leadership in Grenada as they debated so-called “leadership methods” instead of the dialectical methodology which flows from a philosophy of revolution. Without that, leaders inevitably fell into the trap of hanging onto one or another state power.
30-something: What do you mean you don’t have a car? You want me to pick you up? Um, yeah, this ain’t gonna work.
Another funny memory, the boys had gone to the Bodies Exhibit downtown and the girls headed off to the movies for the afternoon. That night we all met up at Sweet Tomatoes for dinner. After we finished up, we all walked out the door only to realize that Little Man hadn't followed us out the door. I turned around and tried to open the door to get him but it was an "Exit Only" door and it was locked. He stood there at the door, just staring at us and eating an ice cream. He had no plans of leaving until he finished his ice cream. A nice man finally opened the door and I was able to retrieve him.
intuition without depth
Sun-AM: 1:21, 3000' ~ 2nd Flatiron+Green Mt.
(Please note: in the interest of time and clarity, and in keeping in alignment with traditional speaker introductions, these Shining family introductions will be gathered and read by me... :)
“There came a point when I came back from America when I saw my country from the outside for the first time and I started to not want to be German at all. I felt I was German but different. I was born in Munich but moved eight or nine times as a kid, so I saw how various parts of Germany are so different from each other.
Those walkable downtowns are where our natural allies live. Some of them don't own cars. Some keep the car in the driveway all the time. Some curse their cars every time they get behind the wheel. The people who live in between are the ones who tend to vote for sprawl boosters like Nan Hayworth.
reveal our hearts
The patchwork of love is feeling stretched and frayed once again on this good day. As I watch those around me making transitions for better lives for themselves and their children, I could not help but reflect and meditate on my choices for my son’s life and my own.
Kim said something the other day about friends. She said that she doesn't think that it really works too well to have a lot of acquaintances. She thinks that a friendship requires lots of time to grow and survive, and with the time we have in this life, you either make a lot of acquaintances, or have a few friends. I guess I'm trying it both ways to see what works for me.
Recently, I picked up a little gadget to help make that task more attractive and less smelly. A counter top composter like this one:
Keep an eye out for our clubhouse members as they begin to appear over the coming week. Oh, and do add the following to your sidebars, readers and bookmarks, because these sites are about to become your first stop for any news involving any of the following tabloid newspapers:
Hosted by Independence Brewing to benefit the Austin Parks Foundation
Next year it shot up a long joint of new growth, and the following year another joint, still longer. You can always tell how old a fir tree is by counting the number of joints it has.
One could look through old cookbooks and not see a thing of relevance for today's kitchen (think salad molds, Crisco, and steak tartare). However, amongst the gems I took home, including Melting Pot of Mennonite Cookery 1874-1974, BH&G's Heritage Cookbook (1975), The Art of Cooking and Serving (1937), and The Margaret Rudkin Pepperidge Farm Cookbook (1963), I found endless old-time recipes for basic, simple dishes, and some not-so-simple dishes that take a cook's intuition to figure out (love those kitchen-riddles).
I was actually the one vacuuming. My Sweets is working around the house, repainting and getting ready for the warmer weather. I ran out and bought a new Kenmore 12 gal. wet dry vac. It is wonderful! When they worked on our C trap they knocked a hole in the wall to find the water line. They have these tacky plastic door covers but he had to patch around it and put some new drywall and texture. A day project became a three day project! But the updates are nice.
I have studied creative writing for fifteen years and used my storytelling experience garnered as a Hollywood film editor and script doctor to write this first of a series novel.
Aunt Mabel does not really exist, of course, but if she did she might look something like this.
Lesson four of the same subject: Horse acts like it has NO CLUE what you want, has never met you before, and throws tantrums, overreacts to every move you make, and leaves you shaking your head and wondering if perhaps the horse banged it's head in the stall overnight and it's brain turned to mush and somehow leaked out of it's ears. Lesson four is usually ended by doing something - no...ANYTHING with the horse that you can be successful at doing. Like something so basic that the horse can't do anything BUT do what you've asked it to do.
The reason for this is simple, and it has something to do with the 8.5% ABV rating printed on this bottle's label (which, I've soon realised, is no typing error) and it also has something to do with the fact that this high strength does little or nothing to stop you popping rapidly back for more and more sips.
i don’t blame you. this isn’t much of an introduction. but it’s also not much of a story.
Face proud her eyes glued to my cock
I did work. I snuck a peek at the Chester Vase. I was dimly aware that Andy Coulson was saying things to Lord Leveson which seemed to be making people on Twitter snigger and make naughty Rebekah Brooks jokes. And then I, rather randomly, followed a link to MOMENTOUS NEWS. I mostly shun the erratic use of capital letters, preferring the quiet dignity of italics. But sometimes capitals are the only things which will do, and this is one of those times.
Interrogatory No. 6
Identity
That's all for today. xxo
Fotheringham spends a lot of time dwelling on the earthy details of life in the forest, and much of this works very well. However, the book never achieves the right pitch. Considering the power of the various storylines–love found and lost, parental deaths, the struggle to live off the land, the destruction of plastics–I was not terribly engaged by it. I felt kept at a distance from the characters and their heartaches, and I believe this has to do with one particular plot point–the big reveal–having been kept secret in the wrong ways. It ends with what I felt was a deus ex machina–a gimmick for which some of the emotional resonances were sacrificed.
This means three things are likely true. One, the Obama campaign disabled the verification system. The verification system is turned on on web sites that accept credit cards, by default. I used to manage the website for the Texas Republican Party, so I know this from personal experience. Someone had to take the action of turning it off on the Obama site. Two, the Obama campaign can accept donations without the identity of the donor being positively verified. Three, not only can people in foreign countries donate to the Obama campaign in violation of federal campaign law, so apparently can identity thieves who have access to stolen credit card numbers. People who do not know that their credit cards have been compromised may not notice small amounts in the $3 dollar donation range that the Obama campaign has been targeting, when such donations show up on their statements.
We have several time zones in the US, but I would offer that there is more than 1 in France. There is GMT+1 all over the country, and GMT +1.5 to GMT+2 in the region of Paris.
We loved to live, and we both knew that it was important to suffer to live. We lived together in fast times when having something meant that we had to abuse it. You wouldn’t disagree with me if I said that it was probably a malady specific to our adolescence. Despite that immaturity, I am an older man now and I still find myself tangled up in you, still naked to your eyes, still aching for the feel of your flesh.
Now I have to confess that I liked the book. I did. It was entertaining. Fresh. And clever. (Although I still can't look taxi drivers in the eye.)
12 am: Doors close.
Subsequent to this productive and enlivening morning, my evening was spent attending one of my final Kevin Jackson Masterclasses. I think our scene is coming together very strongly – Kevin praised us for hitting our thoughts on the lines rather that “daylighting”, for listening and reacting to one another, and for the shared musicality in our performance (because we were listening and connecting and working off one another). It’s so wonderful to be working with my scene partner Shaun (who just recently stumbled upon this blog – Hi Shaun!) and I am very much looking forward to our public presentation on Sunday!
Good luck to all of you! :)
Reading Alice we can only wonder if this is a failing of living writers or a necessary characteristic of literature itself to which they are admirably faithful. Perhaps the failing is that writers do not strive more determinedly for Mehr Nicht (rather than Mehr Licht). What does it mean to acknowledge the limits of writing? After his own wandering in the wilderness, Kafka concluded, “Moses fails to enter Canaan not because his life is too short but because it is a human life."
I’m interested to know if any of you have had this kind of experience. When I mentioned it to a couple of my dance and movement teachers, they gave a decidedly “duh” response, because it was already obvious to them. Maybe I’ve just been a little slow.
2) “Blackbriar” is ______
Attacks (Range) – Along the same lines of the movement spend Good points to achieve your goal. For every inch you are away (pre-measuring is allowed) it costs that amount of Good from your pot. You then have to decided how much bad you want to cause; this then comes out of you Good pot. Then it is simply a roll of the D20 to see if you hit.
I can feel your envy over the web universe.
Through the eye of a rich man’s needle.
Experience shows that the “B” player will move up into the “A” category in about 12 months, where the “D” player will take at least 2 years. So, according to the above, if we put into both an investment of $10K/yr in training, then the “B” player will be selling at the rate of $2mm at the start of the second year, making you an additional $150K in margin than before, which is quite a handsome return.
Nicolaitanes were known for their lascivious life style, for false
It certainly seems to be a trend in western Europe that there are more singletons living alone. I’m not sure that has changed much in Ireland, but whereas in times past, the bachelor son or spinster daughter might remain in the parental home, these days it is not unusual for them to have their own place.
PSS. The Foodie Talk Studio is moving next week and the week after I will be in Mexico City tasting tacos so no LIVE SHOW until Nov. 18th.
O’Grady
This week we had a delightful visitor from Germany. A spunky 22 year old named Elisabeth. She graced us for 3 whole days. We had lively conversations about culture, politics, life, love and all the rest.... AND wine with dinner EVERY night! I think I may reinstate the wine with dinner policy... But I digress... I find it fascinating that her parents are younger than me by 4 years and her youngest sib is 14 years old. And we, me and the old man have a 5 year old. It just struck me as funny. She was here because she is a pen pal to our good friend and ex client GW who lives on death row. She had an opportunity to come and meet him, and she took it. Thank God she did because we made a new friend in the process and she is just precious. She came here on a learning expedition of sorts and to meet her pen pal. She had lots of adventures and met lots of new friends in the process and I think she knows Florida better than I do now! She's amazing! I cannot imagine going to a foreign country alone at that age and visiting a maximum security prison! Counting on the kindness of strangers and driving a rental all over the place on my own. Kids these days! So that was a fun and exhilarating whirlwind visit... unfortunately at my age, that also means exhausting! We have more visitors coming from Ireland and somewhere else across the sea to visit inmates also. These are the kindest most loving people you will meet. Anyway, we are looking forward to that and I'm trying to rest up for the next round of visits.
Is your husband working overtime or looking for a job?
So, yeah. I think actually most of what I have for the rest of the story is full of gaps. I have a bit that leads into the last part of the story, it was actually the origin of the whole thing. In its first incarnation it was a dream, and I was the character I’ve turned into Natalie:
This painting is SOLD.
2. The internal Lebanese conflict: Since its inception as a nation-state, Lebanon has consistently been plagued by sectarian violence, as the seventeen-odd communities within it vie for autonomy and autocracy. Despite the greatest hopes of the international community, the Lebanese government has historically failed to meet one certain expectation: the ability to wield centralized control of the country and to impliment policy. In the fifties, Christians and Muslims bloodied each other in the streets. In the seventies, with the addition of the Palestinian factor (most importantly, the P.L.O. - for more, click here), Lebanon dissolved into clannish factions each with its own armed militia and each providing its community with largely autonomous public works. Following the Israeli invasion of 1982, and the assassination of Bashar Gemayel, the government of Beirut was effectively held hostage by it's larger neighbour, Syria.
and design work
There's nothing holy or saintly about the Jews that prevents them from killing, be it for Jerusalem or for lesser causes. They have killed innocents for Deir Yassin; they have blown women, children and elderly people into smithereens for Haifa; they have even massacred farmers returning home on their bikes for the sake of keeping a curfew. Why wouldn't they kill for Jerusalem? In fact they did -- or how does Wiesel think that East Jerusalem was illegally occupied by Israel?
2- The sound echos of chantings show that it was in a confined studio and not in public square.
But don’t take it from me. Come out to Calgary’s inaugural Birds and Beers on Thursday, May 10, 2012. We’ll be meeting at the Joyce on Fourth Irish Pub at 7:00 PM, and I definitely hope to see you and many others in Calgary’s birding community out there!
We’re each other’s baby.
To mark their closure I have compiled a list of my top 5 documentaries that I have watched on current and I hope you will all watch them, as well as many others docs, because in the words of current “Why have fiction, when you can have fact”
Anyhoo, and with apologies to those of the Three Regular Readers who have sensitive stomachs, I pretty much had my say about Bartholomew Ahern in ABSOLUTE ZERO COOL. To wit: There being no ‘Family Guy’ to be found on any of the 94 channels available, Cass and I watch a documentary recreation of the latest scandal from the Middle East, which is the assassination of a carload of suspected terrorists by an air-to-ground missile fired from an unmanned drone airplane. An operator, sitting deep in the bowels of a destroyer, controls the drone and launches the rocket.
Our host, Celain, was a delight. One afternoon, he drove us to two of his favorite wineries and introduced us to the owners. He also gave us a tour of the grounds of the Chateau, caves and wells going back hundreds of years.
Spokesperson:'Yes certainly no more than that.I mean I have been known to leave as much as 20% on occasion, if I'm very impressed, but no not today.Service yes,food,no...'
‘Good. What’s that?’
The financial foundations upon which the Club operates have been strengthened with the conversion into equity of £304.9m in shareholder loans. A further £135.8m of new equity was issued during the financial year and post year-end a further £53.2m of new equity was issued. As we continue to invest in all areas of the Club, we do so virtually debt free – with only £36m of long term commercial bank debt following the conversion of shareholder loans into equity during the year.
"Yes, YOU, the boy with the soon-to-be-straightened tie, WHAT?"
The contest rules are:
The point here is not let "time" -- that is, "no time" since we all live busy-busy lives -- take charge. If it's a priority, there's time. And if it's not a priority? Well, that's okay. But if it is a priority? There's time.
13. What a Shame About Me
Acceptable alterations include modifications of steering head angle
Finally, the event space down at George's Dock in Dublin's financial quarter has been given a use worthy of its potential. I've reported before on the so-so Oktoberfest that happens down here, and last weekend Irish beer got a look-in for the first time as the Carlow Brewing Company put together the first St Patrick's Craft Beer Festival.
Now we’re not the type of girls that go out partying every weekend. We’re way too poor for that kind of habit. So, needless to say, there are a couple of things that I learned from this experience:
SUMMER READING AMBASSADORS
Just when all seemed hopeless, District Engineer Samuel Duff came to the rescue. He had been working on getting the flames under control from the lower floor and finally calmed the fire enough on the stairway so that the two families could pass.
The museum itself was full of interesting things to see, once we tackled the stairs. The mummified cat and vampire-hunting kit stood out the most to me. I also thought the Iron Lady was interesting to see, although I jumped out of my skin when it opened up as I read the description! Some rooms were too scary for the little kids and Derek freaked out. The really dark rooms and the pirate area scared him a lot. Alex liked most everything. The manatee made entirely of soda cans stood out to her. Ethan liked the beaded snake.
Oh, my. How time flies. I had every intention of scheduling posts for this week and totally forgot. Today's post is a quick update using lots of PTI goodness. I made this card on Friday during a rare "ignore the family and stamp"-a-thon where I got 5, yes FIVE, cards done that are actually blog-worthy. Colour me shocked. This first one is not my favorite, but it is perfect for this week's MIM challenge of using heat embossing. I love the gold sentiment on Enchanted Evening. And I love the academic look.
Corey
Soon as she saw the terrible boy, then burst the virgin cry:
Next we have 2. Habits and discipline. A big Reason People Fail at Time Management is that their daily activities are counter productive. Take for instance the worker who arrives at work and checks her e-mail before she does anything else. The e-mails not only take time, but they allow other people to set your agenda for the day. Their priorities win over yours and your Map is rendered worthless for the rest of the day. If you know waiting until later to check your e-mail is the right thing to do, you must exercise discipline to follow through.
Overall Enchanted lived up to my excitement. I read it as a fantasy, and that way, I enjoyed it greatly. Sunday and Rumbold's relationship did read as a bit too insta-love for my taste but again, when I thought of Enchanted as a fairy tale, I went along with it all, and really enjoyed the story as a whole.
The pieces are moved:
Title: The Upside of Down
7. Place roti on the dry hot griddle, rolled side down. Cook until bubbles begin to form on surface. Check underside to look for brown spots. Flip over.
We use so many common expressions that we rarely stop to wonder where they originated. Phrases such as “Hell is paved with good intentions” or “Virtue is its own reward” are common wisdom and now Julian Baggini has written Should You Judge This Book by Its Cover? 100 Fresh Takes on Familiar Sayings and Quotations ($15.95, Counterpoint, softcover) in which the acclaimed philosopher challenges the reader to think again about well-worn sayings and phrases that we use every day. Is it always best to practice what you preach? Or to do in Rome as Romans do? Is it better to be safe than sorry? Not just a reference book, but an interesting collection of short, stimulating capsules of defiantly clear thinking that will energize your intellect while thoroughly entertaining you. A clever little book, Do Not Interrupt: A Playful Take on the Art of Conversation, by Stephen Kuusisto ($14.95, Sterling) examines the do’s and don’ts of conversation. Lovers of language and communication skills will greatly enjoy this examination of the difference between merely talking with someone else and actually having a stimulating conversation.
The Devil’s Footprint and the White Mare of Gormire
Sin lieth at the door, they say –
Let me explain what I mean by genre: a set of common basic ingredients and techniques. And when I say basic, I mean basic. I think of pizza as a genre of food, wherein a topping of some sort--typically involving fat and vegetables or meat--is cooked on top of a yeasted bread as the bread bakes (simultaneity is crucial, by the way; sorry Englsih muffin pizza of my youth). Does this create some overlap with other food genres, pies and tarts for example? Sure, but there are more distinctions than overlaps.
Man, I know that makes me sound ungrateful and cold-hearted, but you will get so. much. stuff. that you don't need and if you aren't ruthless with your keep/go away decisions, you'll end up with a house full of baby stuff that is never used and that you'll be desperately trying to sell at your Aunt Judy's annual garage sale and/or possibly on an episode of "Hoarders" in a few years.
Thanks again for your support.
OK, I couldn't stop myself. Here are a couple more for the CAS-ual Fridays movie challenge. I guess you can tell I'm loving this challenge.
Looking at the situation from the human condition seems impossible. Year after year; decade after decade; century after century even stretching into millenniums, the human race was never faithful to God. Yet the love of God carried no bitterness, it harbored no ill will, it showed no restraint, but freely gave that we might be redeemed.
And I keep thinking about us being all ‘Abu Dhabi’s Up’ together one day, knocking out this little beauty on tut karaoke; when we’re loaded and travelling on the tails of the ‘Norwich version’ of – Sex and The City (goes Norfolk)
Last night I made cupcakes and brownies (with and without nuts) and prepped some appetizers.
“So one of the men who have accompanied us during all the time that the Lord Jesus went in and out among us, beginning from the baptism of John until the day when he was taken up from us–one of these men must become with us a witness to his resurrection.” (Act 1:21-22)
I truly do not think Mitt Romney knows what he says until he says it. Then someone has to tell him he's done it again, committed a faux pas.
The Tech Trends lesson plan is written using standards set by the state of Tennessee for the area of study pertaining to Interactive Multimedia. The lesson plan is written to prove student’s knowledge and mastery of the subject of Copyright and Plagiarism.
Stagecoach
she can command it. I love watching her films.
Of these recent mega-hits, the ones I find most requested nowadays at wedding receptions are "I Gotta Feeling," "Yeah," "Irreplaceable," "Gold Digger," and "Low." Of course, I always play the clean edits of these songs.
The mystery surrounding reports of “giant skeletons” has always intrigued and fascinated me. Specifically, how it seemed to be a common ocurrence that human-like bone remains, often of giant proportions, were known for popping up everywhere in the mid-to-late 1800s, as featured in reports like these:
Six ideas on how to reinvent your favorite white dress:
DLP
Wilson CB, Remington JS, Stagno S, et al. Development of adverse sequelae in children born with subclinical congenital toxoplasma infection. Pediatrics 1980; 66: 767-774.
In the midst of this pain, is a new, and likely to be repetitive problem, unless I come up with a better plan–some kind of well-defined mission statement…
into the bathroom, closet, shower, hall, down the stairs.
Learn this lesson about the current economic climate. You can’t trust your feelings to gauge the times so you should follow these basic strategies so that you can safely ride out the business cycles that you will experience throughout your life. Many of the people around you will be reacting improperly because they do not understand the business cycle. When investing the rule is to buy low and sell high. This sounds easy but will cut against your feelings because the best time to buy will be when prices are falling.
The underskirt was ripped out of another dress that I've had for over a year now and never worn. Maybe I'll wear it soon...
In other words: the MF apologist must begin with the assumption that the probability of a resurrection given our background knowledge (i.e., that the Bible is not true) is not zero and is therefore possible. For example, Lydia McGrew asserts on page 2 that “…and this is true because the probability that the resurrection took place is virtually nil if there is no God and higher if there is.”
I have been on an online colloquium for the past two weeks discussing a paper on the issue of boundary violations among those who work psychoanalytically.
Type: Androids
Believe it or not, that doesn't always work.
I had just spent a year in Ecuador and had come home for the first time to meet my nephew and spend Christmas with my family. But, to make life a little more interesting (and by that, I mean stressful) Steven and my sister's boyfriend were coming to Colorado to meet the fam.
Sameshima will stop by the demonstration too. He said he is grateful to get a diploma but sad that many of his peers won’t be recognized at all. He also wishes USC had acted earlier, before his wife and daughter died.
The Rethinking Everything Conference is one I've had my eye on for several years, and came very close to attending as a regular ol' attendee a couple of years ago when Daniel Quinn (author of Ishmael and Beyond Civilization among other books) was speaking, but ultimately it was just outside my budget. So I was truly thrilled (and honored) to be invited to attend this year as a speaker! I'm greatly looking forward to being part of this conference, now in it's 16th year, that has the aim of "Exploring our lives in brave new ways, supporting radically empowered birthing, gentle parenting, sustainability, unschooling and self-design, entrepreneuring, super enlightened wellness and sexuality, and lots more." Click below to see the bios of all the speakers and the talks they're doing:
Pirates have off on Thursday and Start a 3 game set with St. Louis in a battle for the Divison lead.
“What about your friend E?”
Participants include representatives of pilot companies from cement, iron and steel, and power industries: Holcim, Merpati Balap Sakti, Indonesia Power Gunung Salak, Siemens Indonesia, Indonesia Power (Suralaya), Jawa Power, Indo Raya Kimia.
Or maybe not…
Skífan is the largest music store in Reykjavík. It carries every sort of music from both Icelandic and foreign musicians and bands. Large collection of country, classical, pop and rock music along with all sorts of other kind of music. The shop also sells PC and Playstation games and DVDs of all sorts.
It was lovely to let the hens out today after the constant rain we have had recently, and even better to discover that I could still keep an eye on them when I am up in my attic doing a bit of writing. I've never noticed that before as when I get to my desk, I hardly move until I have finished what I am working on.
When I drink from a tea bowl from 1780 or sit on a chair made in 1850, I’m intimately connected to history. I’m a part of it — as we all are — but attaching myself, physically and emotionally, only to the shiny and new, is too seductive. It de facto erases the past; an “old” cellphone may be barely six months past its date of production.
No one in Yamhill Government will discuss the old landfill as the landfill has already been closed and has regulated through DEQ and I suspect that as long as their approved long range plan is followed, liability is limited.
Then Jeremiah gets to the heart of the issue. He lodges his complaint against the people. They were told the truth, but then they mocked it. Jeremiah is pleading his case. He did what was asked. He followed God’s direction. The people didn’t respond. As a result, he asked God to deal with the folks who acted wrongly. He asked that God not move against him because the people failed to respond. Yes, Jeremiah even prayed for their destruction, seemingly in conflict to saying he didn’t wish upon them “the day of sickness.” There are a few interpretations for this. The first is that though Jeremiah didn’t want it to happen, he knew it was a necessity and pleaded for God to take action. In other words, getting rid of the bad influences so the rest of God’s people wouldn’t be influenced. A second is that Jeremiah simply wasn’t going to raise his own hand. He would rely on God to administer justice as He saw fit. A third is that when Jeremiah went to the people, he sought what was best for them (unlike another prophet, Jonah, who didn’t want to see a single Assyrian receive mercy). However, their response caused him to realize that they had chosen to align against God and therefore Jeremiah asks for a swift and complete destruction. Whichever the explanation may really be, what we can take from Jeremiah’s prayer is that Jeremiah didn’t try and avenge the wrongs done to him and to God. He left it in the hands of God. Therefore, we see the appropriate response when we are treated wrongly:
“Yes! I sure could use some help, God,” I thought to myself. I began wishing for emergency pull cords dangling down from heaven that were strategically placed in perilous spots. When we felt ourselves falling, or even if we’d already crashed to the floor we could just instinctively grab onto one and God would come running. After a few minutes it dawned on me. Isn’t that what faith is? But of course! How much easier it would be if faith were something tangible like an emergency pull cord. And how much easier it would be to have faith if we could actually SEE God with our human eyes, if we could physically be hugged in his arms. These were my thoughts as I managed to pull myself together enough to turn the shower off and finish getting ready.
Books with strong female protagonists, who also show their vulnerabilities, face tribulations, though sometimes with some reluctance, and conquer their inner demons are too few and far between. Thank goodness a friend recommended this book, lest this incredible author should go unnoticed by me. Forgotten is that good friend you welcome with open arms, sharing a world of life, strife and triumphs, with a few tears and good laughs along the way. Forgotten is, well, memorable.... for all that is good and warm and strong in fiction.
I could go on all day but there the mains. Her latest love is of course Justin Bieber! I wish I could have got it on video but yesterday she started saying baby (bee-bee) after hearing his 'baby baby baby' song. She even tries to say Bieber which comes 'barbar'
(Text Box comment Page 13)
“Keep moving,” she told the red-shirted guard. “We need to find a way out.”
Then he got up off the bench and down on one knee and took something out of his pocket and told me that he doesn't have much, but everything he has is mine...and...
And it was not just the protesters who were attacked. During the course of the evening and long after the EDL protesters had left Birmingham, gangs of Asians continued to prowl around in cars and on foot looking for lone white males to assault and prove their superiority over.
The question, of course, is whether a screen that big on a phone is actually a good idea. After all, phones go in our pockets or purses, they’re held in our hands and to our faces, where huge devices may not necessarily be a benefit. And as we’ve seen already, large screens consume more battery power.
15 Free (or Almost Free) Wi-Fi Security Testing Tools – Attempting to “hack” into your own wireless network can help you better understand Wi-Fi security vulnerabilities and how to protect against them.
#christianfiction
I am not in the best physical condition, and this book has motivated me to get out and try to do something about that—for the kingdom, as well as for me. I encourage every believer who struggles with food or the unwillingness to exercise to read this book. It’s written in a nonjudgmental way, but will remind us that we are created for a purpose and we can better serve this purpose if we are physically fit. Discussion questions are included at the end of the book making it ideal for small groups. $14.99. 241 pages.
::sigh::
Even though he died three years ago, at times like this I miss him terribly. He was intensely alive, right to the end. With a huge enthusiasm for many things, he focused his life-long interest on restorative justice, alternative healing, the arts and gardening. When he got sick, he was upset that he wouldn’t be here long enough to witness the tremendous changes happening in the world. He was excited about Obama’s victory and wanted to see how his presence would affect the American landscape. He would have cheered the Arab Spring for he was engrossed in books about the Middle East, trying to understand the historical background to the current unrest.
O'er a' the ills of life victorious!
A party comes into court filing a complaint against someone who is essentially unable to defend themselves. The suit is fake and uses fraudulent documents to support it. In the usual course of events the “defendant” defaults, judgment is entered and the faker gets to enforce the judgment, driving the hapless defenseless person who was sued into bankruptcy and depression, marriage breakups etc. You know the routine.
We got a good start on the flyer, and she had to go. I finished it up after she left. Captain America came home for lunch at noon, right as Heather was leaving. After lunch, I read for a bit, helped Jake with school for a bit, played with Jimmy for a bit (but mostly just read - LOL!), and finally, at 3pm, decided to get ready for my meeting at 4pm.
So I “danced” the next song with Light. I say “danced” because my following was really bad and I was sufficiently stressed that I kind of ended up hugging him and crying on his shoulder (hooray for awkward! though he seems to be a magnet for girls prone to freaking out so he’s pretty used to it). Actually I think what triggered the actual crying was the fact that I couldn’t follow him really at all. Because I actually care what Light thinks of me. And it was also frustrating to see how much I’ve lost what little dance ability I had worked up. I feel really bad… I should apologize to him for that. Gah.
Where you should only walk along the North side.
I guess I should knuckle down and read the book properly. I'm not going to lie I'm not expecting to enjoy it. So that's partly why I want to discuss it. I guess I have old lady views and just because you say the word "cunt" you aren't cool or a feminist. I'm not automatically going to love the book - but that's not a bad thing - there are already plenty of fan girls for Caitlin Moran. I better get reading, right? (And stop sounding like Mary Whitehouse!)
Holding her hand to her neck, Addison quickly jumped away from the fighting, her terrified eyes watching Zak swing the axe again and lob off the demon’s head. She was getting weak, standing against the wall because she couldn’t stand up on her own.
On I moved, digging deep, flipping the dirt clump over and pulling the onions from their roots. Dig and gently tickle the ground to reveal the bulbs, hang on to the dirt around the mass so as not to let the bulblets separate from the mother and pull the hairish leaves out along with it. It’s like handling nitroglycerine. Easy…easy now, gently. Clear! Very satisfying. On I worked in deep concentration. Digging and tickling and pulling and depositing the onions in a large container, working one area and then systematically moving on to the next plat. Sometimes my technique would fail and a cascade of little bulblets would hit the fresh dirt. I’d lean over closer to the dirt to pick them out one by one, easy enough to spot their bright white roundness against the dark soil. There along the border, still sort of aware of the black widow but more focused in a zenlike weed pulling bliss I saw an errant bulblet and went to pick it out. “Hum,” I thought as I reached for it. “That looks a tid bit different.” Here I am laying on the ground inches from the surface, propped up on one elbow, sprawled half in the grass, half in the bed and having to re-adjust my head back and forth, up and down until I can bring the object into focus because of the aforementioned middle aged bifocal blindness. Well indeed it was different, not a bulb at all but an egg ball with a teeny tiny little hole in the top of it. “Hum” I thought again. “That’s very interesting. A hollow egg ball.” And then a new sort of movement caught my pitiful but now focused eyes. Not a scurrying so much as a teeming, a flow of activity along the border rock that was just there at my knee and waist. Thousands or, ok, hundreds maybe, of te-nine-sy freshly hatched black widow babies. I was ever so grateful for the pants and the socks and the gloves and the long sleeved shirt, grateful that the little spiders were so little that even if they all decided to make a meal of my leg I doubt they had any venom in them at that stage. But venom or no, pants or no, I really don’t want a wave of baby spiders crawling on me. How lucky I was to be there at that exact moment to see those baby spiders loosed on the world. How long would it take for their numbers to diminish by natural attrition to the point that the teeming wave would have been so compromised that I would never have seen that miracle of newborn fervor? Such hope, such promise. I’m sure the nearby ant colony thought the same thing.
ADMIRALS.
Umbo (1 gelatin silver print, 1927)
What are the paint colors in your home?
The best part about the flea, besides the low-prices, is the variety of items for sale. You never know what you're going to find that you need, and every week brings a new assortment of vendors and merchandise.
This week's random winner will have a choice of any 3 digis from the shop. The challenge for this week is to make a project (remember we accept any kind of projects: cards, scrapbook layouts, digital, hybrid, paper crafts, jewelry) that is inspired by the things you see in the sky.
Since 1983 F1 cars have needed a flat floor in-between the front and rear wheels, then this floor needed to be stepped since 1995. In the late eighties when designers were slimming and raising the nose of the cars, there was a need to create a floor section under the front of the monocoque to meet the flat bottom rules. The most obvious first splitter was the Tyrrell 019 with its fully raised nose, since then the splitter has been more and more exposed as teams seek to raise and narrow the chassis cross section for aerodynamic benefit.
Our keeper Mister Fred.
Shucking that many oysters sure tends to make you thirsty. We have the advantage of drinking beer that is as fresh as our oysters – strait from the keg, LA-31 Biere Pale. The hand crafted beer accompanies the oysters and quenches the thirst, but its mellow, refined hop bitterness does not overwhelm the delicate taste of the oysters. Garrett Oliver in his book “The Brewmaster’s Table” recommends an Irish Stout with Oysters. We usually enjoy most of his recommended pairings of food and beer, but this time we are unquestionably skeptical. We will try some Guinness this weekend with a sack of oysters, but I am pretty sure we will quickly tap a new keg of LA-31.
Most of us like to have a stylish and functional bathroom. A big bathroom space that is filled with luxurious fittings and accessories is quite exciting.
The book fair will run for three days in South Hall-K at The Los Ángeles Convention Center Admission is free for everyone.
Maybe he was just shy or maybe he was embarrased of what his humans made him wear.
Who spent a very humbling 3 weeks in a foreign land that was stealing her heart every moment of the day? This sister.
11.)I am a huge Elvis Presley fan
After coffee, I put on my winter garb and my old Sorel boots, and with the camera around my neck, proceeded to take a walk around the property.
“It is easy to become desensitized to what other groups find intolerable which ultimately fosters an environment where negative comments can go unchecked and corporate guidelines and policies are no longer being enforced,” the resolution stated.
A smile will take you a mile!
Okay, Happy Dance, Happy Dance, Happy Dance!!!
When I wrote about gifts the other day, in You Call That a Gift?, I was really only addressing the misuse of the word "gift" as it is applied to things that are clearly not given to children as gifts. The bottom line there is, if the thing given can be taken away whenever the parent feels like it, then it is not a gift.
The site was called Shifter World and the homepage featured pictures of celebrities - mostly actors and politicians. Below the pictures of celebrities were words in red. Beware! These people are all shifters. That's why they're so successful." Pg 52.
I told you all in my previous post about my plan for the making and release of this record. It's a three-phase process (recording, promotion, and manufacturing). Phase one is now just about complete, and phase two (in which I'll be hiring a big-shot publicity firm and a radio promoter) starts in September.
Not surprisingly there is not a Knob in sight in Glen Close's strange little tale of an ageing servant (Miss Close) who as an orphan disguised herself as a man in order to escape abuse and find some standing in a world which simply did not support a lone woman with no family.
On 2 July 2009, The Elders publicly stated that it would exert pressure on the “traditional religions” to change their principles and allow women to become ministers, priests and bishops. This is just the first action of its project titled Equality for Women and Girls.
Produced by: Blacker Dread
Here is the sketch…
Kaladin shrugged. “I didn’t say Tvlakv isn’t a bastard. He’s just a likeable bastard.” He hesitated, then grimaced. “Those are the worst kind. When you kill them, you end feeling guilty for it.”
1 C Fresh Basil Leaves, Thinly Sliced, Divided (I can guarantee I didn't have a whole cup and therefore I did not divide them, I just mixed all in with the dressing, I am sure the pasta would only be better with more basil, but don't sweat it if your tiny (yet very expensive) package of basil doesn't make a whole cup)
Whatever you want to fill your bread with.
pray for a sign.
Protest leader Udayakumar says that they are still ‘committed’ to continue their non-violent protests against the nuke plant
To add to this, in Rockstar Super Nova, some pickled yak taint said he’d always dreamed of playing with Gilby and they proceed to do a blistering rendition of…… Solsbury hill by Peter Gabriel. Just in case, I actually REALLY like this song, but it doesn’t exactly scream Rock Star if you ask me and to boot, it’s not much of a song to be performed by a Guitar Hero. Yet the cock sniffing and the groupie rim jobs continue for someone who though he might be a nice gent (as offered up by his Myspace profile… a joke onto itself) he’s not much of an icon, much less a guitar hero, much less a rock star. Yet the entire crew of Rock Star Super Nova did a hell of a job of making me hate them much more and though it’s been quite a while since I saw that piece of shit show, I’m still pissed about having taking some of my valuable time and wasting it on some circle jerking would be rockers that need to stop waxing their chests and start making music that rocks at least half as hard as their egos.
“Dad, I’m one of her servants. What if she comes to get me like the others?”
One thing I notice when I am out in a store(yes I do go to stores at times!) is just how unhappy people look.
iCard sort is a great app to use for vocabulary & sorting. The apptivity below is a jeopardy-like vocabulary lesson that involves matching mathematics vocababulary to its corresponding definition. Lesson, extensions,and student record sheets are provided.
You’re playing some prestigious shows next week in New York. Are you interested in seeking a label or distribution in the States?
Chamille is old enough to have a job. What she wants to do is cut hair. To do so requires a license. This morning I read the history of barbering. The red and white striped pole stands for the two points of barbering, one of cutting hair, the white, and one of surgical procedures, the red. The pole itself is said to be used by the patient to hold onto and it had a cap on it that represented the container for holding leeches and catching blood. When a barber would finish with all that blood, those white cloths would be rinsed and hung out to dry, twisting in the wind and winding around the pole to create a twist of bloody cloths.
I also enjoyed the forced perspective on the title and the entire angle of the cover. It just screams ROSS ANDRU!!! and I love it! (I like the ziptone moon as well.)
“In addition, if our products were unsafe, we would not have expected the federal agency responsible for approving alcoholic beverage formulas – the Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB) – to have approved them. Yet, all of our product formulas and packaging were reviewed and approved by the TTB before being offered to consumers.
It's a fascinating time in history...or actually TWO fascinating times...and Halahmy conveys well the emotions of everyone involved with the turbulence. The shadows that the past casts over the present are vividly demonstrated as are the difficulties of knowing even your own history properly. Eve finds out that she had a brother whom no one had ever mentioned to her before. Everyday life in Israel is accurately depicted, and we meet a great many different characters who are all well fleshed-out, but it's the main characters,Eve in the 1970s and Jack and Deborah in the 1940s, with whom we must identify.
Things have not worked out as planned.
I just didn't have time to get my shite together this week, been totally busy w/ work. Le sigh. I know, I suck. Sorry bout that.
after this really interesting talk i saw the core of xbox live and have the chance to check out some unreleased demos of
The irony of this is that the whole reason we started talking was because I noticed a new notebook on her desk and asked about it. Turns out she's addicted to notebooks. Can't go to Staples for anything without stopping by the notebook aisle. Hard to imagine that someone who is such a notebook junkie would find a pen interest/obsession/addiction "geeky."
I’ll orchestrate this Through-Air Movement.
Fill the country up with the bloody things as far as I'm concerned, but the footage should only be accessed when a crime has been reported/identified and evidence/action is subsequently required. If, as Philip Davies asserts, they are to be used as a tool for liberty, then human misuse must be eradicated and they must never, ever, be employed to actively seek out inconsequential misdemeanours.
When the bill was presented,the four were asked if everything was OK for them.
I also took a BMI test. On Fitness Magazine’s BMI calculator is states that my Body Mass Index is 28.26 for my height and weight. “Your BMI is 28.3, indicating your weight is in the Overweight category for adults of your height.For your height, a normal weight range would be from 129 to 174 pounds.” This my friends, is a milestone.
that we would
If you want to decorate the page of the book too that is up to you. If you do I suggest using the country as your inspiration for that too.
Today has been
Unfortunately, it was the same damn radio that told me to put gum in my hair. My friends and I would sit out on my front porch during the summer evenings and chat and listen to my portable radio. They used to have all kinds of radio spots. They’d have Hints from Heloise type help suggestions. And being curious, I listened to them all. The new ones about contact lenses really interested me. I wanted to try to put one on my eyeball.
“Oh I am so sorry I…”
Goal: Develop your support characters.
New York in the 1950s. This seems like the most interesting part of America in the 1950s. If you were a woman this would be the only place that you could aspire to lead something more than a June Cleaver life, I suspect. I would have hit all the cool spots, daddy-o, as a beatnik chick.
“I didn’t think they’d make me share a room.” She said, spite in her voice.
"Miss Dedrick, who is self-identified on Facebook and Twitter as 'Kay the Gay' and 'Kay the Queer' says she was laid-off as a teachers-aide. "
CD57 from REDLABS, Europe
I wish I had a picture of all this food but it did fill up some of my food storage shelves quite nicely. Amazingly enough I got it all put away. :)
REMOVE pan from oven and place on cooling rack
San Adams used Ben Affleck as a celebrity spokesperson....Ben Affleck dated Jennifer Lopez....who was in The Wedding Planner with Fred Willard....who was in Harold & Kumar Go To White Castle with Jamie Kennedy...who starred in the Boiler Room with Sean Caan....son of James Caan...who was in Dick Tracy with Dustin Hoffman...who played in Rain Man...with Tom Cuise...who starred in Born on the Fourth of July!
So remember auto insurance basically has three key coverage areas:
Unless you don’t like cats.
And nerves.
The first Thursday of 2012, the first Your Turn @ The Table of a brand new year. A quick explanation in case you are new to visiting The Space; We share Gratitude around our table everyday in our home, (The Backstory) Thursdays are the day we like to get around the table in TSBR and ask you to share your Gratitude. You can post a comment with your Gratitude, tweet your gratitude (hashtag #YourTurn@TheTable) Some people email their Gratitude or change their facebook status to one of Gratitude. The important thing is to share, how you want to do it is up to you.
MANNY: Hey don’t think about it. She’s mine.
Pius XII: Under The Roman Sky is a 2010 TV movie that attempts to detail the efforts of Pope Pius XII (played by James Cromwell) to save Jews from the Nazis after the city falls under Nazi occupation in 1943, as well as covering an alleged plot by Hitler to take the Pontiff as a hostage. A German/Italy co-production, Canadian-born director Christian Duguay’s 3-hour film is scored by Italian composer Andrea Guerra and the score features lush strings and beautiful a lovely soprano voice (plus larger chorus) that imparts an uplifting feel in the listener rather than the ominous and dramatic aspects that the topic may suggest (more on that in a moment).
- he sleeps in a crib in our room... and he probably will until he goes to a big boy bed.. that's just how it is at the greer house ;)
So are you ready for some more??? I've really been wanting to share a pictured tutorial with you showing you how to use the registration marks on our new Coffee Cozies Dies. CLICK HERE to be taken to the tutorial page.
What was most effective for you?
"Play It Again Sammo" (5/8/99)
You know how I hate those "Please have your child dressed as a crocodile/persian princess/tax collector on Friday" letters we get from school? Well, this year I thought I'd get ahead of the game.
peoples concerned through their own representative institutions
15. Old Jarrow
“Then you can judge, without asking my word for it, how much chasing of women I’ve done in my life.”
This is a book that adds to our Sexual Intelligence—-and even shows us its practical relevance.
When two of Rierdon's students are implicated in the boy's death, she immediately gets caught up in the investigation and discovers that the student was killed by a swarm of bats. When other attacks occur and more people are found dead in a similar fashion, evidence leads Rierdon to discover that these are not ordinary bats, but aggressive vampire bats that have mutated due to a tainted
Think in terms of style and the possibilities are endless. I didn’t mention everyday dry Stout of the Guinness mold, which remains beautiful with shellfish, and I’m assuming that there always will be a few yellow Eurolagers around for the plain fearful; as I wrote previously, you simply don’t need Budweiser if you have Stella or Spaten.
I am a moderator on a fab forum and I also find myself drawn into that life more and more.
And thank you for taking the time to challenge yourself to try something new. And even for being honest enough to admit it wasn't you!
And in many ways it’s that sense of release and freedom that forms much of the appeal of Belle de Jour. There’s a plot that creeps into the last third of the film, one about a jealous client and the eventual clash of Séverine’s private and working lives, but in reality it is simply the speed bumps on a road of personal self-discovery that forms the backbone of the movie. Buñuel’s movie is a movie about a certain kind of long-forgotten cinematic eroticism, the languid sexual charge of unspoken possibilities and of the subtle and secret indulgences in a baser nature. The film manages to be both beautiful and profane without anything resembling pornography, a frankness that is concerned entirely with the inner life and desires of its protagonist, the visual splendor of Deneuve lounging in various states of undress more loving appreciation for her beauty than any sort of exploitation voyeurism.
In the online world, Google AdWords has proven to be wildly successful for advertisers. Google launched AdWords so that businesses could pay only for clicks and also create, manage, and optimize campaigns themselves. While there’s no reason the mobile ad industry can’t have its own AdWords, it’s important to note that clicks don’t necessarily work in a mobile world.
I can't remember the last time I saw the sun. I think we're on our 12th day without sun. 3 days of iced-in goodnes and the rest have been Seattle wet dreams...misty and grungey. Before that I had a plague that kept me bed ridden, feverish and away from food...and beer.
Last night, I lay awake until 3am pondering the above. I analysed each month of the year so far and what I had achieved, if anything? Over-all, considering this is my ‘Year of Profound Change’, I feel I am doing quiet well, notwithstanding the fact that the last 4 weeks have morphed into a slight state of limbo on the creative front.
Rr Rattle
What are some of your favorite "quiet" books?
Artist: Naughty Monkey Artist: London Rebel Artist: Naughty Monkey
Ummm, not exactly.
Actually, by then it'll probably be PCSOs they'll send in, so we'll be able to revolt without fear of effective restraint.
My new music video ‘Because I’m a Doll’. Budget of this video is only £35.
I've been very fortunate to have been published lots of times in numerous magazines in Australia and worldwide. I still get really excited seeing my work in print!
And just in case you don't win these three Homestead Blessings DVDs or you want to see more of the West Ladies, you can get 10% off your order at the AFA Store. Really, you get 10% off your order of any item from the AFA Store! All you have to do is type in this coupon code at checkout: ANITA64. Now, ready, get set, go!! Deadline to register is Friday, April 22. I will announce the winner on Monday, April 25!
Want to continue reading? Click on the title below to download
The first book was made into a beautiful to look at, but somewhat soulless film called The Golden Compass. If you’ve seen the film and it put you off reading the books, think again. Compared to the book, the film is a turd, a polished one, but still a turd. The film explains nothing of why the bears wear armour, and how they come about them (if you watch Game of Thrones, think the iron price), or how the bear Iorek Byrnison became exiled, or even how big a deal it was that Lyra could speak to him. Or even how he was friends with Lee Scoresby. And plenty of other things, you can probably see what I’m getting at. The film ended sometime before the book did, the book had a cliffhanger ending or sorts.
The Holy Ghost is said to be sent in Christ’s name, most probably because He was sent in the place of Christ, another Advocate and Helper, to console the Apostles and carry on the work begun by Christ.
Thankfully, there is.
You’re the type who’s extroverted and self-assured
When your boys catch something really gross and they want to go show her she will rustle up a scream to make your kids proud. She bakes gourmet desserts but keeps Little Debbies in her pantry because she knows the neighbor moms wont buy them for their kids, (because I the mom’s will eat the entire box before the kids get home from school.)
The more the media elite push average, ordinary Americans to see the wedding cake topper as "a plastic heterosexual couple embracing" as if this is some sort of confectionery monument to heteronormative bigotry, the more there will be a backlash from those same sorts of ordinary Americans who don't particularly wish to see heteronormativity branded as evil and banished from sane civil society. Those who were pushing for gay "marriage" in North Carolina have learned that today, and it's just barely possible that President Obama may learn it a few months from now. There are too many kindly, tolerant, nice Americans who look at the wedding topper and see, not the derisively dismissed "plastic heterosexual couple," but their own reflections. And to be lectured again and again that seeing such couples as the normal basis for the family in society is somehow wrong is to create a growing rejection of so intolerant a message.
This stuff is painful, but addictive! So, with yesterday being a wash, I decided to try to treat today like fat-camp.
Buzzard, P. 2006. Rank and age related feeding strategy observed through field experiments in the Koshima group of Japanese macaques. Primates 47(4): 336-341. DOI: 10.1007/s10329-006-0188-6.
When riding home we asked what their favorite part of the day was, they both agreed it was the horse. We probably should have just went to a farm.
So...do you and your spouse, finance or boyfriend have any rules about tattoos and piercings? Can either of you go out and get something like that done or do you have to discuss it first?
Mounting orations
Ham-sa.
First I’d like to say a massive thank you to Amanda for inviting me to visit today, hopefully as you’re reading this she is having a wonderful time in Florida (yes I am just a tiny bit jealous lol). Amanda asked me to write a post about some of the YA books I’m most looking forward to throughout the rest of 2011. Now anyone that reads my blog will probably already know that I love a good paranormal story so I’m afraid you won’t find any contemporary YA on my list. I’m sure there are a lot of good contemps coming out but they aren’t the kind of thing that usually catch my attention.
This sh*t's getting out of control. They will not stop peddling this filth. Every last damn platform. Every single f*cking channel, (I'm so Fly/buy my CD) Meade on HLN: (George Z) "denied he was racially profiling." I don't recognize my country anymore (but I can still smell that stank through the flat panel). Trey Vaughn is dead. Because of his own actions. Discarding his own life. By repeatedly, violently smashing George Z's head, into the concrete. End of Story (no amount of Photoshop/airbrush/bleach ... to the photo of the deceased, will change thus).
Any downside? Besides the stigma, the article notes that it is more expensive to run a canning line, which may make it difficult to the smaller of the small brewers.
Tamiki: *pads over to Akov and Icewolf* What are you two doing?
(Not pulled by deers but by horsies grey).
or they put it right into the center and poof it goes up in flames.
I try to force his hand a bit by inventing an actual London connection for me. Time to create another character in this saga: my colleague, Randy. If there is some point person on their end in London, maybe I can lead him on a goose chase, although I seriously doubt they'd show up anywhere I tell them to go:
Take that, toaster.
It is incredibly sad to hear that Levon Helm is losing his battle with cancer; a battle he has fought for over ten years. I can't help but believe that music is one of the things that has kept this man holding on.
No doubt the Master understood this necessity to spread wide and beyond the teachings, but he did adopt a series of techniques that facilitated his way of disseminate the Divine word: Jesus used the resource of storytelling, the parables, to illustrate the moral teachings and prescriptions of healthy and conscious living. But it is also truth that the same Master, at the end of many stated wisdoms declared.
I have stacks of old photos all over..I am in the midst of scanning the last couple of batches for Forgotten Old Photos. I will not have time to scan and research them over the summer, so all of that ground work is being laid now.
And when your household includes a newly-minted seven-year-old who has a tendency to dissolve into a rage when her sock seams can actually be felt, a little perspective can be just what the frazzled mother ordered.
Extraordinary = Magical
Other methods of surveillance were used, according to Caraway. She stated there were officers monitoring when he left his home on Columbine Road, undercover officers following his movements, and even officers checking for his presence in places his vehicle sat too long.
Keeping with the dark sides of this episode – Annie just killed a pensioner, what the hell? Okay, Emrys was a cranky so and so and it did look like he was going to attack Eve but there were times when it did seem like Annie wasn’t taking it seriously enough. It’s all well and good driving people like Owen insane, sending Kemp to hell and dispersing Kirby but Emrys was an innocent man and it does seem like Annie’s got some horrible choices ahead of her.
He added that if an entity as powerful as Umno could be declared illegal, so could the electoral roll.
* 03 – Come to the forum and interact with us
distributor to use, with some authors favoring the flexibility of Lightning Source and others the ease of Createspace (the two largest distributors of indie books). Lightning Source allows authors to offer returns and give a higher discount to bookstores; theoretically, this encourages stores to stock paperback books.
Scene 13: It is nighttime. Anwaar is in a deserted flea market. She is kneeling before the wall that she had just vandalized. She is examining her hands which have red paint all over it.
Quiniece Sheppard is the author of “The Seven Deadly Sexual Sins”, published in April 2009, co-author of an e-book anthology titled “Christmas is More than a Myth: There is a Reason for the Season, published as a free e-book in December 2010, author of an e-book titled “Walking the Path to Real Love: 12 Steps to Practicing Abstinence and Celibacy, published as a free e-book in January 2011 and author of “Before the Lights Go Out: 11 keys to Achieve Real Physical Intimacy published in June 2011.
First impressions usually mean everything. And I like what I see. There is a beauty in the simplicity. The black and white scheme falls in line with the Hoops of Flatbush - as the Long Island University-Brooklyn Blackbirds, who play just down the Avenue, also sport black and white threads.
They do the sugar and spice routine with the women but I didn’t find either of them overly memorable in a good way. Natalya (Izabella Scorupco) is the doe-eyed computer programmer who eventually melts for Bond and Xenia (Famke Janssen) kills people by squeezing them to death with her knees. I suppose the idea is that it’s a new day and age so we need a woman who’s sexually aggressive and likes to gun people down (her machine gun rampage is similar to Chris Walken’s gundown back in A VIEW TO A KILL), but it doesn’t totally work for me.
De Soto learned that his army was less than a week's travel from the coast, where his supply ships lay at anchor. However, fearing mass desertion and unwilling to abandon his enterprise, the Governor suppressed the news and instead led his battered, ill-equipped company northward into Mississippi, where they endured another cruel winter.
Since I started this blog, I have received a number of emails from some dear old friends about what is going on in their lives. I apologize for not yet having had the time to reply individually (I will), but one thing that struck me was how so many of them had a common theme: I want to dedicate my life to Dharma, but I have to do all these ordinary things, so I feel dissatisfied with how both my ordinary and spiritual life are turning out.
Me, (making polite conversation despite having been kept waiting for 40 minutes for a pre-ordered taxi): Is it usually this busy on a Friday evening? (Stupid question if ever there was one. For crying out loud, it's London, it's Friday evening, it's slashing with rain, it's about to be December: of course it's flipping busy.)
Grose C. Varicella infection during pregnancy. Herpes 1999; 6: 33-37.
And you just a dozen years more.
Recently, while eating dinner with a friend at the Olive Tree Cafe, I spotted a group of women awash in the color of my youth - every variant of beige, tan, cream, light brown, and camel was represented, even in their hair.
In Hebrews and Ephesians we are told that the sword of the Spirit is the word of God. Have you ever thought about the sword itself? A thought entered my head on Saturday as we were driving to the airport. That thought has led to some dissection of information particularly about swords and their role in the defense of the work that God is doing in our lives.
Okay, I have to ammend my last post. There is some pain - and it starts with P and ends with eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!
It breaks my heart every time I have to get rid of an old pair of jeans because they’re broken – so much so I have a pair in my room that died months ago but I can’t bring myself to part with.
Those who had education know it best. How much of our education is actually useful?
With no where else to check we all went our separate ways. Herold continued to the North East up to Buchner where he hoped to get lucky with the Timbavati Pride or the Maghlatini Males. He was taking a big chance but the reward would be well worth it and it nearly did pay off as he and Difference found fresh tracks from the morning for the two females and their cubs. Unfortunately they tracked them following a Buffalo herd which had crossed into Kruger and out of our traversing area, better luck next time chaps! Andrea turned her attention to the Tsharalumi River and headed off to where we had Makipi's the night before hoping to find another kind of cat. Goodman and I headed to the North West hoping it may have been different Lions calling that side, one can only hope. While approaching Vyeboom Dam we received a message from Robin that he had fresh tracks for three Lions further to the South, more than likely the Mafikizolo Pride. Hearing that he had help in the area and being some distance from us with a very limited amount of time we chose not to head in their direction but carried on up in the North fulling our drive with lots of general game and birds of prey which included, Waterbuck,
And creates the poem,a thing of beauty!
Happy Mother's Day to all of you!
After stepping in a million huge puddles (that could not be dodged) and getting our feet dirty, we got on a bus headed for Animal Kingdom. This was supposed to be the busiest day of our entire trip (a level 9) but because of the rain, our bus was quite empty. Other folks had the same idea of enjoying the park despite the rain, though. All of us brave people were finally let into the park and we made our way towards Expedition Everest. Trying to do "the morning run" in pouring rain is very difficult. Our feet kept sloshing around in our shoes. We didn't rush to get to Everest because there weren't very many people to compete with. We were very irked to find out that the ride wasn't even running once we got there. We stood and stood and stood in line for about fifteen minutes before the short line started moving.
"Devil’s Kriek was held on the cherries for 9 months, then transferred and stored cool at 34F for the remaining 3 months. The Rainier Kriek sat on cherries for the entire 12 month process at cellar temperatures ranging from 50F to 75F. The warmer ferment on the fruit allowed the Brett to assert itself more fully, driving the acidity lower and kicking out a stronger wild-yeast character. We brewed 20 barrels of Devil’s Kriek in a regular fermenter, along with 3 barrels of Rainier Kriek in a mobile mini-fermenter that was originally in service as a yeast propagation tank at Widmer."
Place the pot in the sink to blend so that it doesn't splash everywhere. My hubby likes teeny bits of mushrooms in the soup so I don't blend it right down to a puree.
I miss you all already.
Brewery Location: Munster, IN
The company with the highest bid started with a reasonable bid. As we talked to them, they realized that we weren’t going to buy those stupid whole-house audio systems they try to sell and we were going to run the entire system off commodity parts. I provided them with a schematic for the wiring that we wanted and, over a few weeks, I simplified it twice. The sub-contractor updated their bid three times. Each time, with a simpler design, the cost went up. They were determined to make their money one way or another. And they never stopped trying to sell us their proprietary system. The last straw was when they proposed a more expensive system that gave us one (!) audio zone throughout the house. The way they proposed it, if we wanted music in our master bedroom, the speakers outside would also be on for the neighbors to hear; if the kids wanted to listen to their music in the basement, we had to listen to it too in the dining room. They couldn’t see why we wouldn’t want that. Idiots. And people pay them to design home audio systems! After that, we told our general contractor to take them out of the bidding process. These guys also bid on the line-voltage work and in their bid had them running electricity to the deck off the master bedroom. There is no deck off the master bedroom. Sloppy and dumb.
LYRIC: “Trying to make some front-page drive-in news, working on our night moves.”
Precut plywood
Hi friends! I hope you're having a fabulous day! Today, I'm going in for my procedures so if you could spare a positive thought or prayer for me, I would really appreciate it. I've never had any kind of procedure where I had to be put under before and I'm a bit nervous.
30. Drink more water, at least 150 oz a day
He auctioned racehorses in 1894, owned land that was given up for construction of the new railway on Vancouver Island in 1895, was a Hospital Trustee in 1896 and was still advertising as an auctioneer in Victoria (one of several) in the Daily Colonist of 1898. His death, from a heart attack, was reported 13 March 1899.
(Just off I-66 in Prince William County. Call 703-754-6400 or visit LiveNation.com for more information.)
I hope the floating hand by the candy bowl doesn’t freak you out too much.
Lady: Oh, you’re diabetic?
And sometimes I try to make them as outlandish as possible. All those people together in an interesting configuration? They work together. As spies. From Mars.
energy levels have been very low this week too, as i have been deeply engaged emotionally into the fall out from my loss at the human rights commission. i am pretty much drained right now and burnt out. enjoying a weekend in bed napping so far. running is the farthest thing from my mind.
Here are a selection of classic ZX Spectrum games that you may remember:
209 Joralemon Street
I painted this exactly one year ago, March 16, 2010. It was warmer then and a lot less snow.
I made my gym goal for last week!! I made it to the gym 3 times. Woot! I am pretty darn psyched about that. Hubs and I went to Zumba Saturday morning and oooo eeee... it kicked my butt. Still LOVE me some Zumba. New instructor was fun... a little lower impact than the last instructor... but high intensity none the less.
For real? I don't know. Maybe I'm weird, but I have no problem walking in jeans. Besides that's all I have that fits!
“Looks like it’s time to rinse her off,” Andy said and with that the girls each grabbed Olivia under the arms and Andy grabbed her by the butt and they hoisted her up with her legs in the air with her soapy mound nearly eye level directly under the stream of cool water. Olivia shut her eyes and let out a moan as the cool water hit her clit. Andy moved her right hand up to Olivia’s pussy and slowly inserted first one, then two and finally three fingers, vigorously working the girl into a frenzy. The water was rushing over her body and with her butt aimed high in the air the soapy water was rolling down past her rounded breasts and streaming down her long black hair. With her head tilted back her hair nearly touched the floor as the soapy water dripped off it forming a slippery puddle on the tile floor. The girls continued to soap and fondle each other in the shower for some time enjoying the feeling of the water rushing over their bodies. After it was over they took turns toweling each other off accompanied by lots of giggling and caressing. After a bit of playful towel snapping and long kisses they helped each other get dressed and headed off to the dayroom.
567 D-XI/16/1967. “Rousseau’s First Discourse,” Basic Program Staff Seminar, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
Add alittle grated lime zest if you use real limes.
What you’ll need: yellow and brown nail polish, a base color for the ring finger (pink for me!), and an eyeliner brush (you will also want black and a bobby pin to add the eyes, I forgot to picture them!)
Good thing our tetanus shots are up to date (he,he) and we wore a hardy pair of work gloves!
(to be continued . . . )
As we neared our destination and the gentlemanly doorman came into distant view, I began to feel a little bit nervous. What if they say no? I was thinking, what if we aren't dressed correctly? What if they laugh at our request? I took a large gulp of bravado and announced to the gentleman in the Top Hat: "We haven't made a reservation but we were wondering if you might be able to accomodate a walk-in table for two?"
Almost a day doesn’t go by where I don’t get an email or see a post on Beer Advocate with people asking about what kind of beer related things to do in St. Louis. So, I thought it would be a good idea to put together a list of great craft beer spots in the metro area.
Project::4 has been organising events, conferences, exhibitions and meetings for many years, and all this experience has allowed us to develop our style of event management in order to generate cost-effective, seamlessly organised, powerful events for each and every client. It is important for the organisers of any event to be able to see where their strengths and weaknesses are, which parts of the campaign are going well, which parts need more attention along with countless other aspects, and all this is key in learning how to measure the effectiveness of your event.
I wrote an article. What's an article but a Kindle that's not a Kindle Short? Because it won't make it into Kindle Shorts. What's an e-pamphlet? That's what this is.
My two grandmas and my mom makes the best home cooked meals in the world. I really mean it. Today, I’m going to introduce my grandma on my dad’s side. I’ve already posted several entries about her cooking like (this one), but this is another. My grandma makes food from scratch, everything from scratch, using fresh ingredients. Whenever she gets a phone call from me or my siblings or any one of her 10 grandchildren with a message that we would be visiting her soon, she goes out to the supermarket to shop for the best ingredients around in the morning of our visit. She’s the cutest grandma ever!
In the “About Us” section, there’s a timeline tracing company history back to its founding in 1920 by A.T. Massey, through the reign of Evan Massey in the 1940s and ’50s, W.E. Massey in the ’60s and E. Morgan Massey in the ’70s. Current chairman and first-ever non-Massey president Blankenship took over in the go-go ’90s, engineering reverse spin-offs, joint ventures and strategic alliances while — oh, yeah — trying to remember to occasionally extract coal from the ground. We also learn a little about mining methods in this space. For example, surface mining (known colloquially as “strip mining” or “raping Mother Earth”) accounts for almost half of the company’s coal production, and all that bothersome junk covering up the coal — soil and trees and flora — is called “overburden.”
5. The family she had created in Sims 3...now multi-generational. Her original characters now had great-great-great-great grandchildren.
Recipe Source: from My Kitchen Cafe/adapted slightly from my friend Judy C.
Well, I am what I am, and right now I'm an adult with a wife, a mortgage, a job, and a retirement account.
The Lord is risen and an empty tomb bears witness!
So I love to use Picnik for casual editing because it is so user-friendly and it's esp. nice for blogging, because it automatically re-sizes pictures, making them easy to quickly upload.
Tea Tree, Rosemary & Clay
Manco Capac (1969) – Quintessence: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZyYqOIqKRIU – If it hadn’t have been for this track I wouldn’t have applied to study at the University of East Anglia (1972-75 and 1976-77), and then wouldn’t have met Ruth. It’s a long story.
By the age of sixteen, after eleven years of operations, therapy, and braces, Ken's luck changed dramatically when he met the girl of his dreams at a party. A few years later they married, produced three wonderful children, and settled into a happy life in Southern California.
I found out that many religious preachers, although some of them may have good intentions, have let the Word act in the manner where it has hurt individuals at most and I am not sure if that is always unintended, at least a large amount of evangelical preachers do not seem too concerned about how their teachings and judgmental attitudes are received or even how it damage the individual, but they surely must see and be aware of the effects of their preachings! For while they condemn the act in itself, the homosexual behavior, they often say that they “hate the sin but love the sinner”. But somehow I cannot get rid of that creepy feeling that they don’t distinguish between the act and the person who performs it! Even if they want us to believe the opposite. Why do Christians so often say that frase, especially when talking about homosexuality? You won’t find this quote in the Jewish Bible, nor in the Christian Bible, I am absolutely sure about that!
When you go to the recipes page, you'll see an embedded version of my blog where all the recipes are photo thumbnails. Let me know your thoughts on this blog experiement.
We had a quick family home evening lesson with the Buggy girl about this story, (I wish I would have seen the cool pictures and summary for children on the link above before I decided to just sort of wing it) and then built our own tents in the living room out of blankets. Turns out that blanket fort building skills decline with age and lack of practice, and Schmoopsie and I quickly found that the average 10 year old could probably whip up a decent blanket fort in half the time it took us. After a few failures and careful consideration of our architectural plans, we employed the use of a vaccuum as center pole. It all came together fairly well after that.
These principles might not work reliably well on charts cast using a tropical zodiac and using a modern house system, but they will be extremely sound and reliable if you apply them to birth charts cast using a sidereal zodiac and the ancient “whole-sign house” system.
Ale volumes up 1.2% with cask ale volumes up 6%
If you are smiling and laughing today, then by all means enjoy it and embrace the happiness. If there is anything that we deserve is those times of a really good HARD laugh. I remember feeling like Carrie from Sex and the City 1, when she was left at the alter and thought she would never laugh again. Then she see Charlotte crap her pants in Mexico and really did laugh hard. It is moments like those that make us feel normal again and I totally think its ok.
He (Prophet Muhammad pbuh ) carried on his mission of inviting people to Allah Ta'ala (Islamic Religion) and persisted in (this) invitation for 13 years inspite of the harm and injuries (which he suffered), and he used to forgive the ignorant... in order that Allah's Proof be established against them (disbelievers) and that His Promise be fulfilled to them (disbelievers) which He assured them with His Statement:
Then there were several seconds of silence on the phone.
Robbie Raisin here to spread the W cheer. For when we are done you will Whoopdi Friggin Doo under the sun. You will Whoopdi Friggin Doo in the rain and on a train. It will be engrained in your brain, so suffer one and all as Robbie Raisin goes down the Whoopdi Friggin Doo lane.
Until, that is, it came to his remarks about the irrational fears of his neighbours who had handed him over to the authorities. The inhabitants of that town in Holland had been hoodwinked into seeing this man and his family as the reason for their shortages. It hit me straight between the eyes.
PRODUCT BREAKDOWN:
Tallow Glycerides – See Tallow.
But they did. And still do.
This Princess birthday cake was very special. It was ordered by a soldier who was coming home from serving our country in Afganistan and wanted to surprise his daughter with a special cake for her birthday. They were also very happy and thankful that we made their already special celebration more memorable with our cake creation.
Expensive birthday parties and exotic holiday trips are nice if you can afford them. But as I cuddle up in my new pajamas while Cate really gets into playing Playmobil and Brennan zooms his cars on the floor and my hubby listens to some new vinyl, I find that I really can't ask for much more. I've kind of got it made, really. A loving husband who is a fantastic father, two beautiful children who light me up with their smiles, a home full of love and history that comes with a mortgage cheaper than the rent we used to pay, family that is there for us in any situation, friends that laugh and grow with us. That's a whole lot more than most people have. That's a whole lot of love too, if you ask me.
“Anyway, having been placed on the mission we proceeded in a north westerly direction from London’s central London out to the wilds of Oxfordshire and were kept with other horses. Life was fairly banal, but I’m afraid the diet of oats caused us various digestive problems. IN order to maintain equity within our undercover work we hooked up a small internal pulley system to allow me (at the head) to pass regular treats of sugar lumps to my colleague who spent some years bent double. I’m afraid those sugar lumps played havoc with his teeth, and we spent many nights of disturbed sleep as he whined and whined about some sort of abcess.
The photos and logos are of such low resolution that they give the impression of merely having been lifted from websites. Many very clearly have been. In fact — and here is its most grievous flaw — the feel of the entire book is of one that’s been cobbled together from press releases, newspaper articles, and sell sheets. Readers are treated to chestnuts like this: “Pear Brandy is made from the freshest pears grown in the Hudson Valley.” Why does that seem so familiar? Oh, yeah: it’s lifted nearly verbatim from the website of Harvest Spirits, maker of the brandy in question.
Choice Publishing also offer a full colour book package suitable for illustrated books such as a children’s book, but there are limitations to this package. The cost for this package is 1395 euro and includes the all the previous options.
unseen I'm easing, stealing over the garden wall
Celluloid International
As for the story itself, it was interesting. I liked how it was balanced between Hadley's personal family problems and her relationship with Oliver. The romance did not dominate the whole story and I am very happy about that. However, I thought the ending was quite abrupt--it left me unsatisfied and wishing that more was revealed as to what may or may not happen between Hadley and Oliver and their families.
ATTORNEY: Are you sexually active?
As usual, humans mess up what God intends to be good. We have taken the sowing and reaping and turned it into a name it and claim it mentality (Sow $20 and you will reap 10 fold). As much as I believe that God honors our giving and will bless it, there is no promise to make us rich. God could care less about our money if we care less about lost souls. Jesus died to save us from our sin and not to make our financial messes go away. Paul continually reminded churches of the need to stay focused on preaching the message of Christ crucified and not getting caught up in worldly things. Paul was concerned with sowing spiritual things and reaping spiritual things.
Some children are labeled as ‘sensitive’ as if its some kind of flaw that a frightening adult themed piece of ‘entertainment’ gave them nightmares or caused them to wet the bed. It’s somehow braver and worthy of merit that a child can stomach violence, killing, brutality and cruelty without being affected.
This can apply to any Australian not only farmers. It has happened to residential land owners thorugh council vegetation protection orders and it WILL become more common as the government makes you pay with your land for the international promises it makes. Contact your MP today if you value your future. This is very serious for all property owners. You will receive NO COMPENSATION for your loss - a life's work wiped out by a government at the stroke of a pen. In ten years time when this becomes much more common it will be very hard to address so the time to address it is now. Theft of assets by government is not something we expect in a democracy but it is now something we in fact have - I urge you to act now by phoning your parliamentary representative and asking how this can happen and what he or she intends to do to adddress the matter for Peter and for all Asutralians who are facing the problem now or will be facing it in the future.
Kaboom
The Japanese detested other Asians. Their racism was obvious even before Pearl Harbor:
The movie Shift of the Ages is about the Maya, their calendar that points at 2012 (and how it is misinterpreted) and about the time that we live in. On the website of this production, you come across an ‘Ambassador Program’. As, for the moment, it is not possible for me to become an official Ambassador, I hereby declare myself as the ‘unofficial volunteer ambassador‘ to spread the wise message of the great Mayas.
i know that if something is wrong, the use of a doppler wouldn't make any difference either way. but... it feels like it would hasten the grief and the pain into my life.
Eighty-six HIPAA complaints should be filed. Doesn’t matter if this was information from a dentist or podiatrist office. It should have all been shredded before it hit a wastebasket. A trash worker could have picked that stuff out and used that one lady’s information from the photocopy of her driver license FGS.
“As we know there’s been disagreement within the parish over how and to whom Communion is distributed. From my perspective this disagreement and related emotions flow from love. Love for Christ, really and truly present in the Eucharist,” LaHood said during Sunday mass. “However, how we live out this love is important. The Scriptures tell us that we are known above all by how we love…I realize this letter is hard to hear. Please keep mind that this is a first personnel issue, dealing with issues of ministry in the church. Father Guarnizo will have every opportunity to present his position.”
This was a hard one, folks. I've spent my entire life telling myself that I can do things, and struggling to prove that I could, to myself... now, I had to prove to someone else, who was backing me, and with strong confidence... that I could do this thing. The pressure became almost unbearable to withstand. I spent an entire day riding around in circles, not quite knowing what to do. I tried to visit friends, but couldn't seem to get there. I tried to call friends, but couldn't quite get in touch. My chest was nearly bursting, and the tears were beginning to flow.
Jack is all bunged up with cold at mo so woke at midnight needing a drink having a coughing fit – needed some mess and a cuddle to get back to sleep poor thing.
The Human Centipede 2 is a hilarious movie. Even more so than its predecessor. A lot of it is unintentional, but some of it, Tom Six is doing with a wink. Look, he wears a stetson. You don't wear a stetson if you're the sort of person who takes yourself seriously. For all the furore, outrage and thinking of the children, The Human Centipede 2 is ultimately a piece about twelve people being forced to do ass-to-mouth. It's more seriously done here, but it is still not really a serious film. And when it does try to be serious, it fails in almost every way.
Use Dynamic Tools and Languages
I am not perfect, but I strive to be! I am not good, but I hope to be! I am not loved, but I will be!
You’ll also notice that he mentions black hearts (plural), not just one. The other heart belongs to his female partner who is also suffering from the same condition. The narrator is describing how he and his partner are drawn together based on their common mental/spiritual illness (“my baby run to me”). This provides them both with some relief at night after a long day of suffering (“to keep it warm at night.. my tambourine is still shaking”). This aspect of the song is brought out in the video, where we see black profiles of Beck and a woman dancing:
This year, like last year, I took a little time out to celebrate the day the pilgrims sat down and shared a meal with an indigenous group of unsuspecting people who we later slaughtered mercilessly and forced to live on small plots of land while we sold them "fire water". I mean... we celebrated all the things we're thankful for.
Muamba, 24, said he asked God to protect him before the cup clash, which was abandoned after his collapse. Some one up there was watching over me.
I love these flowers. They are beautiful and graceful. In the movie The Tsunami and the Cherry Blossom, the man who runs a very old sakura orchard mentions that sakura is a very empathetic tree/flower. It brings out of us what we want brought out of us. It reflects our own feelings. If you are sad, you will see sadness in the flowers. If you are hopeful, you will see hope in the flowers, etc. And for all of the people who lost their lives last year, many of them see hope in the return of the sakura. Nature continues despite setbacks, and so should we.
Penal institution records show that recidivism rates for those who receive no education while incarcerated are almost 75 percent. Compare that to the 16 to 25 percent rate for offenders who receive literacy and vocational assistance.
But I know my body and mind are ready for this last baby. I know what a strain my body has been through carrying such large bubs too.
When selecting applications you will notice some Apps have multiple versions available as shown in the screenshot below just get the newest unless you are looking for a specific version. From the same screen if you press the Menu key you will get various icons what offer links to the source code, bug reporting and a way to donate. So Far there is roughly about 250 Application in the Catalogue which is a god start as its 100% community driven run by Volunteers, Hopefully the number will increase when the word gets around and more Open Source Developers get on board, so join in with me in helping spread the word.
The monkey said, "Monkey tricks for twenty years? That's a pretty long time to perform. How about I give you back ten like the dog did?"
We were supposed to spend two nights in Wadi Rum but cut our trip short
Of the meat to make sure it’s tender,
Ooooo Happy Anniversary
This fails to impart definite structure to "aesthetic correction circuitry" because the components and their arrangements are unstated. The inventor, William Schreiber, explained that "aesthetic correction circuitry" means to one skilled in the art "hardware or software used by the system operator to introduce desired alterations into the appearance signals of an image." Again, this does not elucidate a definite structure, but merely suggests some generic structure, namely, some unspecified arrangement of unidentified hardware components or software. Neither of MIT’s experts even attempted to opine that "aesthetic correction" connotes definite structure such that "aesthetic correction circuitry" would suggest a sufficiently definite array of components to one skilled in the art. Thus, I cannot discern sufficiently definite structure from the term "aesthetic correction circuitry" to avoid means-plus-function treatment.
Allies of the Right
Here are only a few examples to show how people feel.
And here is where it gets interesting. Santorum matches up much better than Romney against Obama in Santorum's home state. Santorum has actually held statewide office in Pennsylvania. And unlike Santorum's last opponent who had the advantage of being the son of a popular pro-life Deomocrat in a bad Republican year, the President won't have and the advantages that Senator Casey did. So I place the Pennsylvania 20 with Santorum leaving him at 249, with Ohio, North Carolina, and Virginia to go. Now Obama has to sweat it out in three states in which historically Republicans have the edge. Any combination of losing two states, and Obama loses. Simply put, Santorum has a greater margin for error than Romney.
I think they look so fun stuck in the dirt by the herbs! It almost looks like someone is in the process of eating them all up! I'll give you an update later in the summer to see how they're holding up. I'm curious to see if the letters will still be readable and if the knives themselves will get too tarnished. At $2 for the entire project, I'll be happy if they only last for one year!
Preheat oven to 425F. Prepare an 8 inch square baking pan by greasing with butter or vegetable oil. (If you are conscious of how much grease you use, simply use a paper towel to soak and dab the grease around the pan)
...failing to take her daughter to a car show, telling her then 7-year-old son to buckle his seat belt or she would contact police, “haggling” over the amount to spend on party dresses, and calling her daughter at midnight to ask that she return home from celebrating homecoming.
Longitude; 149°54.422’E
Cranberry e/s - inner lid
6. When someone is talking and make a grammar error do you feel the strong and sometimes over whelming urge to correct them?
A successful filmmaker understands this, and will not expend energy on a fruitless quest to make her films purely objective. She may make an effort to present a diversity of voices and opinions. She will try to avoid presenting untruthful material unchallenged in some way (unless her objective is to mislead). But to attempt to give voice to every possible perspective on an issue, or to give precisely equal weight to two opposing positions, is an impossibly impractical goal. Wiser to follow one's own instincts and predilections, biased as they may be. Often it is the filmmakers courageous enough to follow them as far as they may lead, that make the most effective and watchable films. For instance, the Academy-Award-winning documentary Harlan County, U.S.A. by Barbara Kopple.
Isabelle exhaled with a slight catch in her breath. His lips were on hers again, his tongue probing inside her parted lips. She was lost in the sensations. How long had it been since she’d let a man get this close? She’d forgotten how good it felt to be touched, to be kissed. On the other hand, it had never been even close to this.
So I have since been educated and also spent time with the same thing in mind. Needless to say, I was able to write numerous citations for people parking in a handicapped parking spot without the required placard or license plate.
The answer is partly in the PCS union's response. They dismiss any thought of profiling in preference to checking absolutely everyone as Clarkson describes. In doing so, they are implicitly stating that they're not confident enough in their members' ability to spot true risk passengers as opposed to the family travelling to, or from, Sardinia.
Network Marketing Basic No. 1: Understand the reality of network marketing!
President T F Burgers tried to prevent the gold from being extracted as he believed that it would spell the end of the independence of the republic.
Shortly afterwards we heard barked military orders as the lining parties shuffled into their immaculately dressed ranks on the steps, the main doors of the Cathedral were flung open, and the procession of Foreign Crowned Heads arrived, resplendent in uniforms, bright sashes, medals and Orders. Monaco, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, Norway and Belgium settled in their seats. Eighteen minutes to go. When would the rest of them arrive? Surely soon, we said hopefully, wriggling our numb bottoms on the hard pews.
So the next time you look at your dirty bathroom and need some motivation to get that room clean, meditate upon how similar it is to what God has done to your heart. Thank goodness He didn't put it off another day!
You have taken my savior away
What…
“I opined that most Germans were not Nazis and most Russians were not Communists, but Americans hadn’t constantly been called upon to make that distinction. And just because most Muslims weren’t blowing up Israeli school buses and pizza parlors, and weren’t murdering American soldiers and pregnant women at Fort Hood and elsewhere, didn’t mean a heck of a lot of them didn’t favor bringing Shariah law to America or that they hadn’t been contributing to terrorist organizations through Islamic charities until the FBI shut them down.”
One thing I cannot live without is my Aloe Vera Vaseline lip therapy (to the left of the computer). Nothing irks me like dry lips! If ever anything would prevent me from writing, that would be it.
A writer sits down, scribbles a few words that become the basis for a novel. Later that may become a screenplay with actors and sets and props and before you know it, legions of fans believe the reality of the movie to be more compelling than their own workaday lives...
We must also openly acknowledge that we have no new evidence pointing to another date for the end of the world. Though many dates are circulating, Family Radio has no interest in even considering another date. God has humbled us through the events of May 21, to continue to even more fervently search the Scriptures (the Bible), not to find dates, but to be more faithful in our understanding.
Let's get high awhile
Your dirty face.
“There will always be a place for you in my heart, sweetheart, but not
I've been writing this blog post in my head for over a week now but now that I'm actually looking at the screen I have no idea where to begin. I'm afraid I can't put into words for you what life has been like for the last 2 weeks. But I'll try!
This is an independent study course using only one reference source.
When the big fridge in our kitchen died this past summer we looked at the hole in our family wallet where the money wasn't, looked at the car repair that we'd just committed to and would be another six months paying off, and didn't see how a fridge purchase was going to fit into the picture.
Use any stamps for this challenge. You are not limited to Blockheads stamps, but we always appreciate seeing great art using our stamps.
I know you try to blend in
Breakfast buddies from years gone by warm my mid-week.
From the Rococo and belle epoque style architecture, to the story-book turrets of the Porte de la Craffe, to all of the beautiful and flower-filled green spaces surrounding the city centre...I was almost convinced that I was French Bourgeoisie in another life...it just felt all too comfortable! (ha!).
This goes towards the following reading challenges:
Just as each of us has one body with many members, and these members do not all have the same function, so in Christ we who are many form one body, and each member belongs to all the others. We have different gifts, according to the grace given us. If a man's gift is prophesying, let him use it in proportion to his faith. If it is serving, let him serve; if it is teaching, let him teach; if it is encouraging, let him encourage; if it is contributing to the needs of others, let him give generously; if it is leadership, let him govern diligently; if it is showing mercy, let him do it cheerfully.Each woman in the group has different gifts and needs. I am convinced that each woman has a gift that will meet the need of another. God truly answered the prayer I prayed.
This happened a long, long time ago, maybe a life time ago! At a time when I had long, black hair, not a touch of those ‘stress related highlights’, when I was in a perpetual sense of wonderment of all the things around me, I was easily amazed, easily happy, when I went places, I actually took the sights and sounds in instead of looking around constantly to see if my kids are within my eyesight, when my thoughts didn’t wander from one schedule to the next, my face didn’t sport the worry lines, it easily broke into a smile, when I thought, felt, experienced! Wow, MUST have been a long time ago. Now that we have established the time frame, on to the main story.
But I have a quick question for you! Is it okay to say, "Happy Lent!" ?
What a rush it creates when you purchase a new outfit, pair of shoes, electronic gadget, decorative item, accessory, even a favorite snack or personal hygiene product. Expensive, cheap, big, small, retail, on sale, for you, for someone else – doesn’t matter. Buying stuff can make a person feel really good, both physically and mentally. Until, of course, you feel the pang of buyer’s remorse in your gut.
As part of the elites Islamification programme, many Judges are campaigning for the introduction of Shari law. In December 2008 the Lord Chief Justice, Lord Phillips, told the London Muslim Council he was willing to see Sharia law operate in the country, so long as it did not conflict with the laws of England and Wales, or lead to the imposition of severe physical punishments.
M.V Hospital for Diabetes was established by late Prof. M.Viswanathan, Doyen of Diabetology in India in 1954 as a general hospital. In 1971 it became a hospital exclusively for Diabetes care. Under Prof. M. Viswanathan's professional and administrative leadership, the hospital has grown to achieve the status of a teaching institution of international excellence. The hospital along with the Diabetes Research Centre also undertakes research and imparts Postgraduate training to doctors in Diabetology. It has, at present, 100 beds for the treatment of diabetes and its complications. Over the years it has grown to be one of the largest referral centre for Diabetes, more than 250,000 patients registered to-date. It is recognised as an internationally known tertiary care centre for referral of diabetic patients requiring super-specialist opinion and management.
The search for self that blends into all matters.
Within the past seven days, I trapped three critters under the hood, and will continue to trap until they find another place to party. Normally, I do not kill wild creatures, yet mice can be very destructive. My neighbor had a mouse end up in her auto’s AC unit, and aside from the stench, the repair bill was off the charts!
Ashley De La Rosa (Team Xtina) @UKnowAshleyDLR – Singing Foolish Games by Jewel. When she started off, it was weak, but it quickly got better. But it was really hard to hear her. The arrangement of this song was sick though! It seemed she was lost in the instrumentation, but then she hit that note and held it. That one note was dope! Cee Lo said everyone seemed to enjoy it. He said she started out low but when she got to her feet she got into that character. Adam said he felt Cee Lo had an underwhelmed response. He then goes on to say she was the biggest surprise. Blake said the smartest decision for this season was Xtina’s choice to save her. 1-855-VOICE-04
Thursday-Circuit training (20 minutes); 39 push-ups!!; 2 min 5 sec plank
Herbal remedies
Also! I just realized today is the 4th Anniversary of F.I.B! I held my first anniversary party at the old Freddy's and Les Sans Cullotes played that too as well as The Susquehanna Tool & Die Co. & the Anabolics! And an "Found in Brooklyn" themed art show on top of it all. Honestly I don't think there was any other place where I could of pulled that off so easily, Freddy's gave me the date and allowed me to run with it. Thanks Donald!
Part of me is glad, as that means we can move on to other, more exciting possibilities…
Title: The Case Against My Sister: Sixth Grade
So take that Vickie. I for one will be finding a new place to buy my undergarments. And you just lost a Facebook friend. Hurts, doesn't it?
Some research tells me the beer was launched last summer and is contract brewed at Proef. It's 7% ABV and squarely in the Belgian blonde ale category, pouring a pale gold with an enthusiastic fizz which settles to a rocky white head. The aroma is intense and almost witbier-like with its citrus and coriander piquancy, promising sweet bubblegum underneath. So I was surprised to find on tasting it's actually shockingly bitter: I get a kind of raw greenness that shades towards washing-up liquid and lingers in the back of my throat. It's a beer I enjoyed smelling far more than drinking: even adding the lees to the glass did nothing to soften the harshness.
concerning that matter and effect a change. Take advantage of your office
* You have to be over the age of 13
This is a happy day for this blog — marked and noted!
We have a choice. Planting seeds of faith require gratitude which nurtures the composition of the seeds allowing them to flourish into manifestation. What would you like to plant today? I invite you to plant the seeds that would make your life more enjoyable and fulfilling. Write them down. Nourish them with positivity, faith and trust. Weed out doubt, fear, or negativity. Instead, focus your energy on the outcome of these seeds and before long you will begin to see them sprout (manifest) in your life.
I have just returned from Kenya and Somalia and what I and my Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) colleagues are seeing indicates a profoundly distressing situation. In Mogadishu, I met a young woman from the southern region of Lower Shebelle who is now living in one of the many makeshift camps appearing all over the city. She left home with her husband and seven children because of a bad harvest and her inability to afford food and water. Somewhere along her trek, she had to leave her husband and three children behind, as they were too weak to complete the five-day walk.
I declare the constitution of the New World Congress
Exactly when he lived and who he was identified as, is not sure, but most likely he was either Shimon ben Honiyya, which makes him the grandson of Yadu’a, the Kohen HaGadol, who is mentioned in the Book of Nehamyah (12:11,12), and that would mean that he lived in the period of 310-273 BCE (not all the period). Or he is Shimon ben Honiyyah ben Shimon, which would mean that he lived in 219-199 BCE.
It's that time again! You might remember the great post in December 2011 that highlighted the Natural Parents Network Volunteer's most popular or favorite posts from the year. Well, we are back and this time we are bringing you a collection of posts that focus on Do It Yourself projects, How To's, Tutorials, Recipes, and anything related to a step by step guide or informational how-to.
Hollyoaks: Emmett Scanlan (Brendan Brady)
Sadly, I suspect that another reason for this vacuum of information simply has to do with the fact that a lot of people really don't care, as long as ESL problems remain contained within ESL, they will look the other way. Most local people will tell you that it is their own damn fault anyway. (A partial myth that I intend to dispel, it's certainly much more complicated than that!)
Sit quietly for a while. Dig deep as to why you are holding onto all the stuff.
Technology can do some amazing things. Recent years have seen the development of ever-cheaper and more powerful hardware, software that harnesses the hardware to open new vistas for computer users, as well as advancements in cryptography and other sciences. It’s tempting to believe that technology can deliver a risk-free world, if we just work hard enough. However, this is simply not realistic.
So yes I guess I brought this "voluntarily quitting" my career on myself because my marriage vows mean more to me than some job. I don't consider following PCS orders as "voluntarily quitting" but I guess everyone else in the free world does; including military spouses. I should just keep my mouth shut from now on on certain things, but people's responses REALLY got under my skin. I'd like to see them in my exact same situation where they are being told a little bit of financial help for their burden is what they are entitled too, only to find out they aren't AFTER they move 2000 miles away.
“We have already saturated the Walsall North constituency with the latest party leaflet,” Mr Woodall told the meeting. “The response on the doorstep is very positive and has generated many enquiries from those who requested info packs and who want to attend a party meeting,” he said.
doing nothing
Now we need only a subject to test our hypothesis that in fact as the curvilinear function tends towards infinity there is actually a point of intersection (intercourse) out there somewhere. Wow, now I'm feeling a bit like Columbus! Or perhaps more aptly Anthony Michael Hall in Weird Science!
On weeks like this, we don't get to spend a lot of time together. I've seen him only a few hours while he's been awake the last few days. But tonight was so much fun for me.
is here
For me personally, I know that being ignorant of current affairs is not always a good thing, but on this occasion, I simply felt that sometimes ignorance is bliss, or in other words, no news is good news. Sometimes I just need a break from bad news stories and I find that turning a blind eye to the atrocities that are happening in our world can allow me to feel the illusory effect that the world is a happier place.
In America we want kids to have a broad academic education base and to be able to read and write and do math well, traditional school is designed to give a broad liberal arts education. It is the extra-curriculars that are individualized and help develop who a person is. Extra-curricular activities (whether group, team or solo pursuits) are what make us who we are as a unique person. Even if a kid only does group activities their combination of them helps shape them: the baseball lover also is outdoorsy and enjoyed Boy Scouting for many years, the math geek on the math competition team was a chess competitor on weekends and loved running cross country and track and field.
Where I grew up.
What else... Oh, I saw a movie I really liked--Jeff, Who Lives at Home. I love small, independent films; they're quiet and more real. Jason Segal is a doll. He was also in I Love You, Man and Forgetting Sarah Marshall. I hope he doesn't get too overexposed; I don't know about you, but I've had all the Seth Rogen and Jonah Hill I can take. They're both talented (and Seth Rogen is Canadian, in case you didn't know) (I love Canadians), but enough is enough.
2) As long as it’s not too close to my pay by date, I can shift my plan up or down whenever I feel like it.
When older kids were wondering where they could go to recover from frustration and anger, or to confide in someone, some came here, because I'm that mom (or they just as easily got help from Kirby, Marty or Holly).
When I was in the last year of my first marriage and going through a very difficult time, I was just trying to get through each day. There was a book that had been published that year (1998), “Simple Abundance” and the author is Sarah Ban Breathnach.
The article below, that I posted from AP, does that quite nicely:
These are some of the staples of a kit that are needed, as you can see mine is missing quite a few as I didn't have the time to gather all of them but rest assured they will get added to the kit! I will include: whistle, notebook, pens, permanent markets, flashlights, extra batteries, matches, duck tape, money (coins & bills), glow sticks, spare set of keys for each vehicle.
our now and here with paradise)
With a huge stage (size 16×11 meter) and catwalks (size 40×1,3 meter) on each side of the stage, L’arc en Ciel really satisfied the crowd by performing energetically, walking to every side and corner of the stage and adorably (a bit hilarious actually) interacting with the fans. The band kicked off the gig by singing Ibara no Namida, from their 7th album Ray. Without any pause, Hyde, Ken, Tetsu and Yukihiro performed their songs, Chase and Good Luck My Way from their latest album, Butterfly. Hyde looked really beautiful with his braidy hair that night, wearing black and white clothes, showing a bit of his shoulder that made his fan girls (maybe some fan boys too) go crazy. Meanwhile, Ken’s and Tetsu’s suits were more colorful and Yukihiro in his dark coloured shirt, sat silently with his drums in the back. By the time they sang Hitomi no Juunin, Hyde’s fans were melted by his gorgeous appearance, covering his hair with a pretty floppy hat. Along with Tetsu and Ken, he sat and sang the song very gently, yet with solid voice. Later that night, we also have a touching moment when we saw Hyde was crying as he sang Forbidden Lover. But no worries, all the fans still had so much fun especially after the band performed My Heart Draw A Dream when Ken greeted the crowd in Indonesian language. Not only a simple greeting, such as “Selamat Malam” (“Good Night”), but he also told a long story about what he did in Jakarta, like went to Kota Tua, swam at the pool and bought some souvenirs for Hyde. All that was told in Indonesian slang language, which was really funny and entertaining. Later on, Tetsu, who’s known for his habit throwing bananas to the audience, also greeted in such silly words. I don’t know whether it was the crew who had this fun idea or the band themselves who asked them to write something hilarious. This was maybe the one and only gig I’ve ever attended when the bassist said: “Apa kalian mau pisang saya?” (“Do you want my banana?”) and “Apa kalian mau jilat lolipop saya?” (Do you want to lick my lollipop?). Oh my… They really know how to entertain their fans.
This plan of writing outside my apartment has been percolating in my mind for months. Amanda told me that this particular Starbucks, the one further from my house, was better to work at. There's a lot of room, more tables and a bathroom. True on all accounts.
- In Gold Mohur Mills, Dadar east, which has a total land area of 7.05 acres, one small shed is being used for storing cotton. The rest of the land has been lying fallow since 4 years.
mixing in company” with him. At times,
Although no two years are alike, Hayes said, it’s important for Americans to be prepared for the worst.
My Garmin eTrex 20 recorded a pretty accurate tracklog. The 1 second recording interval I am using makes it quite smooth. Battery life has been satisfactory. I don’t have any hard numbers, but I will say that I expected my batteries to be low when I turned on the GPSr. The meter said they were still full. I don’t remember when I last put in batteries. Maybe a couple of months ago. My DeLorme PN-30 would go through batteries even if I never turned the unit on. It used an inordinate amount of battery power when off. I’m guessing it used some power to keep the clock running when powered off. I know of other people who have had the same battery drain with their PNs. It’s frustrating to put a fully-charged set of batteries in a GPSr, not use the thing for a few weeks, then finding out the batteries are dead when you finally go to use it. I’m quite happy to have made the switch to Garmin.
General Lucian Devereaux strode the Cliffhanger’s halls with anger pulsing in his temples like a second heartbeat. He paid little attention to the two men in black and their captive who hung his head and dragged his feet as though half-asleep. The men saluted the general as they passed him, then continued to the top of a descending staircase. It whirred to life, taking the prisoner into the abyss that was the concentration camp’s dungeon.
THE FURORE over the sacking of Professor David Nutt as Government chief drugs adviser has overshadowed any serious debate about his very questionable argument that many illegal drugs are in fact less harmful than alcohol.
Wind power is a popular alternative energy source across Europe. Not just Germany, but practically every country on the continent (and the UK) takes part, however Germany stands in the forefront and is leading the charge into refinement, improvement, and replacement of older, less efficient models. To give you some idea of the improvements, the older windmills generate about 1.8 megawatts of electricity, or 4,700,000 kilowatt hours. That’s enough to supply a thousand households. The newest models generate almost five times that much.
The next workshop is Cathedral Window, Debby is beavering away at the samples and muttering something about whose idea was this - it was hers! Life is too short for cathedral window as far as I am concerned.
I go by Tamika, or Tam for short. I am an 18 year old Eurasian student living in Montreal. Since I am currently unemployed (by choice!) I have a lot of free time in which I do nothing productive. Others have described me as excellent at forgetting things, a master procrastinator, and indecisive about everything. I’d also like to add that I am a cat lover and an avid music listener.
All in all, not a bad place for cheese and beer. And for me, that's often all I need.
2. Whenever you plan to see Frankie Diane Mallis, and it's cold outside, please remember to bring a warm jacket, because you will stand in multiple parking lots for loooong periods of time, talking and laughing, laughing and talking.
14. Surrogat - "Frauen Riechen"
I showed the ornament I received on an earlier post...for some reason I can't get that picture to post today...technical difficulties I guess!! Thanks so much to Shari and to Chookyblue for doing such a marvelous job with this huge Christmas swap!! This was my second year and it was so much fun!!
It is from Next and a little tight across the chest but fits everywhere else.
This week in Hungary was not a, "lets wander around feeling like the English speaker who understands nothing" week. I was attending a workshop on language coaching. I'll save you a long explanation of language coaching...for the time being. The people we were discussing are language learners, much like myself. Some of our learners were brand new to the field, some had been around for a while, others were in the middle ground of discouragement. Half of the learners on my radar screen are brand new, new, or fairly new. They have varying degrees of understanding. Our brand new gal still doesn't hear separate words, simply sounds. She doesn't know what at least 90% of shop signs are advertising. Much like my experience in Budapest.
Not likely. So it’s the same with the Hindu culture and the Vedas. The Vedas are the spine of Hindu tradition and should be respected as such even though many Hindus don’t carry their lessons in the forefront of their minds every day. But visit any Hindu home and you’ll feel the serenity and be the benefactor of their dedication to ahimsa. While not all Hindus are strict vegetarians, the conscientious guest or host will err on the side of caution and not bring any animal based cuisine. If a guest in a Hindu home commits a faux pas, it will probably not be brought to anyone’s attention because to a Hindu, the guest is God. Everyone has the Divine in them and is deserving of service and respect. A simple by–product of ahimsa respect. As one Hindu commits to nonviolence, many he has relationships with follow suit so they do not offend him, their friend who is also divine. The world could learn a lot from Hindus.
And that’s me caught up for now. Have a nice day!
Cravings: So, I totally did not eat healthy this weekend..pizza..PF Changs..ugh!
This^ is where I had my ah ha moment.
to be. In the name of Jesus we pray. Amen.
Scissors and tape
Graphic flashes in my head and suddenly all feels warm
lastly some good news: a brand new edition of the jailbreak-AppleTV2 ” Seas0npass “with assist for the newest firmware 5. 0 (iOS 5. 1 construct 9B189b) is in progress and can be launched for obtain shortly.
Take a deep breath, Alex. It’ll be “fine”.
- a can of crescent rolls
Given the milestone, I thought I should try and write something slightly less trite than usual. At that, I may have failed, but here it is anyhow, the 1001st blog post. Cue the trumpets...
For our purposes, 'session beer' is defined as a beer that is:
After they shared ‘the best lasagna ever’ Regina recounted the story of how she found David on the side of the road one night (before she brought him to the hospital where we met him), and then tried to kiss him. To his credit, David refused her advances, but that doesn’t really leave me feeling all that relieved.
Waterstones owner Alexander Mamut has become the highest ranking book trade name on the list, with the paper putting the Russian's fortune at £1.3bn, and ranking him in 53rd place. His fortune is £478m down on last year.
And what to see when you get there?
Our first 3 months in Buenos Aires, we lived in a rental apartment and learned our way around ... a tiny bit.
Whenever objectionable material appears, and on my political blogs it occasionally has, it's a snap to remedy. You can delete it without a trace, or you can vindictively leave a trace with the author's blogging user name attached. In particular cases where someone has written a page of particularly abusive stuff, I have relished in leaving just his name there so he gets the message that he's putting out much more energy and time trying to be abusive than I am deleting him.
Next either the 800 or short hurdles – I haven't decided yet.
If you identify with this, I'd love to know. It's about being real...
For me the jury is still out on Canero but I do think he has the potential to be a future world champion.
Yesterday was my son's monster-themed first birthday party! For this past 6 weeks, preparing for this party was an absolute labor of love, and I cherished every minute. I've had so much fun "pinning," brainstorming, crafting, sewing, glueing, and shopping for my first baby's first birthday, and everything came together just as I hoped it would. It was an amazing day with lots of wonderful family, friends, food, and fun - I know Henry won't remember it...but I sure will!
This is the trickiest sewing.
Picture the scene: It is Wednesday morning – early. I am up and mentally going over the list of things I need to do. My sister is due to arrive at 11:00 am. Then Susan Renaud is leading a three-part regression out of my house. I did pretty much all the cleaning I needed to do. Just maybe some re-arranging is left, but there is plenty of that.
Did I? Errr…well no, but it’s a pretty decent effort, compared to the others, so let’s see…
Rating: 5/10
Chop parsley in food processor or chop finely by hand. Set aside.
Having come to the conclusion, a few weeks shy of publication of my new novel, that my attempt to spend the months leading up to publication blogging about the experience of awaiting publication is not only the sort of thing that interests me least (thus boring me silly), but also seems fairly unwholesome and even morally suspect (thus leaving me queasy), I herewith leave off.
Spitfire - (Premium bitter) 4.5% ABV
My in-laws have arrived in town for a visit, so I'll be slipping away from my computer for the next few days, probably through the weekend, to allow time to be a proper hostess, and enjoy their visit. Before I log-off though, I want to leave you with a quick review of Froguts.com's virtual dissection program.
Do they hear their father sigh?
This is tough! There are a few that really and truly drew me in until I was completely hooked. The Ambassadors of Death, Robots of Death, The Pyramids of Mars, Talons of Weng Chiang, Ghostlight, The Android Invasion, The Daemons.
12:00 A.M. AFT
The message from the majority of the task force echoed a 1983 report, called “A Nation at Risk.” Commissioned by President Ronald Reagan, it fueled three decades of efforts to overhaul U.S. schools.
In addition, the album is up in the top of pre-order charts and overall sale charts in online music mp3 websites and music CD purchase websites, foretelling the success of this album.
A more interesting building
Her eyes shot open. ”Dance with me!” she ordered. Except it wasn’t so much of a demand as I was already pulling her up off the floor and holding her close.
Everyone who received a book was very appreciative and grateful. I'm afraid that we were not as successful as we'd hoped at reaching "reluctant" or "light" readers. A couple of self-admitted reluctant readers studied our selection and ended up leaving empty handed, saying that they already had enough books to read. I'm wondering if that was partly because all of our books were serious fiction and perhaps too literary for "light" readers. Now that I look at some of the other possibilities, I realize that our selections probably reflect our high-falutin' fiction preferences--perhaps not as appealing to those light readers. (We chose books that we'd read and loved.) If we'd been distributing The Hunger Games, perhaps even light readers would have been interested. (The Hunger Games was one of the choices, but of course it was the most popular!)﻿
I've been feeling that feeling of rediscovery often these days. Losing and letting go of some things that had been very important to me, convincing myself that it wasn't so important to have lost them, and then relishing in rediscovering them. Exercise is one of these things. I have slacked on it since E was born, feeling like it wasn't right for me to try to run when she might need me at any moment or that I couldn't focus on my yoga practice when half (or more) of my brain was on when she'd need me next. But I'm learning that I need to take these times for myself to be a good mother. We've taken some very long walks in this glorious weather as a family which have managed to push my stamina to its limits while being so fun and relaxing at the same time. We've started just parking the car and getting lost in the gorgeous neighborhoods of the city we inhabit, wandering far away and then miraculously finding our way back, usually taking a break for all of us to eat along the way.
But what is “time” but a fabrication of rotations in the 3rd Density?
Gone are the days when I used to read in bed at night for hours.
"Bristol please don't put the WHOLE roll of toilet paper in the toilet, No, B you cannot scale the stairs, B stop pulling Gage's tail, Get out of what used to be my flower bed..."
Receive BNOTP updates right in your Inbox:
2) My braxton hicks DO get stronger. I would put the ones I'm getting now on a strength scale of 2, but they did get up to a 10 with pregnancy #2. The main difference is that real contractions hurt. Even the first one I had caused a small amount of pain. My braxton hicks tighten, but they don't ever hurt. It's not like cramping for me at all. Labour however, can start out like cramping.
Walk home from work keeping up with an all-of-a-sudden independent three year old.
01. Good-bye Blues (McHugh-Fields-Johnson) 2:32
“He’s drawn up solar charts and moon charts and mapped out ley lines, all to work a magic spell. He thinks that under the right conditions the group can raise enough power to feed to him so he can work a bona fide, pure magical spell.”
I hope Santa makes you smile as much as he makes me:)
Back in 1616, Cardinal Bellarmine had given Galileo a certificate which stated that Galileo must not hold or defend Copernicus’ opinion. He was, however, allowed to use it as a hypothesis.
The earliest American reference to Groundhog Day can be found at the Pennsylvania Dutch Folklore Center at Franklin and Marshall College:
I always love that back to school vibe that seems to arrive in late August. It brings the excitement of new possibilities. The feeling that anything is possible: It always seems that this will be the year I reinvent myself into the person I want to be… Forget January. Fall is my new year!
Now fast forward to the present. Let’s say that somebody is about to carry out such an act in the name of God. How should we react? Granted, the act was not carried out. However, we don’t know in advance is God’s plan. In addition, there is plenty evidence of God going either way, in terms of killings. So what should we do or think?
If I Do Quit, Then What?
Last but not least, Magali DeLa Cruz, in the picture below, has now moved to Sautter. Magali is one of the most knowledgeable person in the world about cigars - she is the third generation in her family to work in the tobacco industry, her family grew tobacco and her mother has been a cigar roller all her life!
So where was I? Ah, yes – the dragons of Fallenwood. Well, dragons are a classic ingredient of fantasy mythology and I wanted to add my own spin to them. Ordinary dragons are all well and good, but I like dragons that have jobs, like ushering in the new day and giving advice like sages. So I guess that’s what makes mine unique – I can’t even let my dragons lounge around and be slacker types. Sheesh!
Including all of mine
The down sides to Mirena: having pregnancy symptoms & not being able to lose weight. Now many people discredit the fact that Mirena causes women not to lose weight but I’ve done research online & have found otherwise. Turns out I’m not the only woman on Mirena who can’t lose weight no matter how hard they try.
While most children leave out cookies and milk for the fat bastard who breaks into your house, we didn't follow that motto. Hooo no, not the Merlot twins. One year my sister commented that Santa probably got tired of milk & cookies, and wanted something different. Dad muttered, "Santa would probably like a cold beer and a shot of whiskey." Mom was not amused in the slightest. So, what did we figure out?
Listen to “Stupid jerk”
The truth of the matter, as aggrieved libertarians have been saying for years, is that Spencer was a thoroughly benign classical liberal. Yes, he coined the phrase “survival of the fittest” (a term Darwin embraced), but contrary to generations of propaganda, he did not oppose charity (he celebrated it at great length), did not advocate the mastery of superior races over allegedly inferior ones, did not believe corporations should ride roughshod over the poor (he supported labor unions), and was in fact a great foe of imperialism and a champion of women’s suffrage.
top with a few sprinkles of gorgonzola and roast for about 5 more minutes until cheese starts to bubble.
Hi New Blogging Friends,
The early accounts written by the people the Arabs conquered never mention Islam, Muhammad, or the Qur'an. They call the conquerors "Ishmaelites," "Saracens," "Muhajirun," and "Hagarians," but never "Muslims."
rested 5000 years
The other day we went to Wal-mart in Provo and found a CARS slip n' slide for $5.00!!! I thought that that was THE ultimate deal. So of course the spender I am had to get it :)
2) I get to write dark, light, and everything in between: My Elemental Assassin books are dark, violent, bloody, and gritty, while my Mythos Academy young adult series is a little less so. I like being able to mix it up and go between dark and not-so dark, an adult voice and a younger voice. I think it help keeps my writing fresh.
This haunted eve, the silver Moon is queen;
-1 and 1/2 pounds small summer squash (about 2 cups, cooked)
Obviously their paid for services cover more in-depth analysis and ground but still, the free stuff on their site is a gold mine if used properly.
Something feels like it has to give. So lets get real crazy...
Bathsheba’s story proves that God redeems even the most heinous sin. He loves to restore and rebuild, and His word is the only final word in our lives. So don’t let your past hold you back. God is not done with you, either.
For love
The above policies need to be adapted with great insight to the specific circumstances of this country. In particular it is necessary to consider the dual nature of the South African economy and to match consumption patterns to local production capacity. This consideration supports the first of the above New Economics principle and runs counter to the 'neo-liberal' wisdom of the globalisation process.
This time the thoughts took on a life of their own.
He picked number 1. SURPRISE!
There was an interesting profile of the author recently published in New Yorker magazine (April 25, 2011, p. 54-65). For me it made the book even richer by having first read the profile, to understand the interests, motivations, and background of the author. If you are interested in reading this book, you may enjoy reading the New Yorker profile first.
Memorize the precise order of ten shuffled decks of cards in one hour.
Hebrews become infatuated with the new culture: their religion, their food, their clothing, etc.. not surprising, they took over because they wanted what they had! But the elders realize that's a risk: If the people take on this new culture, they'll become polytheists and God will be pissed off and take away their victory! And the cynic in me says they just saw a threat to their authority, but either way, they made laws to make anything Canaanite bad, so their people would stay away from them and not become like them. Canaanites ate shellfish -not something goat herders ate- so that is now prohibited! Canaanites were farmers, they had cotton-makes for nicer feeling clothes than wool... so no! can't mix that in with your wool robes, stay with scratchy! Canaanites had temple prostitutes -talk about motivation to go to church- so that's verboten now too! And you guessed it, like a lot of ancient civilizations, Canaan was openly tolerant and rather bisexual, like the Greeks will be when they come onto the scene.
And there was plenty of running around and craziness after the waffles to burn off all that sugar. She just kept trying to catch birds. She really doesn't understand why birds won't fly over and land on her outstretched fingers. I, personally, am glad they won't.
“Being like everybody is the same as being nobody.” — Rod Serling
A further couple sauntered in, reeking of smoke and chatting. They sat themselves hard to my left. I wanted to cry. Sandwiched by weirdoes.
“It’s scary.”
This week’s reading has been so exciting – only one more week before I find out the conclusion! Onto this week’s questions: (Whoops! Forgot to draw your attention to spoilers!!)
I never really felt ‘great’ or in a groove but kept on with plan. The hubs was out on the course and kept checking in on me. Around the 19km mark, my breathing just felt off but I was still on plan. By the time I got to the 25km mark it was just all bad. I told the hubs to meet me at 30km and I would assess how I felt. At 30km, I could barely keep my breathing under control. The hubs had his asthma meds which I took a hit of and we planned to run 1km to see if it helped.
One of the Vampire Dawn books, Dead on Arrival was inspired by the cover picture (you can see it on Facebook). It was one of a batch of pictures my lovely publisher found and sent to me - it was far and away the best and has set the style for the series.
It is fairly obvious Obama and Congress rushed through H.R. 347 in order to curtail demonstrations that will undoubtedly occur during both Democrat and Republican conventions this summer. Also known as the “Federal Restricted Buildings and Grounds Improvement Act of 2011,” the bill makes it a felony to disrupt or protest at any place or event attended by any person with secret service protection.
But John Laurinaitus has something to say about this.
neighbours. At age 17, Ashley took an entire bottle of antidepressants and drank several glasses of champagne with it.
Here is the brief list of songs that one of our wonderful interns came up with that are currently popular and don’t have inappropriate references/language. The musicians might not all be quality role models and the songs might not all be positive, but at the very least, they don’t shout “Hey 8 year old! Binge drinking, STDs and rehab are f-ing awesome!”
still we make a rainbow
Name(s): STAR AMERICA AVIATION COMPANY
Richard gets more than he bargained for when he meets the lovely Amanda, and their story is filled with swashbuckling heroes and high-seas adventure.
The issues at the top of this page are small in comparison to the marketing ploys of charter schools. It is doubtful that anything of value will come from the CA State Board of Education ordering new rules in 2011 to clarify how charter schools are granted statewide operating privileges. The action comes in the wake of a July 2010 Court of Appeals ruling that found the CA State Board of Education improperly awarded statewide status to Aspire Public Schools, a charter school company founded in 2000. The reason: being aware versus wanting to believe.
1/4 cup chopped cilantro
And that’s when I learned my first lesson in guild recruitment: “Never ever ever ever recruit people solely based on filling up a raid team.”
Recently I read Old Ways Of Working Wood by Alex Bealer. In it, he mentions the Romans' methods for securing workpieces to their benches without the use of vises.
He watched as she wrapped her arms around her chest and appeared to go into self-preservation mode.
Kompany was booked for a foul on Rooney in the first of a series of decisions given by Marriner to the displeasure of the City supporters but Mancini’s team remained focus on the matter at hand and finished the half the stronger of the two sides.
A 34 year old Malaysian cleaner was killed on the spot at the Budget terminal after being hit by a taxi driven by a 30 year old PRC man. According to ComfortDelGro spokesperson Tammy Tan, the taxi driver was driving the PRC man to the airport when they somehow got into an argument.
‘But it’s an exciting and important step forward. Many of those who receive this treatment have lost their vision for many years. The impact of them seeing again, even if it is not normal vision, can be profound and at times quite moving.’ Mr Millar, 60, who was behind Sade’s Diamond Life album, has been blind for 25 years. He said: ‘Since switching on the device I am able to detect light and distinguish the outlines of objects.
Let's say that this lower class France is still, in the circumstances, the donkey in the fable, the flayed and scabby "populist" scapegoat that is the source of all the evil of Lepenism. This resentment of the media and the political class towards "populism" is strange. Is it possible that the democratic power, of which we are so proud, is allergic to listening to the people? This is in any case what the said people thinks. When asked "Are political office holders concerned about what people like you think?" The share of the full negative answer "not at all" increased from 15% of the total in 1978 to 42% in 2010! The share of positive answers ("a lot" or "to a fair extent") fell from 35% to 17% .... The least we can say is that the relationship between the people and the state is not one of trust.
Yeah, one man’s poison, can be another man’s food. What brings about this? Ok, picture this:- In an university setting, two different people, of same course, one studies very hard, and the other studies in a minimal way. At the end of the day, result comes out, the studious one has 4.52 as current gp and the other 2.5 as gp. Both of them are happy that they passed. The 1st person is looking down on the second person as a failure, and the less studious one is telling himself that he passed. Afterall, he had no carry-over. Now, who among them is right? And who is wrong? Will you say the other guy was a failure?
Sora:
That leaves out a lot of kids. It certainly would have left ME out.
Asked if the fact that the bomb exploded at a military location was not an indictment on the nation’s security, the minister said, “It is not an indictment or assault on the military because it happened outside the barracks where people go to for relaxation”.
-JARVIS 24 by David Metzenthen -- I haven't actually read this one, BUT I have heard so much awesome about it.
Following the same strategy as in with the first two colors add the next darker shade R85. I again add this from the bottom of each petal moving up to just below the previous color layer. If you look close you can see four color layers: R0000 base, R81, R83, R85. Can you see it?!!
I double-checked the schedule to make sure: Tennessee played Georgia last Saturday. Not LSU. Not Alabama.
Once the style is finished and you like it -- you should feel comfortable to make comments/adjustments that are both positive and negative -- and make sure to take several photos. For your hair, you need pictures from multiple angles -- front, both sides and above. For makeup you only need a front shot but you want to write down every color used and where -- foundation, powder, blush, eyeshadow, liners, lipstick, mascara -- so on your wedding day you and the makeup artist remember what you liked.
As I write – we’re talking beyond the frequent or occasional blog, I must make it a goal to avoid stopping to edit the ‘horrid’ work I see before me. I have realized I will never get far or even finished if I tell myself to edit every chapter to perfection until I move forward.
BOY! That is a BAD, BAD word. BOY, I NEVER, never, NEVER want to hear you say that word again.
Because we will never survive the dark and gloom.
The Weems-Botts house itself was built sometime in the 1750s and is thought to have originally been the vestry for the Quantico church. It is named for two of its prestigious past residents, Mason Locke Weems and Benjamin Botts. Weems purchased the home in the late 1790s, although he did not live there – instead, he used it as a bookshop. Weems is a fascinating character, and of great interest to me is the fact that he was a biographer of George Washington, and was the creator of the famous cherry tree myth (“I cannot tell a lie”) associated with Washington (apparently the story is based somewhat in fact, but Weems embellished it to help elevate Washington to American Hero status). He also coined the term “best-seller,” and invented several marketing ploys for his books that are still used today, which is quite thrilling to a word nerd like me.
We eventually made it to Madison. I have bruises all over my thighs and hips, but everything got unpacked and so far the only casualty is a champagne glass. Woohoo. This is a quick shot of our new home, out of my car window on the way to run errands (off to Target, then grocery store, then TJs, then Target, repeat over and over and over and over… man, I am tired of moving). ANYHOO. Home. New home. We really really love it; for now we’re renting until we get the lay of the town and then hopefully in the next year we know where we want to settle more permanently.
Same as usual...I am just proud of myself for sticking to it and going EVERYDAY!
As a semi-finalist, you've earned the honor of being published in a volume of contemporary poetry called Verses and Visions, and in a few weeks you will receive an Author's Proof. Please proofread it, make any corrections your poem, and return it to us if you wish to have your poem included in this collection. At this time, you will receive a brief critique of your poem from the editor who has been assigned to you.
10-10-04 Form: 12215/11P1/2PP2P/2536F-030341 Owner: David McCammon
I did manage to put together this little lovely last week, I have ogled this cute stamp from Technique Tuesday for some time now, and was happy it finally came back in stock...
But the results of his biopsy and examinations took a different path.
Beki Bondage left Vice Squad shortly after the band completed a tour of the United States and Canada in support of its second album. The remaining members of the group recruited a new lead singer, but very modest record sales led to them breaking up in 1985.
It started a few weeks ago, when I was filling-out one of those shopping questionnaires that come in the mail so that they send you a coupon for 5 cents off ketchup.
"To be great is to be misunderstood." "Insist on yourself; never imitate. Your own gift you can present every moment with the cumulative force of a whole life's cultivation; but the adopted talent of another you have only an extemporaneous half possession." "Do that which is assigned to you, and you cannot hope too much or dare too much." "For everything that is given something is taken. Society acquires new arts and loses old instincts."
“Bottom is the only person in Shakespeare to undergo a ‘literal’ metamorphosis; not that he seems to notice any difference, apart from feeling ‘marvellous hairy about the face.’ He is also the only human in the play who ‘literally’ sees the fairies; though he talks to Peaseblossom, Cobweb, and Mustard seed as they ‘do him courtesies,’ as easily as he does to Quince, Snug, and Francis Flute – even if he does find himself asking for ‘a bottle of hay.’ And, when it comes to acting, Bottom reveals himself to be an extreme ‘literalist’, albeit willing and eager to play every part. When the distractedly doting Titania swears how much she loves him, he seems not to be greatly surprised, though it can hardly be said to go to his head – human or asinine.
This week is the called the passion of Christ – a week that connects the triumphal entry and the resurrection by way of the temple being turned, the betrayal by Judas and denial by Peter, the mockery & trial of the Romans, and the crucifixion at the demand of the Jewish leaders…
leaving me in chilly shadows.
3 suggestion
I was struck by this and intrigued. Both of them described me as “lit up”. What does that mean?
Turkish lads is tassled fez, tots from France, Greece and Poland.
When they are closed, locked, fastened or nailed shut, almost anything might be inside. In fact until the box is opened absolutely possibilities are limited only by that which our imagination can conjure.
We need fathers. We need strong, Christian fathers who are involved with their children, and let their children win; and let their children lose. We need fathers that discipline and teach our children the things like swimming that require trust. We need fathers who treat their daughters with grace and give their children a love for culture.
As much time as Jack wasted in the first 3 films wanting to be the most memorable pirate and wanting to live forever he isn’t even fussed about the fountain being right in front of him. The ending was an anti-climax with no big reveal. The biggest cringing moment was at the end when Jack and Gibbs reunite, after Gibbs had stolen all the ships in a bottle from Blackbeard’s ship, now Barbossa’s. Then to end with a bang Jack turns to Gibbs and says, “A pirates life for me,” screen fades to black and I want to fall over dead.
Local food is particularly special in the fact that it is fleeting. My favorite aspect is that in order to catch that perfect taste you must be in tune with the weather, season and farm. Garlic scapes are one of those fleeting seasonal foods. The scape of the garlic is the flower of the plant. It’s long, green, curly Q that begins to grow in late May. It should be harvested when it begins to curl so that the plant can dedicate its energy to the bulb and not reproduction. In northern climates, the garlic scape is typically ready to harvest in June.
Our intrepid newsteam member Lusanda Bill will be live from 12h00 – 13h00, bringing you some smooth and silky sounds.
Now on to the point I raised earlier and promised to return to. Any believer who has read this far may well be thinking something along the lines of: “yes, but you atheists all think abortion and gay rights are ok” or “every atheist I speak to sounds like a fundamentalist to me”. It may seem like that but it is certainly not the case. There is no fundamental or core system of beliefs that being an atheist requires. It may seem that there is a liberal bias in the atheist community but that is really rooted in the concept that empirical scientific evidence is required (not just anecdotal hearsay or opinion) before anything can be truly accepted as fact. Scientific data rarely back up bigoted opinions about race or sexual orientation and a rejection of any hypothesis that cannot be independently verified, rather than it ‘just feeling right’ is often at the heart of an atheist’s world view. Many atheists may come across in a condescending or patronising manner because there is as much evidence for and adult’s belief in god as for a child’s belief in the tooth fairy (tooth at night - money in the morning, all the other children in class have the same, parents tell of a tooth fairy, why would a child not believe?). Just as the child in class with the older sibling tells all his or her classmates of the fairy fiction espoused by all their parents, so too the atheist feels the need to explain his or her revelation to all the naive believers who will listen. It is not surprising that many believers will be offended by the certainty or persistence of the atheist but this should not be mistaken for fundamentalism. A fundamentalist will continue to believe whatever her or she believes no matter what opposing evidence or argument is presented to them, the term ‘blind faith’ becomes appropriate here. A questioning mindset is often what brought an atheist to their gnosis, hard evidence to the contrary should never be dismissed.
save willows, willows
Today we are starting something very exciting. We are having a DIGI DAY!!! This week and one week each month, we'll be showcasing digi's from multiple companies!!! And that means multiple prizes for you!!!!
But it is one of the great misconceptions, a Protestant retrospective, to put it another way, that Catholics were always ready to obey the Pope in political as well as religious matters; they were not, either before or after the Reformation. By and large English Catholics remained loyal to Elizabeth and her successors, the aberration of the Gunpowder Plot notwithstanding. More than that, as the century progressed they were among the most loyal, as the Civil Wars proved.
8 lemons
(Field of dandelions. Photo by Robin. 2006)
4. The Lighter Side of Life and Death C.K. Kelly Martin
PRODUCT: Each session will be 20 minutes in length with a final product of 6+ edited photos (a black and white for each photo will be included) on a CD. You will receive your photos within 2 weeks of the session.
Tulle: Glitz Design
Hopefully, this blog will be enjoyable and maybe even an encouragement to any readers or visitors!
He lives and loves me to the end.
Some good articles on the A-B InBev merger can be found here.
I have a bit of a confession to make. I think I have a problem… Since first starting the whole Paleo/Primal thing (yes, I still haven’t picked one. Deal with it.) I’m addicted to cooking! I spend a crazy amount of time in my tiny apartment kitchen… Things have worked well the last few weeks with fitting my addiction into my every day life since Ange has been crazy busy at work putting in 100′s of hours a week and providing me with all the time in the world to “feed” my addiction… But that’s about to change I hope and I don’t want my girlfriend to think I’m cheating on her with my new habit! :-p What can I say? There are just so many incredible recipes I want to try… paleOMG.com deserves all the credit. Her recipes are incredible!! Only down side… there are a lot of recipes in the Paleo world that use cauliflower as a substitute for rice. Tastes wonderful, but I’m told by my staff that it kinda makes the whole store smell like “stale farts” :p Oops! Hahaha! To make matters worse, cauli was on sale this week for like .87¢ add I may have bought a ton of it!
This first outfit is easy to throw on and looks very put together. The scarf is amazing!
Q. Have you ever looked at a book's cover and thought, this is going to be horrible? But was instead pleasantly surprised? Show us the cover and tell us about the book.
I made this with roasted asparagus (Take asparagus, and put on a baking sheet, drizzle with olive oil, and top with salt and pepper. Then bake at 375 for about 12 minutes). Below is the chicken recipe from CookingLight.com:
When finished, scoop the ice cream into a freezer safe container and freeze for an hour or two before serving (unless you like soft serve).
In this short introduction the students had shown that they has understood something that many academics and consultants seem totally blind to…the basics of human nature. Some things simply don’t change. Feelings of love, desire, our fears, our ambitions and the need to feel valued; all of these remain constant from one generation to another.
Matador, 2011. ISBN 978-1848766105. 325 pages. Review copy kindly provided by author.
“I think Dominique’s dead.”
I want to be able to tell our sister that it was a community that cared for her, that knows she can do great things with her life! Someone asked me but why? Why not help here? Firstly my hubby and I, do donate a lot of time and money to local based groups. BUT, NOBODY in Canada is suffering they way the DRC is suffering, the atrocities are tremendous. It is amazing what westerners consider as necessities for life.
Landmark Intellectual Property Cases and their Legacy. This intriguing title has been put together by scholars Christopher Heath and Anselm Kamperman Sanders (editors) and has been published by Wolters Kluwer Business & Law. Further particulars can be found here. A reviewer with an across-the-board interest in intellectual property and a solid academic pedigree might be best placed to review this.
Call me what you will. Just make sure you include the word consistent.
I added about 5 friend and with that comes 5 bullies. My friend made fun of me not doing something they think as popular. So I lost 3. The girl I had a crush on stopped talking to me. And later my only friend was this one girl who talked to me and made me feel like I should still be alive. The bullies though were in all of my classes. No escape.
Wow. A huge foot stepped on the Shinigami troop. Huge. Shows that the enemy is something to face against. Worthwhile, you might say.
For those unfamiliar with Ms. Mortimer, she is very much a product of the UES (Upper East Side) and a clothing designer in her own right. Below we see the designer in one of her own creation on the left, and in a Beyond Vintage piece on the right.
Else if the light shines off the input, the input fits one of the patterns three pieces, so that the pattern sees the input.
Don’t leave all the details till the last minute if you can help it. Make your favors – if they’re not perishable - weeks in advance. Once you finalize the bridal party and ceremony send the info to the printer for your program. Don’t be afraid to ask others for help.
They put up barriers ("it's just not been done before"), they lie ("they won't accept you without certain tests"), and they make it as difficult as possible.
But some big "do" was taking place.
I had only just sketched this little one's face when she said her name was Penelope Poppet... she told me I was dilly dallying... which I was... procrastinating... and to get a move on... this little one has attitude... hmmmm... pink hair... I wonder if she is related to Francie...lol
If only he/she would/wouldn’t
As I mentioned in my last post, I've been quite concerned about getting my quality leeks planted out on the plot. The 'Pendle' plants that John Trim kindly gave me have done particularly well in their 4" square pots and were fitted with 12" collars a couple of weeks back. However, plenty of roots were coming through the bottom of the pots, so these were the priority. Fortunately, the weather has got somewhat better in the last couple of days and there is no serious rain expected in the forecastable future. So, with that in mind, last night the 16 strongest plants were givennew homes. As you casn see, they have literally been put straight in with no additional support for the flags, but that will be attended to over the next couple of weeks. They have, however, been carefully positioned so that the flags should all fall in the same direction. The plastic sheeting in the bottom left of the photo covers a new sowing of Florence Fennel var. Di Firenze.
In order to make sense of this curious reversal, it’s going to be necessary to take a hard look at some of the less creditable dimensions of the climate change movement. I should say first that as far as I can tell, the great majority of ordinary people who got involved in the climate change movement were guided by the most sincere and sensible motives. Dumping billions of tons of fossil carbon into the atmosphere was a dumb idea all along; pretending that all that carbon could be dumped there without disrupting the subtle and complex balance of the world’s climate was even dumber; and the response to those paired stupidities included a great deal that was praiseworthy.
A wet-look swimsuit. Jessica, you total GENIUS.
Yesterday's photoshoot was laid back fun. We did the whole shoot around the rehearsal studios, mostly outside. Some long exposures and 2 second smiles should lead to at least a handful of shots we can use on the new album liner and around the interweb. We'll post some here once they are back from the lab.
I still thank and bless every one of you out there reading, loving, praying, supporting, sharing etc.
on a lucky thrift adventure with my friend
The Acer A200 doesn’t feature a rear-facing camera, so you have to make do with the front-facing lens. All this is really good for is profile shots and video chat, but you’re still given a few meagre settings to play with.
Total spent $61.50.
I was comfortable in the hospital. I had a room where friends and family could visit. I had a place to go and put my feet up after being at my baby's bedside for hours. He was right down the hall from me and I could go see him all the time. We were under the same roof and it was comforting. But that was about to change. I had stayed the maximum number of nights and this was it. My post partum nurse was sweet. She knew our new baby was in the NICU and wouldn't be going home with us at this time. She told us we could stay until 11 pm that night if we wanted.
Stephenie Meyer was once quoted saying, “I write for myself.” As much as it pains me to say it—and trust me, it does—she has a point. The reason why anyone puts words to paper is to express something in themselves. Ideas, past experiences, wacky dreams, social awareness, and philosophies are deposited to text as a creative outlet. It’s almost spiritual and it’s the very foundation of writing. All the editing, themes, and audience-pleasing comes secondary.
not only did they explain chai to me in detail they also
Anyway, here is wishing Kroger good luck.
Many thank-yous to the uncountable readers, commenters, emailers, and guest posters of swpd. I've learned much more than I can say about the insidious tenacity of de facto white supremacy -- the pain it causes non-white people, and the common tendencies it encourages in white people. It's also been good to see other people finding something of value here. I can only hope that any good this blog has done so far has outweighed the bad that it's also done.
1) God doesn't want you doing gay stuff in the winter. Wait until Spring to be abominations unto the Lord
Photos: Paul Alvin Guinto, Gibo Gantioqui and Yohan Delacruz
215-245- Midgetmen
I also noted I had gone through Rob’s tool box from the boat, this was a very cool toolbox that rolled out into quite a big expanse, had a ton of little compartments for small bits and pieces. I was going through this also for Mike, the other friend who had helped clear the boat out.
I’m a little below average height, a lot above average weight, and male pattern baldness is running rampant through my genes. What future can I possibly create from here? What can I do to escape the tailor made hell I have prepared for myself? What can I do to live that life less ordinary, the road less traveled, as Robert Frost proclaims?
1 enfolding
The continuous growth of the population of the Nile Basin is one of the factors dominating these calculations. Population growth has already encouraged abstraction of groundwater, especially for domestic water supply, in both rural and urban areas without any corresponding increase in surface water resources. More than 5 percent of the water used in Egypt is groundwater. The groundwater in the Sudan is pumped from the aquifers underlying wadi beds such as the Gash, Howare, and Nyala. For rural communities, in particular, these are essential sources for domestic purposes. Safe abstraction of groundwater can provide a quick solution for small-scale projects, but in the long term will not provide basin-wide solutions to shortages in key sectors such as agriculture.
In fact, they should strive to improve environmental conditions through the capital that they acquire. Obviously they shouldn’t feel obligated, although if the business becomes economically successful throughout the duration of their venture, I see no reason why they couldn’t allocate some of their financial security towards enhancing the communities they operate in. In my mind, it is especially evident and critical in countries and communities that are less fortunate. I would also say that this is generally where businesses envision maximum potential for sustained growth and interaction.
Ten seconds and it’s over. Nothing left of Agnieszka but her silver and green Mercury 500 trainers, logos filling the camera like startled eyebrows. The image of the year; of the decade, probably. The picture on every student’s wall, on T-shirts and placards and newspaper spreads. And the reason my boss will call me tonight – the front cover for Epoch magazine’s Review of the Year.
I have to say, as a CAS card maker, it was really hard to work out how much to put on this card. I could probably add a few more things and still be happy, but I decided to stop where I was. Directly from Karola's inspiration is the green frame, the stripey banner, and the love heart. I also used the sense of texture and different patterns. From the Tuesday Trigger I used the colours, the blue ribbon, and my own sense of the warmth of home.
found a small loom that works really well.
nil at this time of year, I hope all settles down for you Elaine and you are welcome back any time.
The funny thing is I remember, and it wasn’t just the last job but just about every job I’ve had, how I would get to work and count the minutes to break time, lunch time, home time. In the last job what made it bearable was I used to write in lots of my breaks, laptop on another desk — they didn’t trust I wasn’t writing all the time when I should’ve been working (me write my novel in work? Coughs into hand) so I had to sit with laptop to show I was on a break. Now I hear Ross from Friends in my head … I was on a break! I did suggest to the boss if the fact it was break time (that was more or less the same every day) and I was the only one in the room wasn’t evidence I was on a break and therefore using my memory stick to write on the work computer (permitted in break times) I could always wear a hat to show I was on a break. The next day I brought my laptop to work and set it up on the empty desk so I could move to it. This is all true by the way. And this is someone who got great appraisals and my work was always done. In fact for the first time in my life I became a rebel! Debz the writer has spoken!
Thank you for visiting The E-Team for our first eclectic Challenge: "Your a Good Egg". They came up with some creative, resourceful, and artful ways with a little Distress Ink, some dies and an egg carton. Your comments motivate them to accept any challenge I can come up and make some kind of wonderful projects to share with you.
Let me run with perseverance the race marked out for me Lord, let me fix my eyes on Jesus Christ, The Author and Finisher and Perfecter of my faith! Amen!
I'm always looking for guest bloggers so if you think you have what it takes to write a post for Crazy Beautiful Love (and I'm sure you do) or the new blog I'm working on (The Designer Gene Club), just click here to find out how.
The picture above (which can be enlarged by clicking on it) was taken from the deck of a catamaran off the coast of the Caribbean island of St. Lucia. The twin peaks shown are The Pitons (Les Pitons), St. Lucia’s most famous landmark. The Pitons top 2,000 feet in height and flank the entrance to the town of Soufriere on the west coast of the island.
“Yes, Doctor, I’ve noticed that. But can’t you treat it? Am I going to lose my sight?” I was beginning to panic.
My daughter wanted to have a yard sale last summer. She informed me that she didn’t want most of her toys, especially her Beanie Babies. It brought a tear to my eye. Not really, but I could have if I wanted to. “But, Alex, they are brand new. Wouldn’t it be great to bring out one every once in a while for your own little girl? “ She just rolled her eyes at me. I took that as a “We won’t have a yard sale then.” Mom’s toy hoarding prevails. So, in the future, when crazy Grandma Vickie comes to visit, she will have a Beanie Baby for the grandchild, and in the end, Alex will have them in her home and she won’t be able to give them away. hahaha
To explain that further, a student in economics might have been stuck when it came to understanding, for example, algorithms. Search for ‘algorithms’ in Intute and you find some good basic websites that should help the student. For mathematicians, however, most of those results would be far too basic.
Stray Dog –Chevrolet
Let me make this shit simple … if she’s so on your mind and so the subject of your desires, then please do all of us a favour and go call that bitch and leave my ass out of it! IF she isn’t and with me is actually where you wanna be then understand this and understand it quickly, I am not her, I never will be her, nor do I want to be.
I used to decorate my Dining Room Tree but since there is not a lot of time between Valentine's Day, St. Patrick's Day and Easter, I opted to skip St. Patrick's Day and go right to decorating for Easter after Valentine's Day.
I'm off now to make a start on Sunday lunch.
Breakfast was an egg white omlette with lots of chopped veggies and black coffee (not so bad actually). I have had an apple with a handful of almonds – and hmmm what for lunch? I will put something together and let you know! I intend to do a zumba dvd later on. Telling you (whoever you may be) this intention makes me think I will actually do it! : ) I promise to tell you the truth!
As he reached the handle to the door he looked back just in time to see the woman hurdle the chair with ease. Stunned at her athleticism he fumbled for the shotgun, unable and unwilling to take his eyes off of her.
November 9-11, 2011
For honour and beauty
Also, I found out that I will (most likely) be teaching 'telling time' as my first unit in the upcoming weeks! I am so excited to begin planning and doing teacher things again. More to come on my student teaching adventures!
Take I-71 or I-75 South. Take I-275 West to OH-128/Cleves-Hamilton Exit #7. Turn Right at the end of the exit on OH-128. Go through Miamitown and drive about 1.5-2 miles to the complex on the right.
The hike was at Loda Lake Wildflower Preserve. It's about an hour from where I live. It's the only Forest Service Wildflower Preserve there is! It turned out to be too early to see a lot of things in bloom, but I learned a lot, and saw some plants I didn't know very well.
tree, appalling beauty?
yourself to improving that organization. Make the progress of that organization
won't be big enough to make a real difference to your finances.
This could just be six degrees of seperation and Cheryl Bormann is just some idiot politcally correct lawyer, but what I do know for sure is that she represents where this country is headed as Sharia Law makes its way into Florida courts and Dearborn, Michigan becomes a wasteland of Islam. I plan to dig deeper to find out why this woman was “chosen” after the Obama administration failed to take these trials to a civilian court.
A lot of my friends at other bookstores have pretty much completely cut out print ads. And there's a lot to be said for that. I remember writing a particularly funny ad last fall where I didn't get any feedback, and I thought, if that were a blog or Facebook post, it would have been a very different story.
Roll the paper bag down all the way to the bottom to look like a nest. Fill with some shredded paper to look like a nest-like filling. Color and cut out your little bird to put into the nest. Cut out a couple of little eggs to add to the nest, if you'd like.
The sound was recorded on March 1, 1999 on the Equatorial Pacific Ocean autonomous hydrophone array.
Its been forever since I posted. Not really because I don't want to blog; but because posting pictures and arranging them on here makes me CRAZY so I went on strike. To be honest life has been full of lots of fun things. Thanksgiving I went back home and got some quality family time. Christmas was spent here in LA with a certain someone. More about him later:) Disneyland on Christmas Eve, and again later that week. In January my family went on a cruise to Mexico. It was a really fun trip:)
In these situations, it is better to trade in your roll of duct tape for shiny bell and think like Pavlov. To find a permanent fix to a permanent problem, you need to retrain the behavior. This is not always an easy task as we humans are sometimes resistant to change, but change we must.
Embellishments: HL Ribbon green polka dots, Jewels Dazzles, White Gel Pen, Enamel Accent black.
The tulip magnolia outside my kitchen window. The unseasonably warm weather of the past couple of weeks has prompted the tree to break bud. See that pink? The blossom to come -- only it won't. Not this year. Tonight the temperature is supposed to drop down to 22 degrees, tomorrow night down to 15 or even lower. When the buds are that far along, they will freeze, turn black and fall off.
I have attempted a very short video (a whole 4 seconds!) to show you how the card works, however, our terrible internet connection drops in and out so it may mean that it doesn't work - but I have tried! My very obliging 5 year old held the card and made it spin for me - he thinks it's the most wonderful thing ever! As for the video being in black and white...no it's not a creative feature that I thought would be effective, just my boys using my camera and accidentally fiddling with the settings...and I don't know how to change it back!
As I’ve said before, it’s not race that’s the issue here, it’s culture. The culture of the Danes, the Norsemen, the English, and the Celts. The culture of the hardy and self-reliant Men of the North, always ready to defend their ancient liberties with a ferocity that their enemies can scarcely imagine. The culture of productive enterprise and armed self-determination that has spread to all corners of the globe.
That exchange from the Hitchcock thriller The Birds may well be uttered on tree-lined Orchard Road. A symphony of bird songs – the warblers themselves remained hidden from view way up the towering trees – echoed through the street below. At first, we assumed it was a recording, merely artificial sound effects to amuse shoppers and tourists.
My second project is with a set that you can get for free if you join us for the March challenge on the Doodle Pantry blog. The challenge will be posted today. The set is called Quirky Bunny. I just love this set.
Second, my tax dollars go to help her feed her two litters of children, which sucks ass.
Oh boy, now I must prove this answer…
Director: Steven Spielberg
Everywhere you turn in this city is a photo opportunity. I know I have had this same thought about Venice, Barcelona, Paris – but here I am reminded that London is equally majestic.
Til next time, happy hiking!
She was one of the most beautiful people I’ve ever had the honor of calling friend.
6. November Congressional Elections: “When the GOP took over the house, America woke up to the fact that all politicians are liars. It was a small statement, but not a weak one.” -Lordsburg, NM—Pilot Travel Center
At her trial, Chamberlain was criticised for her alleged coldness which was widely reported by the Australian media and her guilt was sealed. Chamberlain subsequently revealed that she had hid her emotions because of the pressure. But as she was a mother, the public felt the need to vilify her because she did not conform to their idea of how a mother should grieve. In our desire to stereotype women, we somehow forgot that Chamberlain was entitled to her own way of mourning. Illogically, we perceived her as unfeeling just because she chose not to tear her hair in public or wail uncontrollably for all and sundry.
The trouble is though we don't treat the world as though all is interconnected. Too many of us, tiny worlds in our own right, ignore the plight of another part. Too many of us turn a blind eye to the pain experienced elsewhere - in fact, still worse, there are those of us who actively set out to create dissent, pain and destruction - as though we would willingly cut off our own foot, or poison ourselves, burn ourselves, mutilate ourselves. Consider what we think of those who do such things... consider those of us who do those things to the world - our world. Generally, most of us don't treat ourselves with such self hatred, such lack of love and respect. So why do some of us treat our world in this way. Are not all of us not part of it? Is it not part of all of us? Do we not collectively rely on every part of our world so that it and we function as a whole?
If you idly sit by and let politicians continue on the path they are on, they will kill us all. Not directly, but through their decisions. They are rich. They have power. They fear the poor and wish to suppress us. (I speak generally, of course.) It has been too long where the balance of power has shifted away from the states and towards the Federal Government.
As a result of the cuts and the government’s failure to communicate or deliver its big society aspirations, much of the goodwill civil society groups initially felt towards the project has now evaporated, says the report, published by the thinktank Civil Exchange.
The concept of second grade has been one she's been thrilled about since the last day of first grade--getting to be the bigger kid...knowing the ropes. Last week, we read the posted class list and looked up her new teacher in the yearbook, and GJ seemed excited about who she'd gotten. "I remember her!! I smiled at her a lot on the playground! She likes me!"
I love writing short stories. As an art form they are truly special: the chance to take your readers on a brief journey into someone else's world. I began a short story blog in 2008, before I was discovered by my publisher AVON (HarperCollins) and writing these stories was a great way to learn my craft.
As Georgia soared back to national prominence early in Mark Richt’s eleven-year coaching career, UGA broadened its recruiting options. Matthew Stafford chose Georgia from Texas and Knowshon Moreno came way on down from New Jersey. But outside a few big national recruiting scores, UGA relies consistently on a more regional footprint.
Do you watch House of Lies? Do you enjoy watching anti-heroes?
The Psalmist, it seems, could have easily been in Ireland when he wrote these words of thanksgiving. Most everyone has a mental picture of the country’s verdant, green landscapes, but they are so much greener than the mind imagines. Unfortunately the camera didn’t do justice to this wonderland. The island’s nickname, the Emerald Isle, is indeed appropriate! The timing of our trip landed us at the perfect time to appreciate the beauty of the land. Most of the southwest portion of the country is made up of small farms, yet larger, more extensive range sheep and cattle outfits were resident in the mountainous regions.
meant to be seen this way
05. She wants 3:52
It's been a while but everything has been so crazy and absolutely AWESOME! Larry got a new job which he starts next week which will allow us to move to an area that we love and be nearer to my family and all of our friends! We couldn't be more excited! We've been shopping around for apartments and have found that since our furry little addition came into our lives it is much harder to find pet-friendly apartments in our price range!
People ask what I expect sovereigns to do under these circumstances, as if I might be terminally naive to expect the truth. But that kind of cynicism is just a deeper form of naivety: the truth will out in the end – it always does. Cry wolf or shout “AOK!” too many times, and the markets decide pretty quickly to go their own way.
- CDA, Alsager, Cheshire, 17/2/2012 17:17
And even though he never got his Purple Heart he did get his cinnamon buns and the whole time hes telling me this I know he's still smelling them like he was still standing on that line almost 70 years ago.
Jar of salsa (I like hot, but any will do)
jurisdiction and decline to get involved; could agree with Salvant and allow the forcible medication to continue; could stop Salvant’s
Hidden Thoughts Press’s mission is to continue to educate, empower, and advocate for these residents. Proceeds will be used to further this goal through workshops, conferences, trips to Albany to educate our constituents, and so much more.
1 impoverishment
I knew this would happen! I knew all of my life that I was destined for the red carpet. It is my karma..it is the way it should be! It is what I have planned on my whole life. I am red carpet material..yessirreee!
“‘You will never work in bioethics again,’ they said.
I watched as tears began to run from his eyes, down the wrinkles on his face and he looked up, off into nothing.
I was saved, on this, as on countless other occasions in my life, by L-I-T-E-R-A-T-U-R-E. A friend and I had conspired to study law together at university, but the night before I was due to hand in my completed UCAS form, I came out in a cold sweat. Was I condemning myself to a life of dry facts? Would studying law (the horror, the horror) be like history dictation? Why, oh why had I dropped Eng. Lit. for History? In a truly life- changing moment, I crossed out all the law degree courses and replaced them with French Lang. and Lit. And I am so glad that I did. Getting to know aspects of French culture has been one of the great pleasures of my life. What is more, I can trace my predilection for history to those literary texts which made me want to find out about the times that had formed them. So, Racine and Molière gave me a certain notion of the Sun King and Versailles, Camus informed me about the Franco-Algerian conflict, while my concept of 19th-century France is a rather bizarre mishmash shaped by my readings of Baudelaire, Flaubert, Balzac, Maupassant, et al. It would be true to say that, in my youth, literature taught me about history, and I turned to history to get more out of literature.
Acronyms are so minimalistic anymore.
In a continuing comic book series the job of setting up the characters and some of the plot has been done in previous issues or even in issues of separate solo series. This film is in that same position so it can get straight down to the plot from the start. Villainous Asgardian Loki (Tom Hiddleston) plots with the leader of the alien Chitauri race. He offers them a tesseract if they give him army to conquer Earth, the planet it is on. This tesseract is a source of almost limitless power and was left on Earth by Odin, king of the Asgardians and Loki’s adopted father. The tesseract was tracked down by Johan Schmidt, a Nazi scientist better known as the Red Skull who used it to power his own attempt to create weapons he would use to conquer the Earth for himself. His plans were thwarted by Captain America who crashed Red Skull’s plane into the Arctic where he was frozen in ice for 70 years. A search at the time failed to recover Captain America’s body but they did recover the tesseract.
It’s like, I want to let you, God, deal with this person, who I know I can’t change. Who I have made myself crazy trying to change. Who is far beyond anywhere I ever thought they would be. And instead of just removing that person from our lives, that person just keeps showing up!!
And thank you, Joey Kurtzman, for writing this article for Jewcy.
I looked at him as he towered over me, my ears could not believe what I just heard.
Being aware of what a child is doing and why they may be doing it is a key element in helping a child with SPD. Child B used to climb; in fact, she climbed before she crawled. If she could pull herself up, she'd climb. Yes, there have been times she's gotten higher that her own comfort level and needed help down. It took a while for us to notice that she climbed when she was over-whelmed or over-stimulated. If there were a lot of people in a room and she didn't have another place to go, she'd climb as high as she could. Once when she was covered in mosquito bites, she climbed to get away from the itching, although she didn't even feel the itching on her skin. Once we realized that she climbed under these circumstances, we learned to take a look around at what might be bothering her so we could address that need first. Now, as a 9-year old, she climbs for fun and enjoys it.
An MoD spokesman said it would be used "primarily in the loud hailer mode".
“Behold, he cometh with clouds and every eye shall see Him.”
Mother, O Mother, come shake out your cloth,
A few minutes before the press conference began Josh Earnest of the press office approached the NBC JournoLister present and whispered something into his ear. The NBC JournoLister later asked Obama about Trayvon. Yes, we are implying this was a set up question designed to exploit the death of Trayvon Martin. It was the race card with a personal twist from a twisted personality that “occupies” the White House as if it were Zoo-cotti Park.
After taking the birth survey, I started to ruminate on my experiences giving birth to Geekygirl and Geekybaby. I was incredibly fortunate in that both babies arrived into the world after exhilarating, empowering labours and deliveries, with little medical intervention.
Thanks so much for being my biggest fan ever! :)
Well, even worse than that. The drywall guys did their touch ups so it looks waaaay worse now. It at the very least needs to be primed.
Also these fellas have turn immunity, so good luck with that strategy, clerics for the forces of good.
“Oh yeah? See much wildlife up there?”
Rainey had a powerful voice and a deep instinct for the sound of the blues. She blended the styles she encountered (including country blues and gospel) and created a unique blend that has influenced successive generations. She took the road tradition of the bluesman, with music and lyrics steeped in a history of slavery, and adapted it for the stage, creating a new art form. Known as the Mother of the Blues, she was an early influence on blues and jazz great Bessie Smith; poet Langston Hughes also considered her an influence, pointing to the cadence of her performance. Rainey also wrote original songs, somewhat unusual for her generation of interpretive singers.
I made a little pinwheel quilt for the mouse. The button in the center was created with that special pillow fabric. And you'll have to read the book for the significance of the blanket and button :)
Students can take the quotation King said, “If you want to say that I was a drum major, say that I was a drum major for justice. Say that I was a drum major for peace. I was a drum major for righteousness. And all of the other shallow things will not matter.”
- Do take initiative. They seem to like it when you propose ideas, as long as they're not *too* out of the box. You may frighten them to death if it's too innovative (see first point!)
As a child, Anthony had a passion for drawing, which was (luckily) encouraged by his parents and teachers and ultimately led to his career as a freelance illustrator. Anthony graduated with a first class honours degree from the Liverpool School of Art in 1989, and has illustrated and contributed to more than 300 children's books both in the UK and abroad. In 1997 The Owl Tree, written by Jenny Nimmo and illustrated by Anthony, won the Nestle Smarties Children's Book Prize. Anthony, his wife Kathryn (a graphic designer) and their three children live in a small village in Cheshire. He is also a keen supporter of Liverpool FC.
We haven't emailed or even facebooked in quite awhile. Still keeping tabs on each other, still whirling in our own little orbits, but so very, very far away from the chattering girls we once were, comfortable in our own skins.
HOW TO GROW A PINEAPPLE TREE
Yes, I’m damn tired.But I’m also glad to be 76.. Because, mostly, I’m not
Barber confirmed this. "I never needed to know how to read music really, I pick it up quickly by ear. They tried me on recorder at school but I never liked it. I once entered a recorder competition and had to play a piece of music from a book. I put a book on the music stand and played it from memory - and came second.
Nor hear the foamy lashing of the main,
“When you talk to Arizonans, you quickly realize that this is a state that believes solar energy is its economic destiny,” said Mayes, former chair of the Arizona Corporation Commission and co-author of the state’s Renewable Energy Standard. “This conference is the next step in making that a reality, and we’re doing that by bringing together some of the best thinkers to continue what ASU started last August.”
Included was a cork board filled with portraits the kids had done of their mothers. Here's Nick's depiction of me. I love his rainbow-colored "Mom" label. He also was very detailed with every strand of hair.
There’s one little problem with that: there is no rule prohibiting a team that’s not a conference champ from playing in the BCS title game. As Mike Slive told Tony Barnhart:
Power;
Even the fish - normally still dormant this time of year - are active! We've already begun feeding them their "transition" food, and soon it will be time to fill in the pond with a few annual water plants...
Suffice to say, I had an amazing reunion with everyone. The kids were great. They were excited to see me, but didn't seem at all traumatized that I had been gone. I had never been so grateful to have 50 questions coming from one while the other was pulling me off for something he needed...all while Patrick proceeded to fall asleep in my lap whenever I was sitting still. My life was back...and crazy as it was...I missed it terribly.
Their imitation having miserably failed for three decades, most of the self-made gurus of ISKCON have been humbled by kala to now state it is Your Divine Grace alone who takes everyone Back to Godhead, except one of the original eleven. It took decades of debate and discussion for them to even concede that Your Divine Grace is the siksa guru for everyone in ISKCON. The fact that it took decades to accede to Your Divine Grace even your foremost siksha position in ISKCON alone goes to show how deep routed was and is disease that has crept into the movement of neglecting Your Divine Grace. But having got addicted to the intoxication or rasa of jivas surrendering to them, they are unable to come out of the trap entirely and have now settled for a compromised position as unqualified small time gurus who are not pure devotees (pre-empting disciples from shocks of future fall downs). But Your Divine Grace has said:
Beta blockers for heart disease, diabetes drugs, and other treatments are keeping the obese alive longer, with the result that they incur astronomically high medical expenses in old age just like their slimmer peers.
This book was shared with me by a friend who follows the teachings of Abraham, and it can be looked at as a bit scientific, confirming of religions praying, or law of attraction, because they are all producing the same result!
Thanks again for all of the loving messages, gifts, and invitations I've received from you guys. Each and every one of these connections has been healing, helpful, and hopeful to me. I look forward to more and more time and lovely conversations with you.
And so here we are hanging out in the Trek, watching movies and eating popcorn. Lynda has done some laundry, we've had some good food for dinner, and the commode works. I just don't know what else a person could want!
+ HASAN SALAAM – Life in Black & White
Well just when I really want to start riding her, she somehow has hurt her stifle.
until juices flow clearly with a prick into the turkey breast meat.
Most people might call a doctor for something like this. Since I hate doctors and hospitals, I did the next best thing and got on WebMD. I had remembered what a magnificient resource this had been when I had a bit of a hemorrhoid problem back in March of '03, and I thought, if anyone could help me, it would be WebMD. Double dang-it! The only thing it suggested to me was to get my tonsils out. I had been planning on doing that anyway, but not now, dammit!
The orchestra relocated to another residence in Malibu, downsized its numbers, and when it appeared that nothing more was going to come of it, the leaders decided to move into the city. This is when I jumped ship and left the guru. The northern part of Malibu in 1974 was quiet and serene with large amounts of vacant land. To my 24-year-old brain, I had found paradise.
Friday: Out for dinner: Now that I'm working from home by Friday I just need to get out and be with people. Plus we're out of pizza dough.
Somewhere along the way, it seemed like it was not cool to profess your faith in God and shout to the heavens that Jesus is our Lord and Savior. People made fun of the “born agains”. The general consensus was that if you were Christian and led a good life you had a free pass to heaven, but there was no need to shout it to the heavens.
*Challenges: FTL169
1 Thessalonians 5:18 In everything give thanks; for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus for you
“…We’re going to anchor here.”
"Getitgetitgetit. DAD, GET IT!"
On the other hand, I am a fairminded woman. This is London, and posers are not rare. If what you want to do is pose, rather than dance, I can suggest at least one place in London, on every week, where you will find quite a few likeminded people. Please email me. Just bear in mind that if you wanted to dance, I would make very different suggestions.
12. Don't Stop
All in all, I think that this move by Democrats will hurt them in the long run. Not so much because Weiner was such a rising star in the party - although he was - but more because it shows that the leadership in the Democratic Party has no interest in supporting their members, and instead will do whatever it takes to "get things done", instead of LEADING their party and trying to get members to step in line like the Republicans do (why do you think we couldn't pass real, comprehensive health reform? It wasn't the Republicans that were holding the bag, they were just saying 'no' whenever they had the opportunity, but mostly they were ignored).
■ from home; that is, the business does not own or rent any premises other than your home. For example, a tiler who does most of their work on clients’ premises but does not have any other business premises
By way of reciprocity, Stavridis’ former chief of staff and current deputy commander of EUCOM, Navy Vice Admiral Charles Martoglio, added that American military firepower is “the glue that enables NATO to operate at the high level of efficiency that it does.”
I do a lot of reading of self-help books. In fact, next to parenting books, they are what I read the most. Then there are the self-help/parenting books, and the self-help/homeschooling books. What do they all say? Start with gratitude. So I do, I start each day with a little gratitude for the day. I look out my window, it's gorgeous here on Mama Earth. Especially right here, in these Coast Range Foothills. I am grateful for my warm covers right now--and that I remembered to pick up my clean comforter from the cleaners, and that they didn't throw it away or donate it since it had been there for so incredibly long.
Ironically, the more “green” we all get, the less free we become. To ensure our participation in the false “green” revolution, we are getting mandatory RFID meters on all of our homes. If we use too much water, we will be cut off from the water supply. If we are watching too much TV in peak hours, we will be fined. And if our grass is too green and wet, we will be oogled and sneered at by our neighbors, who might call the “green police” on us.
Foie Gras is often tricky to get just right - you can overwhelm the already rich texture and flavor by oversearing the steak to give it a too thick/pungent 'crust', or serve it either too hot (causing it to lose structure) or too cold (not bringing out the flavors enough).
I notice typical two year olds have full control over their bodies. They don't look unsteady or wobbly...They can walk up stairs and down curbs with ease...They can run.
With a budget of less than $25,000 and a handful of people, Blood Feast made $4 million, proving conclusively that Herschell and Friedman knew exactly what sold, and that the public was ready for what they had to offer. A new generation of film-making had been born.
As I grew, though, and especially after my move to England in my early twenties, I became more and more aware of my own Irishness, and of an ancient culture of which that blooming leprechaun was at best an incredibly clumsy caricature. And as I began to experiment with writing for children, I began to want to write something with at least some reference to that culture.
(unlike in the UK where apparantley you can park however the heck you like, including on sidewalks)
On one such unfortunate day, my flight landed inDetroit. By the time I had exited the plane and looked up at the clock, I had ten minutes flat to make my boarding time for the next flight.
Unloading a semi truck and then loading a store will do that to you.
Color challenges are very difficult for me due to a limited range of supplies but I think I managed to pull something together for the Play Date Cafe challenge #120.
Today, cross-cultural church planting is taking place in regions fraught with poverty and persecution. By necessity, the local church often takes root in its simplest form. In these places, churches are essentially groups of believers gathering in homes, under trees, or cafe back rooms to worship, pray, study the Bible and teach others to do the same. And it is in response to these realities that Pioneers has adopted the “church-planting movements” approach.
“That can happen,” I was tempted to continue but didn’t. “Once your body processes its available carbohydrates, you need to replenish these with additional sustenance. I have the same issue.”
A cool fog rises from the lake
2 cups (475ml) whole milk
But there are other issues that come along with losing weight such as body issues. I don’t see the progress that other people see. The mind builds an identity and it doesn’t let go easily. I still see myself “fat,” like I did 100 lbs. ago. I still worry whether I’ll fit in a seat or be able to walk through an aisle without banging into something. Recently, I was speaking to a co-worker who has a mirror at his desk. In the mirror I saw the body of someone, from torso to thigh, and turned to see who had walked in…but then realized it was me. That happens a lot. I catch my reflection in store windows or mirrors and don’t realize it’s me at first. Those are the moments I realize my mind has a lot of catching up to do with my body. My self-esteem has even further to go. Still, I’d rather have to deal with these issues than have those 100 lbs. back.
He shuffled and looked at Camille, who put her hands on her curvy hips and raised her eyebrows.
“Haha, no we just try our best to make fat people healthier!”
Bring it on world-throw all the poo poo you want to at me! I'm ready.
Mr. Anderson is very happy to see Bischoff leave.
NEWS ALERT: Barack O’TomA will be taking another Bin Laden Victory Lap in 10 seconds…Repeat…Repeat
Zechariah 10:3
He went on like this for a minute or so until Smacker left the trailer and came to see me with a crestfallen look on his face. We quickly hatched a plan to rid the circus of the turbulent Teuton. The initial phase began when I jumped onto the roof of his trailer and hopped around a bit to create a disturbance below. An irate Felix Boobenstrausser soon emerged from inside and beheld me with a mixture of surprise and indignation.
1944, US, directed by Robert Siodmak
To Ella Beene, happiness means living in the Northern California river town of Elbow with her husband, Joe, and his two young children. For three years, Ella has been the only mother the kids have known. But when Joe drowns off the coast, his ex-wife shows up at his funeral, intent on reclaiming the children. Ella must fight to prove they should remain with her while she struggles to save the family's market. With wit and determination, she delves beneath the surface of her marriage, finally asking the questions she most fears, the answers jeopardizing everything and everyone she most loves.
When strife and conflict cease,
Enrage inner desires...
Keep an eye on the website for any updates including the name of the band and such.
In the event this list is not enough and you need a more complete list , please do click on this LINK (Choose Ingredient drop down). It will have pretty much all supplements available in the world and the details of recommended products that carries it and its review. Also some will have short video presentations for details on the Supps.
Except those of the season.
Would love to hear your thoughts…
Alfalfa sprouts
spend the afternoon working in the garden, we drove back to Square
Please share this story on social networks and websites. Forward it to your friends or even post it on your website (with proper credit and a link back to NaturalNews, please).
Approximately eighty-five percent of the sample included twenty or fewer submitted documents, while eighty-one percent of applications included fifteen or fewer submitted documents. Thus, the Office has determined that for IDSs submitted prior to a first Office action on the merits, a threshold of twenty documents best balances the interests of the Office and of the applicants.
My only regret was in trying to take a picture myself. The trouble with cameras, and the reason I dislike using them, is that you miss the moment. You might capture it, but you don't experience it. So in dodging around the bodies all I got was this one lousy shot. Damn. Should have just sat back and enjoyed it.
As the United Kingdom Prime Minister, Mister David Cameron, has now been given core participant status in the Leveson inquiry I have been asked to make certain redactions to the e-mail I have been ordered to submit.
Or if I go on tilt (means that I've lost my rational state of mind and am now playing like shit. It's always bad to be on tilt but it's awesome if you're playing against someone who IS on tilt...
"11, I will not procrastinate." SMACKKK! "Owww!!"
Both are worth a read in full, as is the whole site.
We went to the Hot Springs after our horse-riding booze-fest, and it was pretty nice, but VERY busy. There were a few moments where I felt like I was in a bowl of Human Soup, rather than having a ‘relaxing unwind’ in a thermal pool. No matter. If you went on a weeknight or in winter, I reckon it’d be quite a bit more sublime. Would deffo recommend cooking yourself in the sauna and then jumping into the icy plunge-pool – totes invigorating!!
Two years ago, I came back from vacation to news that John Hughes had died. That should have taught me to read a newspaper while at the beach, but no—instead I had to spend six days trying to beat the world record in cheese consumption and posing as a cover model for an imaginary pregnancy issue of Garden & Gun.
Jaws (1975)
He's 65. Yeah, my jaw dropped too. Seems like just yesterday he was playing basketball with Jesse Katsopolis! Which, of course, is my favorite Kareem Abdul Jabbar moment:
halves
And, I have said this to Eriana plenty of times, its something that stuck with me the momement I heard Oprah Winfrey say it, she said "When people show you who they are BELIEVE THEM" I think thats's so true and I tell my daughter that often, because I think it's something she will need to know later on in life, being a young girl, teenager, and young adult. "When people show you who they are Believe Them".
Those of us who are teachers, I pray we do realize our role. I know that I haven’t always realized the gravity of my role, but God has grown me and has shown me what a responsibility we have as teachers. Especially through teachings like today’s.
Apart from his pictures, the film he created is one of the most breathtaking works of art to the present day. Colbert chose to film the animals in their native habitats in an effort to be true to each animal’s voice, giving them a voice which speaks loud in the silence. The film is not only a work of art, but also a poem in its true nature.
I missed his visits in the afternoons, but his mother was right. The weather had turned colder and I didn’t sit on the porch any longer myself. I’d try to get a look at the kids through the window as they past from school, but they were so bundled up and wind blown it was impossible to tell them apart.
Bruce Paley – The Facts Speak For Themselves
The inspiration for this came while I was in England over Christmas. The British chain Waitrose might be my favorite grocery store ever. Or perhaps I’ve just fallen for British food propaganda. They’re crazy for local, organic, and sustainable. Everything is packaged with clean white and green logos, and seems to come from a farm just down the street where the pigs were happy and the farmers were kind. They also provide easy recipes for cooking things that you might not be familiar with, like gammon and guinea hens. Their marketing was so effective that I decided I too could cook a pork belly.
Edson is also partially responsible for the huge increase in New York park land, commissioning a citizens group in 1884 to lobby the state to purchase lands in the area of today's Bronx; accordiing to an old Bronx history, "the 'new' parks, as they were called, comprised 3,757 acres, now included in Van Corlandt, Bronx, Pelham Bay, Crotona, St. Mary's and Claremont parks."
Can I hear a collective sigh of relief,
Pamela Anderson in Pigalles. Now in my opinion Pammy is way past her "sell by date" yet in this picture, (rather old one) one has to give her credit, her legs still has all the sex appeal it needs. And then Pammy also knows how to flaunt her legs in a pair of Pigalles.
All of us, however, know people who have lost family members to Alzheimers disease, and have seen people struggling with loss of their own minds.
“But what if we feel so good we don't want to go back?”
Mentoring Program
(Author’s note: in the vein of posting stuff here I’ve posted elsewhere, just to get ‘up to date’, here’s my little argument against the sci-fi zombie and its corresponding ‘apocalypse’, posted on facebook some months ago. Enjoy. Or not, I suppose.)
They had to build the extra wall and curve it to hide the equipment from sight....
I’ve decided to take a stab at writing one of these more traditional blog posts. For a variety of reasons, the following quotes have really touched me over the course of the past few months. You could call these resolutions or inspiration on how I would like to be.
I haven’t ran in a week and a half. I’ve missed a total of thirty-four miles including two days of speedwork, one day of hills and am opting out of a local race this upcoming weekend. I just want to move! I just want to struggle. And sweat. And feel that sense of accomplishment when crossing it off of my calendar. Instead, I fill with worry that I’m missing too many training runs and will be put at a disadvantage for the marathon. But for once, I’m listening to everyone else and am taking time to heal and rest.
One set of answers may regard a more stringent review of the project’s financials. While the agency has twice released brief memos summarizing the project’s fiscal impact, Hulka revealed that an outside consultant, the firm KPMG, conducted an independent financial analysis of the project.
I can’t believe it is the end of another week already. The time is quickly flying by as George and I prepare to make our way to the West Coast. I plan to take LOTS of photos both on our trip and once we have arrived. But alas, I am merely the point & shoot type. Oh, I try to compose a nice shot or get all artsy with the angles and such, but I have a long way to go.
BTW, one of my resolutions may be to get a mossberg 590. May be. Not sayin' it is or nothin'.
changes as our CEO had not been “nice.”
Mobile station:
Those Americans who relied upon the corporate media for their news were shocked to learn that nuclear power plants relied on the power grid for electricity to avoid a meltdown. And during a blackout created by an earthquake or any other natural disaster, the only power source to avert a meltdown were batteries that by law had only to last four hours. This failure to plan and to regulate led to 15 of 25 plants in the area having nuclear meltdowns. Areas within 30 miles of the 15 plants were immediately evacuated. But the wind carried radiation around the United States and the world. Even the poor became terrified of rainwater. Only the news flashes on their pocket radios telling them the rainwater was radiation free calmed them down.
Now (small print) this EXCLUDES kits by Lake View Primitives. It is also
Step 3: Now if you don’t want tufting then you are all finished, but to add tufting here is what you do:
It's a fun, precious story with a sweet, happy ending the entire family can enjoy together!
I drove Marlene and the kids down to see ‘Cupcake’. She’d have broken my nose if I hadn’t. Queued for an hour to get his autograph and shit.
For his GQ spread the Grammy award winner display a variety of ways to rock a fedora. Mars dons designs by Dior, Armani, Sean John and Burberry for the shoot. From a casual look, to a more formal look and even a rock star inspired look, Mars showcases how you can use the fedora to jazz up your style.
I actually picked this one. We were on our way to Wichita for spring break and had been ‘stuck’ as for boy’s names. Then, I had an epiphany. Tyler has talked about family heritage and genealogy in the past when organizing old photos, etc. So, I was aware that his great-grandma on his mother’s side’s maiden name was Cade. So, there you go! I told him my thoughts and he, too, liked the name. Matthew is a tribute to his brother, Matt.
That’s my rambling for today.
My faith in God, though not waned, is less a punishment I put myself through. I’d been trying to live up to other peoples standards of what is was to be a good Christian, until I witness the level of hypocrisy that really does taint the world! So I no longer allow uninvited thesis or judgements to disturb my peace. I am where I am with it all now. Enough.
Whatever it is, it's not a patch on her early 70s' stuff.
Burnt Sienna
at first frost
With three years experience of acting of film, Alex has always displayed professionalism and dedication that exceeds his years. He’s specialized somewhat in more flippant characters, something that will work in his favor, as his character in Better Than Most is fighting to save his girlfriend, a seemingly fruitless act, he uses his denial as a mask for the inevitable. However, there is more then enough of the un-familiar to challenge Alex, and as my past dealings with Alex has proven, he performs best when challenged.
Moistness is now wetness
And so, on for twelve verses.
You should be able to make this with similar results in a regular blender. I would use the ice crushing setting chop up the veggies a little finer and add water as it is blending.
here and there and and it just felt right to stop when I did.
Lay like the folds of a bright girdle furl’d.
Now, I knew I'd get about thirty seconds to talk, so I tried to make it count. "Well, Your Eminence, I'm with the Hibernians, I'm the Division 1 Historian, and I'm happy to be a part of all this. This is a great church with a lot of history." (Or something like that.)
And Mrs Brown’s, her youngest boy
I suppose transparency in efforts, and the illustration of an obvious synergy between a company and the charitable organization it aligns itself with, will be proof enough for many consumers that a company is fully committed to its missions of Sustainability and/or Cause Marketing.
Please leave a comment if you might be interested in participating in Irish Short Story Week-March 13 to the 20-
field - art-rock - almost totally barren of female role
Union Cavalry at Sudley Springs, After the Battle. PD from en.wikipedia
- assorted colours of felt and matching thread
“Nice make up,” Sy smirked.
Of corpses rotting in front of the front-line trench--
Savage Beauty, the biography of Edna St Vincent Millay
September 6, 2012: At the Movies
The television revolution has led to manufacturers scrambling to create more and more functionality to their sets. The latest innovation is in the resolution department. If you have shopped for a television lately, you have probably seen things like:
he’s known for his power.
garnishing:
Timothy: But, Paul, shouldn’t I just take you at your word and not ask so many questions? You’re an apostle and speak for God.
Mesdan reads it, sighs, and shakes his head wordlessly. Eliss herself knows it isn’t true. What can he say to that? Besides that he is a man. He’s gone through the Change rite and everything.
Cheep Cheep Bank 1:43:654
The matter required further action from government, according to Lord McNally, justice minister.
We also have a new color in our line up. Remember "MOCHA"? Well it's back and better than ever before. This paper is SUPER Extra Thick. I can even get away with using one layer when making my bears. I'm going to be using this for "Oliver's" tutorial that I lost when my computer crashed.
The sudden eruption of 1973 Israel into 1940 isn't going to end the war. Despite having a nuclear stockpile, Israel isn't in a position to end hostilities in Europe. Firstly, the strike radius of those weapons is comparable to the one-way flight range of a late-1950s jet fighter. They can hit Moscow, or Berlin, on a suicide mission. But six atom bombs won't stop the Third Reich in its tracks. Nor would they stop Stalin's Soviet Union. (The Israeli nuclear arsenal of 1983 or 1993 would be a whole different matter — but make for a much less interesting story.)"
"Among other terror-affiliated activities, the centre organises many conferences in various European countries for Hamas and Muslim Brotherhood activists from all around the world," it added.
Enough: I think you'd better have a listen for yourself: here's one of the singles from her recent album Actor.
If the cops say: “Why not? Are you hiding something?”
Publisher: HarlequinTeen
Understanding the implications of the word: Some errors are less obvious than a simple definition error. Sometimes, the implications of the word makes the word a bad fit for the sentence. Words such as “but” and “however” usually imply that there will be a counterpoint to the previous statement. If the student does not make a counterpoint after either of these words, the word does not fit and needs to be replaced with a word that fits.
This method puts the mentation of wining and plateau games into your handle unitedly making you believe you can win at the tableland games. The verity is that your chances of deed location from the casinos a millionaire is exclusive believable if you walked into the casino as a millionaire.
The app in question is Cell Phone Coverage Map by Rootmetrics. This app has a number of unique features, including creating a coverage map based upon tests performed by other users of the app. And while the crowd-sourced coverage map is interesting, the thing we liked best about the app was the accuracy of the speed test.
My ribbon is from Offray and for the center I used a Stampin-Up antique brad. My card layout is an older one from the Sweet Stop Sketch blog #106.
Consider these factoids gleaned from my reading this week:
I’m loving my husband who is working hard at his first week at his new (and first) job! I so appreciate all that he has done to finish grad school and get this awesome job that is so good for our family and our future. I love you, Dave!
P.s. On a good note, today marks the 5th complete year of my having joined Singapore Airlines on the 22th September 2006!!!!!
It was such a little thing to you
While writing this part, I suddenly noticed the frequent use of the words “Alyas” and “Captain” in most of these old Filipino films. I guess the words “Alyas” and “Captain” it makes it seem like it’s the original without claiming to be the original. Pretty smart, huh?
Prepare baking sheets with Silpat or Parchment Paper.
kel
I can’t always get things done because I always procrastinate. So for this coming year, I won’t go for the long list that don’t see the light of day. This single entry is all I have to do and everything else will follow.
Berry Amore is a luxurious powder blush that features a mélange infusion of colors baked on Italian terracotta tiles. Berry Amore is a beautiful rosey, golden blush which I absolutely love.
Yes, that banner is a link.
Is there another approach to topic?
You have no idea how many men I see in my business who “move on” because of sex, largely abandoning meaningful relationship with their young so as to satisfy their own desires. All the while these children are nurtured by their mothers and aunts and grandmothers; our equivalent of the matriarchal elephant herd.
Weed (Tapping Ben on shoulder) Weed? (Points at Bill)
rant ends here.
Is it the fame? At what point does a person become famous enough to qualify for a TAL? If Brenda decides to cycle across Guatemala to raise money for charidee and appears on page 7 of The Leicester Mercury as a result, does that count?
Boyfriend Sweater: I think out of everything I bought, this is gonna be the piece that I regret. I wore it today to a Celine Dion pizza dance party (again, please don't ask for clarification, just trust me), and it's already looking awkwardly stretched out. Curse you, Gap! Curse you to hell! Actually, JK about that, because I really like this next thing I got:
My crafting supplies are out of control so while I was crafting today I decided to try and use up some of the supplies in my desk that have been sitting there for quite a while (some a couple of years). I came up with this necklace which is funny because I don't wear jewelry though I keep telling myself I need to try and wear it, it just feels odd when I do and I just end up fidgeting with it which is never a good thing. Is wearing jewelry something that you eventually just get used to or does my uncomfortableness with it just mean I am not a jewelry person, who knows, it was still fun to create and I am sure I can find someone to give it to if I don't use it.
Jamie: You might have to share my bed, but sure you can stay with me! ;)
Performed by: Take That
This monument, by the way was unveiled in 1936! 1936 and nary a peep. But now it's 2012 and OH MY GOD, TITS!!! THINK OF THE CHILDREN!!!!!
The pre-release sale is on through February 28th – the lowest price you’ll get until the clearance sale. You can purchase a bundle that includes a binder and a planner for a special price, saving you even more.
We now offer St Louis, Mt Vernon, Evansville, Poplar Bluff, Cape Girardeau, Marion, Paducah, Hopkinsville, and Dyersburg Interactive City Radars. We also have the two regional radars and now offer you three GR Earth radars.
The title of the new season of BIGGEST LOSER is NO EXCUSES ... What a great title !!! We can find an excuse for anything we want, but the TRUTH IS that God knows all of them and is just not buying them - He did after all send his son to the cross for us ... He knows us more intimately and deeply than anyone ... Our fears and reservations just spill out to him ... WE CAN HIDE NOTHING ....
What is BlogHer looking for in ad network members??
Lastly, I shied away from the D3 beta since I have been in on that for a few months now. It sounded as if they had some performance issues, but I’ve no doubt those will be resolved before launch. Diablo 3 is a game best played with friends, and I’m looking forward to trying out the harder difficulty levels.
- GENERATOR: This past summer David Leigh and I established a new project space called GENERATOR in downtown Albuquerque. The space is small. There is no electricity or running water. The outside is painted with a mural owned by the city that we can’t touch. Our programming thus far has been (in my opinion) awesome.
There are numerous of excellent solicitors within the site. One is Bolt Burdon Kemp, the industry company that delivers its specialization in several cases of medical malpractice. It is often in the market for Twenty five years and has received many awards. It has a youthful, energetic team that never seems to get tired until the customer has got the claim successfully. They may be readily available online on boltburdonkemp.co.uk.
We have some regulatory proposals that we think will help, but almost nobody thinks will fully insulate us from the risk of another shock, and could possibly prove useless. The confidence level is fairly low. Now, I still think these proposals are far better than nothing. They’re also the best chance we have to get the answer right. We could wait a few years until the debate has matured, but the truth is that only is the shadow of an economic crisis and a backlash over the bailouts does the political space exist to impose a reform that actually takes a bite out of Wall Street.
"You little shit," Bill gritted, and Seth looked at the ground quickly. "I know you aren't, I was just listening! I can't believe you just lied to me! Do you ever say it?"
This was the cake and cupcakes I made with some help from some friends!! Thanks for teaching me Cathy and Robin! Your both Jewels!!!
Rice-
That Ancient History and Economy is not connected.
Ahhhh.....Finally what i've been waiting for .......I finally have a scrap buddy!!
1, 2 sourced from Nippon Columbia Japan CD Substance COCY-9332
Link up to
Thankfully, she didn't leave. I was able to convince her that the Brett that she fell in love would be back. The Brett that had perspective, that was able to put family and loved ones ahead of everything else, and the Brett that was able to make her laugh endlessly.
August is going to be a busy month! Please check back tomorrow for updates on SFV area drives and even a fundraiser!
Traci
Can Barely Get Up in the Morning? If You’re Exhausted in the Morning, Here’s Why!
Written across the wall of the cave were the following symbols:
It’s not a very good story. It kinda sucks. But that’s OK, because the story isn’t actually folklore, it was invented to help market the fruit when it was first introduced in Asia. Seriously.
There is a strange duality to widowhood, if you haven’t been here, it’s hard to understand. Having loved doesn’t keep you from loving and sometimes the message on both sides of the unmistakable border of what was, and what it is now, is the same. Don’t let go.
Spent part of my day yesterday at a local health club doing a craft show. It was fun, but not profitable. On the bright side, I met a new friend and got a lot of exposure for my etsy shop. I didn't have much space (and didn't realize that until I got there as the coordinator told me I would have a six foot table with eight feet of space)...NOT! But, I made do and reworked a lot of things on the spot. The lady next to me was so kind to let me use part of her table since she only had a small display. I told her that I would help her get on etsy, so we helped each other. Here's a lame shot of my "booth."
I was shocked at how well this method worked. If you lay out your lines carefully and saw straight, you can't miss.
I don't like looking at chemtrails, I've always had a bad feeling about them, the reason being the high potential we are witnessing the ongoing anthropogenic battle for control of Nature. It bothers me to see something so obvious be ignored and denied. They illustrate perfectly for all to see, the vast void of respect westernized humanity bears toward the natural world preferring to throw its full support into a broken system. And chemtrails are ugly, far too Jackson Pollack binging on jet fuel for my taste.
- use toys for sensory input
6:15-- Publix trip, followed by feasting on California sushi rolls. (Thank-you Publix for having wonderful sushi!)
How? How do you do it? You average a dozen films a year, do you have any free time?
The frozen breathless path, the sapless woods,
What is going on here? Why are we putty in a storyteller’s hands? The psychologists Melanie Green and Tim Brock argue that entering fictional worlds “radically alters the way information is processed.” Green and Brock’s studies shows that the more absorbed readers are in a story, the more the story changes them. Highly absorbed readers also detected significantly fewer “false notes” in stories–inaccuracies, missteps–than less transported readers. Importantly, it is not just that highly absorbed readers detected the false notes and didn’t care about them (as when we watch a pleasurably idiotic action film). They were unable to detect the false notes in the first place.
The Gross refining Margin stands at $ 7.6 / bbl for the quarter and $ 8.6 / bbl for this year ended 31 March 2012. They recorded a dividend of 85% with a payout of 2,941 Crore.
to make a graham cracker crust).Beat cream cheese, add spices
Kjersti Storrø-Trana (a 30 year old mom of a soon-to-be two year old boy with "only" 46 chromosomes who has had her heart and eyes opened thanks to the www!)
“Of course no one followed me … as far as I know,” he answered, with a backward glance to the cave entrance.
Next time you catch wind about a Reluctant Yuppie, Inc party, do yourself a favor and save the date and get in where you fit in.
This lack of communication could be amusing if my CPN and psychiatrist didn’t operate out of the same building.
6For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts,”
But that is a big mistake
Wear only at the front of the plank is understandable; such is the nose-down attitude of the Red Bull, very little of the rest of the plank is within reach of the ground. But one would expect the wear to take a wedge shape section out of the plank, at an angle similar to the cars angle of rake. Instead the wear is focussed evenly across this front section of floor, indeed this picture suggesting the greater wear is at around 50cm back front the tip of the block.
My sister and I just cut up some fruit, "kabob-ed it", and then I stuck the kabobs into a pineapple before serving. This is a great way to serve fruit for a summer party and it makes for a nice decorative display on your serving table as well. Give it a try! It's super easy, but looks impressive. You can even make the kabobs up the night before your gathering.
One of the joys of being a wedding DJ is the opportunity to share with people the glorious musical repertoire known as the "Great American Songbook." Those are the classic, jazzy songs written in the 1920s through 1950s and made famous by singers like Frank Sinatra, Nat King Cole, Ella Fitzgerald, and Fred Astaire. They continue to charm audiences in new renditions by contemporary crooners like Michael Buble and Diana Krall and through their insertion in so many Hollywood romantic movies. This was in fact THE popular music in America in the pre-rock'n'roll era.
I am in a creative rut today but still browsing through the regular scrapbook sites just to kill time. Groovie Cover never failed to revive my energy. Played along with their November cover here..... here's my layout share:-
~Bo Bunny "Ambrosia" papers
Traffic impacts: During construction, US 10 will remain open to one lane in each direction with a 12-foot width restriction. Motorists can expect to encounter traffic shifts and crossovers. Please drive with caution.
Sri Yamunotri Dham
Said naught, but shook his head.
“Revelation” tracklisting will include the following songs:
“YES!” he says laying on the sarcasm so I hit him with a If/then.
For reference
San Angelo – Texas
As a customer service representative, you will have opportunities to work with disabled customers. Not all disabilities are obvious. Any customer may have a disability, even customers with no outward signs of injury or impairment. And even those customers will obvious disabilities may not want to be coddled and could become offended if you rush to their aid or patronize them.
And then, as I was walking to the subway, a Chinese couple (and yes I know they were Chinese! I speak Mandarin!) was doing a marriage photo shoot in the middle of Times Square.
She paces around doing whatever it is that she does. Then she takes me outside again. She tells me to “go pee-pee, go poo-pee.” I urinate. But I defecated this earlier and I really don’t need to go again.
and babies in poor and developing nations is sky-high.
I hadn't heard of Sebald at all before I was assigned to review Patience (After Sebald); now, I can't wait to read more of his work, to see what new horizons of knowledge and reflection await!
I fell in Love with this Little guy too as soon as I saw it! Absolutely Adorable, and you won't know it until you see it in person and touch it, that he is extremely super soft and squishy! His shell feels like a pillow and the spots are a soft material as well. I couldn't stop cuddling him at first, but it was ok because "DD" was too interested in her Giraffe and House Sorter to notice! He has many different textures and materials and is fun to touch!
up and out
all the time, by the wall.
Templar are in there somewhere and the brand new hot property that is Hot Key. HK is headed up by Sarah Odedina, former Children's Publisher at Bloomsbury in the Harry Potter era. More of them in another post.
Today is the first of May, and as promised, there's a free story for you to read. "The Matryoshka Affair" is a locked room murder mystery, featuring Ameriquetzlan ambassador and reluctant sleuth Ulrich Popoca and his partner-in-crime-solving, Countess (in-exile) Francesca Felluci. Click the link here or in the box to the right to read it. It'll only be available until the end of May, so get to reading!
and the list goes on!
Clara is Gloria's cousin, who arrives from Pennsylvania to help plan the wedding.
Breaking News! Kris Aquino’s new game show ‘Pilipinas Win na Win’ is being clobbered in the nationwide ratings game by its rival, ‘Eat Bulaga.’ To reclaim viewership, Kris is suggesting a special segment similar to the classic “Pera o Bayong” and “Kuwarta o Kahon.” It will be called “Shares of Stock o Land Distribution.”
Article 156
I heard the broadcast on the evening news...
Even better come and see us and stay for a day or two.
I love to visit the Kauppahalli, beside the harbour, whenever I am in Helsinki. The food on display is so different from our markets in Australia. Everything seems exotic and I would love to have a kitchen where I could prepare some of the delicious things on offer.
2. Wear appropriate underwear. This is for your sanity as well as the sanity of us. I’m all for body confidence and girls who love their bums, but please note lacy thongs have a purpose, that purpose is not wiggling your botty in my face whilst I unfurl layers of tulle. Think of what you’d wear on the day (for the ceremony, not the night time event); you want to know how you’re going to feel in the dress. Nude, strapless, VPL-less and possibly ‘hold-in’ is preferred.
Found out there is a dog snatcher around these parts... According to my daughter, who heard it from a teacher, who heard it from the police... someone is snatching dogs and using them in illegal dog fights. Just thinking about it makes me very uneasy this week and I am making sure all the doors are locked securely. It's not like I'm against them taking a dog or three... But I don't want to deal with the family heartache if one is taken.
Somebody in Ithaca, NY has a sense of humor. That, plus the gorgeous footage from this camera, makes this a nest cam to keep an eye on. Go find it at the Cornell Lab of Ornithology.
8. Then wake up the chickens, get politically active, and chase those snakes out of the hen house because they are cold blooded reptiles with primitive brains who think global warming is going to be like a day in the sun on a nice hot rock.
I am on a rampage and want things done now.
Also. this is a straight to trade paperback release instead of it getting a hardcover run like Pelecanos' books normally do.
With the rise in responsibility came frigid cold tense interactions with management and direct reports. And, on cold winter nights after spending hours on the managerial battlefield where intellectual ideals give way to political necessities (I was never good at these office games) I needed to find a way to relax. One can only kill so many Klingons before tiring of the computer based action games. So I began to write… really write. I did love Montreal and would move back in a moment if given the chance but my work permit was limited in duration and the company itself was about to be purchased so look again I did and this is what landed the family back east… in New Jersey.
I think this works for me because reading a book and watching a movie are two different things. When I read a book, I can't do anything but read. When I watch a movie, however, I can do something else to keep me entertained while the movie sucks.
Then, I essentially sewed up a really large pillow case (thanks mom for the idea.) I had originally thought I would cut a circle that fit the bottom of the basket, and then sew on the sides in a tube type style. My mom quickly helped me realize with my novice sewing skills, that simply making a pillow case type liner would be quicker, easier, and just fine for this use. I measured the depth needed, used some extra drapery lining fabric, and winged it sewing it together. The finished seams are on the inside, where the clothes drop in, and the rough edges are on the outside of the liner. I just move the basket so you can't see those. :)
It was bad enough that she must take care of the home on her own, but to have a man that didn’t fall over himself, and her, appreciating it was… absolutely and totally unacceptable. This was not her life!
- Article 2(2) of the IP Chapter of the Association Agreement has become Article 229(2)(b)
KM: But the thing is, baby, your old school's calendar is the same as your new school. When your first grade school is closed, so is your old school. So going for a whole day would be kind of hard.
We, often times, will only remember Him when we are at this “sadness” chapter. Hard to believe, but this is what happened. I, myself, also the same. Only when this chapter visited me then I know that I have forgetting Him, that was why I was really feeling sad, without any strength to move on.
The wine list is small at Covell, but the bartenders will engage you. I've only seen the same three guys behind the bar: one owns the place, the other is the wine director. The third, I don't know his position or pedigree, but this tall man leans in close, smiles with every word, and is a picture of wine knowledge, charisma, and undeniably alluring personality. They dress as a wine and beer bartender in the heart of hipster country ought to: button-downs, vests, an occasional bow-tie... and tennis shoes. And as soon as you walk up to the bar, a conversation rooted in your personal tastes on wine (or beer) ensues: a miniature wine-therapy session that culminates in tasting a wine or two expressly selected to suit your taste, leading to the perfect glass. Seriously, these guys know what they're doing.
Follow the Sta-Wet directions for how to activate your palette paper and spongy bit (that's where the casserole dish and hot water come in.)Stick the palette paper and sponge in your box's bottom. Grab your paints. This tiffin box has kept my acryla-gouache happy for months:
Fan – 80mm + 120mm
So watch this space over the next week or so.
Sophia Lorenza
Texans — will be chillin’ out
Secondly and maybe most importantly, is that you can get credit of up to 5% for referring your friends to RakeRecovery. Simply use the refer a friend button in your account or just instant message myself (Paul or Beanie) or Deanova7 (Derek) with your friends info and if we can get them signed up you get credit. If you are interested in being set up for this simply email us at host@rakerecovery.com.
