58 Brave New World – Aldous Huxley*
I lived in a total of 7 different flats in 5 years, interspersed by two short spells at home and one brief stay with a friend while in-between flats. In that time, I’ve experienced:
Modernism architecture was also took much more consideration as to the materials used such as the Crystal Palace (1851) which was made for the Great/First Exhibition. Joseph Paxton had an idea relating to a green house, the idea was to prefabricate the elements to put together quickly and take down quickly for a temporary building (glass was easy to assemble, mass-produce and relatively cheap). Therefore the new architecture dismissed the farce and decoration from Classical architecture which focused on gothic features and flamboyance. In all aspects of art, there is shown to be a drastic change in style from Classical to Modernist.
Come enjoy happy hour on the Market for a great cause, while getting food and drink discounts, not to mention the music will be provided by your Club Bully DJ rDOT.
4 skills
GPS Vehicle Tracking Devices
These fabulous House of Holland Bandana Knee tights are perfect for a snowy March day! When I first woke up this morning I was surprised at the inch of snow that had dusted the ground just as spring has arrived. My thoughts immediately went to the Daffodils in my front garden and if they would be able to stand up to the weather.
I fear no evil, for You are with me;
I had this chocolate mousse cake at 9:30 am during brunch. It was 12:30 in the East Coast. That’s a perfectly acceptable time to eat chocolate mousse cake.
Yesterday was beautiful and cold.
Enough of my rambling, I've been up all night again and with only a couple of hours of dreamland the night before... I need to drag myself into bed now.
‘In the Belly of Jonah’ is written alternately in Liv’s first person perspective and third person. The close third person P.O.V. allows the reader to not only observe Streeter Pierce and the killer but also see into their thought processes.
Contact her via www.freshstartfreshfaith.org or anita.freshfaith@gmail.com
Dr. Naugle was kind enough to take some shots of the trees while he took that same walk. This was one of those trees. So twisty and moving. I loved that it seemed to spread out in all directions. I call it "The Lewis Tree."
You can actually capture the experience of it. An essay, among the many other things it is, can be a window through which you can watch the writer’s consciousness follow itself.
The follow three diagrams illustrate the effect of adding additional BPOs to a single Component Assembly Array. Figure A uses 3 BPOs of item A (Green Line) and 2 of item B (Red Line) – resulting in total production time of 65hrs to produce the required items.
We had 34 entries last month.
So put aside your fear because God is always here.
Jaela - by what she does
We hear the troops will be staying longer than expected.
It’s something to look forward to; to work towards. There is a goal and you are striving for it.
One more time, yeah
Naturally, her remarks made me believe I was a dead woman walking. And little did I know how close to the truth, that indeed, was.
...the memo doesn’t show a gutsy call. It doesn’t show a president willing to take the blame for a mission gone wrong. It shows a CYA maneuver by the White House.
It is always a blessing to be surrounded by folks with talent.
Megan
Happy Dancing!
I am informed there will be draught Weihenstephaner Korbinian tonight.
Another was the African Diaspora Conference, scheduled for 7–10 October 2008, which would bring together African leaders on the continent and those in the Diaspora, in line with an African Union (AU) resolution.
i wrote an angsty post earlier. then i password protected it. for about an hour. and about five seconds ago, i deleted the post. i’m tired of the bullshit and the drama. i just wanna get trashed right now. or bake my lungs out.
Ty is someone who’s super sensitive about his mum being very young, he’s very affected by perceived slights and criticism. He gradually learns that he’s not the only one with problems.
Currently, there are a few casual cyclists on the road during the week. On weekends the recreational cyclists come out in large numbers, some with spandex, some with casual clothing.
I topped my pancakes with bananas, strawberries, pineapple, and some lite syrup (Patrick has gotten be hooked on a brand that he really likes haha).
Lots of good things about this script. First thing I noticed was the plot device O’Connor used to frame the story – a trial. Specifically getting to a trial where one man could prove another man guilty. Just like The Hitman’s Bodyguard! This was not by accident. Notice how the device creates the trifecta of a goal, stakes, and urgency. The goal is to make it to the trial. The stakes are if he doesn’t, Hagan goes free. And the urgency is the ticking time bomb of the trial, coupled with Hagan’s men on his tail. I’m not surprised at all that O’Connor leaned on this device a second time, as it’s an effective way to frame a story.
She went on to say, “We were elected to govern, and that doesn’t mean you agree with everybody. I’m going to support both county commissioners who are up for election this year. Because I think that overall their goal is to govern. I’m going to catch flak for telling you that, but that’s OK.”
Ingeniously, Beard has discovered the voices of the Ancient Roman dead - not of the emperors or their spin doctors - but of the ordinary people: the butchers, the ex-slaves, the woman who loved wine, the shitters and the bathers, the parents of the boy brained by a falling roof tile, and so on. She channels their words to us from their stone memorials chiselled in Latin which lay about under other historians' noses for two millennia; awaiting Mary Beard's exquisite TV seances. These dead people were like us live people, desperate to be heard and remembered. Just like the TV critic with his funny matchstick legs, his ageing male model face, his dyslexia and other sob story details (a mother complex, for instance, and a love life I cannot repeat here).
A: Lt. Jacqueline "Jack" Daniels has seen humanity at its most depraved and terrifying. She's lost loved ones. Come close to death countless times. But she always manages to triumph over evil. Luther Kite is humanity at its most depraved and terrifying. He's committed unthinkable acts. Taken human life for the sheer pleasure of it. He is a monster among monsters, and no one has ever caught him. Each is the best at what they do. Peerless. Unmatched.
Now, remember I said that Glenmorangie is a distillery that employs scotch thinkers? I have a theory. I think that when they choose the name for their editions, they aren’t just picking names that will be snazzy or memorable, but rather they are working like masons to plant clues, choosing words that actually prepare the consumer for the experience. For example, even the Glenmorangie name gives you the hint of citrus. Do you see it? Guess what I tasted in my first dance with Glenmorangie, that 18-year? Orange. Even better, when you see the word “Finealta” from the floor of the liquor store, it is really easy to see that “f” as a “p”. With that, your mind carries you to interpret without fully reading, and you get “pineapple.” And that’s what I thought it said the first time I saw it. Guess what you’ll smell (and taste slightly) with the first sweet aromatic waft? Blueberries. Just kidding…pineapple.
Another score today: A book on Japanese craft beer from the local library. It informs that Unazuki is form Kurobe-shi, where its beers source malts and other local ingredients. Their lineup, while not extensive, has won acclaim at some beer festivals.
How would you style up the bodysuit? I would love to know your ideas, so please leave me a comment and tell me what you would do differently for a different look and feel!
Neera Tanden
Cloak continued: “These pathways were twisted and reconstructed by the Revenants who sought to breach the walls, but the true entrance is now buried under the ground.”
So I bought 'em all.
11:30 – Saturday Night Live (NBC): Eli Manning hosts which is going to be the most adorable thing in the world.
To read the remainder of the King's article visit:
Firstly, I have to say that if this post is mildly incoherent, I'm sorry. That pesky cold seems to be intent on hanging around for at least a little while longer, and I still haven't fully caught up on sleep. But I want to get a post written about the gathering, so that's what I'm doing!
fears of water or anything. More worried about showing my ass in a
While his initially pleasant marriage to the late Christine, violinist and ceramist, was still functional—she having later become a rather nutty recluse in the upstate country house, while he soldiered on in the city apartment so cluttered with decades-old newspapers she had amassed that even the dog had to fight his way through to the door—the Kissels and the Simons had many joyous dinners together. But out of respect for Christine, who never even set foot any more in the city, Howard kept those mounds of newspapers till the day she died, though when some utility like the fridge broke down, he felt too ashamed to let a repairman in to see the mess. And that is another good thing about him: he provided one with a veritable trove of bizarrely funny anecdotes. For example, about the leaky roof in the kitchen of their country house, which they couldn’t afford to have repaired, and merely had some sort of tarpaulin to keep the rain off their meals.
And yes, I am being sarcastic! I am, in reality, feeling the same kind of frost towards Babyface that I have felt, from time to time, towards my editor. But not to worry, as I mentioned, I will be instrumental in the planning of next year’s budget. We’ll get that cash flowing again, and I think, as a start, Old Age Security could start at about age 49 or 50. And Mrs. Babyface can sleep well at night knowing that I am not at all interested in poaching her husband, even though we will be working closely together! He’s too babyfaced!
The beer is pound-coin-golden with a white head; immediately after pouring I notice heavy carbonation with lots of tiny bubbles billowing from the sides of the glass. The aroma is subdued but I can detect lemony citrus with a sweetness behind it – imagine the smell of a concentrated lemonade syrup.
Paul Winterstein – Dow Jones Newswire/The Wall Street Journal, 04/23/2012
We then made a hasty exist amid a groundswell of shushing and cursing from the exasperated audience.
Don’t kid yourself. Because if you do, you’ll be shooting yourself in the foot yet again. The only control you might have is which foot and how many toes you can blow off.
Today's entry was very well written, but there were a couple of edits that won't surprise long-time readers of this blog. You guys know what I do to the bling and the -ing!
I knew Jenny would be there in the next 30 minutes---I borrowed a riding saddle and bridle from my trainers daughter----I had to let every strap out to almost full length---he was a big boy.
What does it even mean to "not be a quitter"? Certainly it can't mean that you never stop doing something once you have started. Because no one would qualify. So it must mean something else, like you never quit something because it's hard. Or you never quit something "in the middle" or until you have achieved a certain amount of success.
a) cost
We didn't expect you. We weren't planning on you.
I am no longer getting it stuck in weird places or stepping on it when I bend over.... but it's still pretty darn long.
Well, following extensive works, including demolition, tree felling, mine sweeping, slab and brick laying, timber framing and corrugated iron painting, the Lodge has now been rebuilt and is open for bookings. This was the culmination of a lot of planning, coordination (or is that multi-tasking) and downright hard work, not to mention moments of frenetic activity to get it all ready on time.
Innovate on What You Borrow
the U.S. corporation is itself bankrupt and has made us into the
From Genevieve Graham, author of Under the Same Sky, comes a sweeping romantic historical novel of one man’s strange gift and dangerous battles…
5: Barracuda
Further confirmation that the 24 elders are not Christians in heaven can be found in Revelation 14 where both the elders and the 144000 are part of the audience that is hearing the song from heaven. They are a distinct group.
STEAMED! – Your one stop shop for all things steampunk. A great section on the art and craft of writing steampunk and a growing collection of book reviews along with art and culture news.
I'm guessing that they're ok with doing Disney and not Discovery Cove?
Remembered now with sadness.
34 Go to the left side of the Property inspector and assign an Instance name to the text field: name it letter_txt.
Just because I don’t do anything, it doesn’t mean I feel nothing.
I haven't had a moment to photograph my layouts yet, but here are some photos that made it into my Project Life album last week:
Let us perform as gladly, too,
MANILA, Philippines – Beginning today, GMA 7 airs Playful Kiss, the Koreanovela that gained 520,000 hits on YouTube two days after its first episode was published online. It replaces Temptation of Wife.
/opt/VRTSddlpr/lib
the beauty created by other people in recent days...
One misguided therapist says, “I think you feel like you’re lacking in attention in some way. What is it you need from your husband that you’re not getting?” Huh???????We’ve been married 12 years and he just found out. I’m good at this attention seeking thing. NOT!
And on that note: All of you enjoy yourselves this Labor Day weekend, and try not to do anything you'll regret later!
TV On The Radio – Repetition (DGC Records)
Why not visit a few and see what they're blogging about?
The dogs and I are walking in the village by waning moonlight.
Corners are a big deal in Paris... I never really thought about this before... How unobservant of me... Paris is all about the corners... the broad and generous curves are perfect for sidewalk cafés... and they are all the more charming with this rounded perspective...
But this was a decade after the Presbyterian Synod of Philadelphia sponsored the first life insurance company in America in 1759 for the benefit of Presbyterian ministers and their dependents. While history tells us the first insurance company in the American colonies was formed in Charleston, S.C., in 1735, that company offered fire insurance and didn’t add life insurance until 1760.
Ismita has done well in weaving life on sea with that of the protagonist Sancha, a 6 month old married careless-carefree pretty woman. In fact, the Prologue hits you with a bang, something like a big chunk of raw meat thrown suddenly at you, catching you unawares! And, you realize that inspite of it all you want more of it simply because herein lie the clues to understanding of the novel, set amidst the sea-faring atmosphere.
reading, my body to flop.
Richard Harris, 45 has been General Manager of Ocean Bowl in Falmouth since it opened in 2002.
She'd love you to forget that she was so caught up with being the one of the dinosaur media's favorite Republicans that she was willing to openly endorse an avowed socialist for the presidency, primarily because she and people like Kathleen Parker and David Brooks saw Sarah Palin and people who thought like her as idiots who embarrassed them at the smart, sophisticated parties they attended in Manhattan or Georgetown with their Lefty buddies.
Yet another Amy Butler pattern (they're just the best after all!), the "Honey Bun Pouf" is rather misleading in its title. When I hear "pouf", I think "dainty". This is no dainty pillow. This is a hardcore, comfy piece of furniture (well almost)! Pillow on steroids! First, the larger size is enormous! My...posterior...is rather...generous, but "it" fits perfectly right in the middle of this beauty. Now, I don't meditate...but this pillow makes me WANT to meditate just so I can sit on this massive "tuffet". It's like sitting on a cloud! We've carried this pillow pattern for a really long time. I don't know why it's taken me so long to make samples but when we purchased the Lark Home Decor Fabric, we decided to plan our 2012 booth set-up around the Lark fabric lines. It is so suited for Home Decor with the geometric prints and darker hues. (In other words, the husband can live with it more easily than bright pink flowers!)
Left early to drive to Horsham. Not far to the east of the Barossa the country changed dramatically, becoming much rockier and drier and further on again, flatter. We stopped for lunch at Keith as I wanted to see if the Penny Farthing was still there. It turned out to be a good move because, although the cafe had changed its name to Henry and Rose, it was in the same spot and the fantastic quality was still there. We had a lovely early afternoon tea in a courtyard which is new. They also sell gifts which were also very stylish. The other bonus of Keith was that the park had a roller coaster, unlike any I’ve ever seen in parks, which the kids absolutely loved. We stopped again in Nhill where there was a fantastic raised boardwalk over the swamp which I’d never heard of. There are some photos showing the swamp completely dry but there was lots of water in it when we were there. In Horsham we stayed in the caravan park which was right near the river and after dinner we went for a lovely walk along the river to an island (connected by a wooden bridge) where there was a great playground. It was a lovely evening although with an autumn chill in the air adn it was getting quite late and dark by the time we went home.
spend a year there,
3. Pretty Ballerina
When I was a teenager, I worked for a newspaper. I was an assistant copy editor, and I also wrote articles. My editor could always count on me turning in a lot of material. My articles were lengthy. Give me a story about a local fair, and I’ll write you a book. I was proud of that ability. I felt that I could make any news piece long and interesting. I considered it a challenge. Sports column? No problem. I can write sports. 4-H spotlight? I’ve got that, no sweat.
Of course most advertisers are smarter than that and usually try and promote to their target market audience. In the case of a Christian romance you may get advertisements for a Christian dating service.
To date, E&O has reclaimed 240 acres and is developing phase one of the project called Seri Tanjung Pinang, and has been seeking the state government’s approval to reclaim the balance concession area of 740 acres.
Continue my education with a photography, sewing or cooking class -or all three. Giving myself a big fat "F" for this one, BUT I will start a sewing class soon to learn how to use my sewing machine & serger (from my grandma-in-law). My goal is to make some pillow cases & curtains.
Searle: I did say which European country, so in case you didn’t hear that, I can let you try again.
Then, when they walk out of high school, they find that they're hosed. They've wasted some of the most important years of their life trying to fit into some ridiculous notion of what's "cool." My foundation, The Big Brain Club, isn't about straight A's or honor rolls (although we like those); our mission is to help young people become the best versions of themselves. We help students visualize what REALLY matters going forward, and how what they do in a classroom today has a cascading effect on the rest of their lives.
Middle was too pointy. As she grew she slept in the shape of a greater than sign and you either got the pointy bum or the pinchy toes poking you all night. But the parents got used to it and soon all slept soundly with with a blanket tucked between them.
They had been fou for weeks thegither!
Judith sent plum (made with fruit her brother grew) and candied jalepenoes
A major selling point for the expansion has been the opportunities the wing brings to Madison and the university. It gives city residents new opportunities to experience art. Most obvious are the artworks themselves. The Chazen is currently the proud holder of pieces by 20th century figureheads like Roy Lichtenstein, Jasper Johns and Pablo Picasso. Many of these are on lend from the private collections of Simona and Jerome Chazen (for whom the museum is named), so viewers should see them while they can.
They know that there are some souls in each and every world culture that can be manipulated into fulfilling their dark agenda and being controlled by them somehow, and this is why they churn out propaganda through each and every figurehead that they install in the surprisingly sparse countries in which they still have control over.
They’re all precious in His sight
Pacquiao gets paid enormously fighting for personal glory. Rizal fought domination and gave up his life that we may become free, independent and respected.
Later that night, I saw a TV commercial for Marathon Oil. Everyday, genuine Americans were pictured going about the business of their everyday, genuine lives. They rode horses, drove convertibles, splashed on a beach, laughed and romped. In the background, you could hear the Marathon theme song, presumably sung by the same cashiers I met earlier that day:
Before I know it, the thing takes on the shape of a short novel, and I realize I am in danger of Blogjacking. Not even danger, really, I am actually DOING it, and the only reason it isn't considered Blogjacking by the owner of the blog is because I happen to be in good standing with said owner.
cultural mix of Portuguese, gypsies in a way, having been on the sea for forever…the Latin feels… the Indigenous, from the Amazon with
"I would say, musicality, embrace, connection and creativity. I get totally energized if we are being creative and in sync with the music."
Internet in main square is 10kn for 50mb.
I’m rocking my baby and babies don’t keep.
21. The Ataris - San Dimas High School Football Rules
While the BTAC is an annual release, they tend to be quite consistent from year to year, especially in the last four or five years. Do you really need a bottle of each when you have a closet full of the past releases? Can't we leave some for the newbies?
I thought I was prepared for the zombie uprising.
You may be wondering why I’m telling you this. Don’t worry, I’m getting to the point. It’s a good point, too. You’ll want to stick around. Trust me.
“He turns not back who is bound to a star.” (Leonardo Da Vinci)
The email, released as part of the Wikileaks Stratfor dump, includes details of a joint strategic meeting which took place at the Pentagon on December 6, 2011, and included at least one representative from both the UK and France.
But it was almost too airy now. I needed a rug to ground the space, but I didn't want a rectangle. I wanted to soften the angles of the room and my seating arrangement a bit and a rectangle would have cut off the dining area and the room's small enough as is. So I thought - oooh, cowhide! And then I found this fake one on Overstock for a great price. Done.
In order to exact the penalties required by law, the German government found it useful to require all Jews to wear yellow stars. This necessitated sending the Gestapo and other thugs out into the neighborhoods asking questions so that all those who ought to be wearing yellow stars were properly identified first. It worked fine. There were always neighbors around happy to cooperate with the process. Clearly there are plenty of civic-minded Arizonans willing to provide similar services to police.
A biggish project prior to Christmas was going down to the new WHC at Basingstoke to see Mark Freeth's new set-up..well, at the moment its a big, airy, empty unit! Not strictly true after me visit as I dropped of a very full van load of timber in order to help mark build the all important tables. I've volunteered my rudimentary carpentry skills to help him and we are going to start building in the new year. Should be pretty straightforwards but blimey, do you need a lot of wood!
For the ale drinker now, a world of only dark beers would seem like a paradise. But much of the brewing was very inconsistent, the flavors and aroma not being regulated by strict yeast strains, yielding varying degrees of success. Lagering changed all that, and combined with the science, brewers were able to make to new, clearer beers. The technology employed to create such creations was applied to all styles of beer, benefiting the old and the new. Truth to be told, ales progressively fell out of favor as they represented the old world, and lagers came to dominate the markets, probably associated with the progressive spirit in which they were born. Ales have made a come-back, but lagers still dominate the beer landscape. So rather than ignore them, the student of beer will become familiar with them.
My week leading up to the trip to New York was an amazing one. I gathered all of the places here in San Francisco that I hadn't had the time to see, and built an itinerary. There were trips to Kitchenette, Muir Woods, MOMA to see Avedon, Il Cane Rosso, Thursday Farmers Market, Rickhouse, Coffee Bar, Foreign Cinema for brunch, Yerba Buena Gardens with my nephews, and Heaven's Dog. Ginger was out for her brothers wedding (which was fun and beautiful) and in a way we shared a dual vacation. If I had only had that one week to relax, it would've been enough...but New York was looming on the horizon. And in a way it was making me nervous as hell.
The historical Cromwell is an opaque figure, which is most likely why Mantel is interested in him: the less is truly known, the more room for a novelist. Cromwell rose from obscure and violent origins through a life abroad – sometime soldier, sometime merchant – to become England's top go-to man, the prime maker-and-breaker of fortunes and spines, secretly hated and despised, especially by aristocrats. He played Beria to Henry VIII's tyrannical Stalin: he did the dirty work and attended the beheadings, while Henry went hunting.
I feel like people assume Asians are just truckin’ along alright because they’re good at math and business and don’t cause a ruckus. But it’s not true. I’d also guess that Mexicans tend to be highlighted more as the illegal immigrants because there’s a racist component behind it. People don’t seem to be as inclined to say “Why are all the Asians doing our laundry and our nails and selling us booze and working in restaurants?” Asians just don’t make themselves as visible, and as a result, non-supporters of immigrant rights target Mexicans because they make themselves heard.
You’re driven to success.
· Inkpad.
Stamps - PTI Mehndi medallion, Gracious Vases
Then, I had a kid.
Couldn’t buy the seed to plant this spring and the farmers bank foreclosed
Volomir: Have you learnt to paint and sculpt all by yourself, have you attended courses, or do you have some sort of personal master?
You can help make history! You can sign up to be an indexing volunteer and designate the volunteer group you wish to be affiliated with - if you have one. The next step is to download the indexing software. And get started making the index available free and to the public!
I love to dig. If I had my health back, and if digging didn't make such a mess, I could do it everyday simply for the joy of it.
How about our speedometers be hooked up to the internet, so they can ticket us if we go 56MPH in a 55MPH zone?
Dear Friday's, I do love that I get to work from home on this day... Dear Work Badge, I'm sorry I accidently flushed you down the toilet at work on Tuesday... Oops! I guess I was ready for a new picture anyways. Dear Pool, thank you for opening this weekend I can't wait to spend some time with you this summer! Dear Husband, I'm seriously counting down the days until you can shave your beard off. I'm not a fan! Dear Mustache/White Trash Party, please come quickly (May 19)!!! Dear Cary Distance Festival, please don't be hilly tomorrow! I'd like a nice flat 10K (6.2 miles) please!
Jim ("Hit Back Twice As Hard") Messina, the national campaign manager for Obama, introduced the band, saying the members appeared "because they care about their country."
Joe never lost his feelings for Keri but tried to move on. When he sees her again and makes the request of her coming along his family's holiday he realises its just going to put him back where he started. But he can't stop himself from trying to seduce her and eventually trying to get her to stay this time. Soon she starts to take over his mind and he can't get her out.
- Tricep dips (15)
The summer is always an interesting time for film. People tend to be at home with nothing to do so studios release their most entertaining films to bleed us dry. I am actually looking forward to this summers harvest, it has been awhile since there was such a great line up. So, here is a list of the films that will be taking my money this summer.
"The sports fan who comes to the Astrodome steps right into the Age of Automation. His comfort is insured by a space-age Control Center nicknamed 'The Brain' by stadium personnel. The Stadium Control Center, a 17 ft. console, combines the most modern system of electronic and mechanical gauges, scanners, testers and instruments of control ever put together in one operation. The Brain replaces 280 men who would be working continuously to keep the air conditioning working"
The Flash feature ‘Pictobrowser’ I have decided to use in the Home page instead after seeing Photographer Micheal Robert William’s website http://www.michaelwilliams.co.uk/mrwportfolio/index.htm showing his most recent work on a slide show as his Home page.
6. Ditch the running shoes, wear heels. I know it sounds REALLY stupid (and I don't even like that word), but I can speak from experience. I lived in Virginia for a few years, and right down the street was a Wegmans.
Bear Republic Pete Brown
for me. Excuses give me the illusion of control to be able to explain
So here is a slide show with some of the cakes that
Trump thinks he can win the Republican nomination AND be President.
A 1981 Mercury Grand Marquis. Don't be jealous. It might've been awesome had it been 1981 when I went to high school. Actually, no. It probably still wouldn't have been awesome. And it still wasn't awesome 15 years later when I got to drive it into the school parking lot. I know you might think that this car probably boosted me to instant popularity, but you are wrong.
It's obvious that the people of France are not students of history, just like us here in the United States. Socialism has never worked, never, ever, at any time in the history of our world. It has always been a failure every time it has been tried.
Ziyi Zhang has had limited success in the U.S. since making her U.S. debut in Rush Hour 2 and her most critically-acclaimed film to date, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. Most of her film work remains in China while she’s made the occasional appearance in American films like The Horseman, TMNT, and Memoirs of a Geisha.
4 cups fresh green beans, snapped
Thankful for the friendship you give
Whisk in the honey, eggs and orange zest.
I loved the title of Eminent Gangsters which is subtitled “Immigrants and the Birth of Organized Crime in America” ($57.00, University Press of America). At a time when Americans are grappling with the issue of massive numbers of illegal aliens coming across the nation’s southern border or just visiting and over-staying their visas, this is a fascinating look at the way a handful of earlier immigrants, Italians, Jews and later the Irish, became the Five Families of the New York Mafia to include the Capone gang in Chicago, and others who cooperated to an extent that dominated crime from the days of Prohibition onward until exposed. Starting in the 1920s, these were men in a hurry to cash in on the American dream. From its origins in Sicily, the Mafia would control crime in New York, Chicago, and New Orleans, eventually spawning a vast war in which the families emerged victorious. The ban on liquor, transport and sale was a bonanza for these criminals and laid the groundwork for the Mafia’s infiltration of many elements of American society. On a lighter note, I greatly enjoyed A Dangerous Woman: The Life, Lovers, and Scandals of Adah Isaacs Menkin, 1835-1868 by Barbara and Michael Foster ($24.95, Globe Pequot). Who is she? How about “the mother of theatrical and film nudity”? Adah drew overflow audiences from Broadway to Paris as her front-page scandals and under-the-counter nude photos made her an erotic sensation in the midst of the Victorian era. She married five times and her lovers included Alexandre Dumas and Algernon Swinburne, among others. She bedazzled a young reporter, Mark Twain, with her performance in gold rush San Francisco. He deemed her a magnificent spectacle.” If one was to create her as a character in a novel, even fiction could not compete with her real life. The daughter of a beautiful Creole mother, father unknown, with a series of step-fathers, one who endowed her with the Jewish faith, Adah grew up in Texas where she became a trick rider in the circus and then became an actress where, in New York, she performed comedy, tragedy, along with song and dance; in short, immensely talented and possessed of real intellect. Not until Marilyn Monroe, did any performer so captivate and titillate audiences.
I fell in love with her the day we met, I was madly in love with her for four wonderful years and I am still madly in love with her and will be until the day I breathe my last sigh of life.
Sometimes it is compassion;
Fry for 8 minutes, or until the ambades turn a golden brown colour and are crispy on the outside.
But Solely
Apple Cider Stew
Still, the author is right to suggest not to focus on externals.
Then, of course, I'm moving too slow. I'm moving too fast and now they think I'm going without them. I stepped on someone's hat. I dressed that one first, and this one wanted to go first. This one is screaming at me. This one is going for a time-out.
Four skins later, and Ms Avins had enough hide to make her vest.
at midday i have learned to walk with awe to know this world of mystery
But Paul’s letters were not written to please the people or to raise money for his travels. He never succumbed to human pressure but wrote concerning divine admonitions and Biblical expositions. He told them what they (and we) needed to know.
Such is the story of Twilight, the mortal heroine, young teenager Bella, like so many teenagers today (sadly even Christians), is naïve about the reality of her eternal soul and is willing to give her all to a demon-possessed blood-sucking young man because she doesn’t value the eternal life Jesus died to give her. (In a future movie, Bella succumbs to vampire status -- and yes! they do have sex and an unwanted baby.)
The secret is this; you cannot manufacture unconditional love out of your own heart. It’s impossible. It’s beyond your capabilities. It’s beyond all our capabilities.
We soon reached the end of the road, which was a parking lot. Nearby there was an old dilapidated building of the erstwhile Kingly era, which we quickly recognized as the rest room of the former Maharaja. There was nobody in the vicinity. I didn’t let out my antsy feeling and acted brave.
Why doesnt anybody want to ever take any fucking responsibility? Why do 'they' always have to 'do something about it'?
“Are you aware that you are no longer Minutiae?”
What is the best piece of writing advice you ever received: Write what inspires you.
RED BOX ‘Plenty’ Cherry Red return of the 80′s pop band although they are now more akin to the mighty Talk Talk. The soundscapes and instrumentation on this album are something else, highly recommended for lovers of thoughtful, well crafted pop music.
700 D-IX/24/1975. “The Articles of Confederation.” Conference on the United States Constitution: A Bicentennial Consideration of Its Humanistic Roots and Contemporary Significance, Loraine County Community College, Norwalk, Ohio.
Some previous Probaway posts on migraine are:
My favourite find of the day was this beautiful 19th century French wire work basket. It cost a small fortune but it had to come home with me. I have grand designs for this as a centrepiece at Christmas...watch this space....... Andy isn't really sure about this one!
This would make a fabulous side dish for any meal, especially Thanksgiving dinner. Even though I am not in Canada, I will be celebrating over here in Denmark this weekend with plenty of Plenty, and of course, Spicy Roasted Broccoli with Almonds.
What a Great Way To Start Off a New Year!
The first and second classes were for the team competition. I felt like I let the other two down. Both of them have competed for consecutive years at this show and assured me it's all in the luck of the draw with these horses. Still though...I can ride, I shouldn't be getting stops like that. She was really slamming on the brakes on me though.
Why can't people just say shirt or top or round neck tunic with puffed sleeves?
I can't help but be sorry for that.
But they took them on their iPods and
I used Echo Park patterned paper and Papertrey Ink cardstock (stamper's select white, hawaiian shores), stamps (super stars, wonderful words additions) & dies (seeing stars, uppercase block alphabet). Instead of stitching my border, I decided to add some My Mind's Eye decorative brads.
It states –
What kind of mental gymnastics does it take to turn a simple ID requirement into “a discriminatory voting practice”? Why isn’t the TSA racist for requiring a photo ID to get on a plane?
It began oh so innocently, a mew, a purr and suddenly I was in PetSmart buying a fancy new automatic waterdish. Who needs an automatic waterdish?! The next day was worse. I found myself convinced that moist food was the only way to go. My precious needed soft food, preferably warmed for exactly 15 seconds in the microwave with a soupçon of paprika. Paprika?? What was happening here! I tried to resist this silliness, but I was tormented by a fluffy tail in my face every time I began to fall asleep. After two sleepless nights, I caved. I caved like a wet tissue in a sneezing fit. It was over for me. I admitted defeat. I was now the captive human of a 2 pound Persian and her toy mouse.
And there are rules, for crying out loud:
Ever seen a picture of a person (in our case a child) and felt an instant connection? That's how Jeff and I have been going through this Foster-to-adopt adventure. Once we saw the picture of R over a year ago we knew "there's our son." After we saw R we saw a sibling group of three C, T, and T and decided if things didn't work out with R we'd consider the entire sibling group since they are to be adopted together. Today I checked the adoption registry, as I do daily, and there are two new faces: J and Q.
so he never wants to go out for it.
But you never know kids are kids after all.
But, in the end, Thomas doesn’t need to touch Christ’s wounds. He simply and sincerely exclaims (verse 28), ‘My Lord and my God!’ This must come as a relief to the disciples. If Thomas had been forever doubting, they would have had problems preaching the Word. In verse 29, Jesus gently rebukes him by essentially saying, ‘Now are you happy that you have seen and feel able to believe? What about those who have not seen and yet believed?’
01 Wail, Frank, Wail (Hope) 6:28
Observed the frozen pathway I must ride,
1) Re-post this blog on your own blog any time before June the 18th and give your readers a chance to hear about what we’re doing. You can simply copy and paste the text, or you can find the htmlhere.
Mushrooms are like sponges that are secretly holding a lot of water, so you need to saute them before adding them to your quiche. I just placed them in a skillet coated with non-stick spray (and a little garlic for flavor) and then sprinkled them with salt and pepper. Just a touch. The salt will help draw out the moisture.
All testing in my classes will occur this Friday as follows (again, you can download printable study guides for reading and language arts at “Week 35″ in the sidebar on the right):
We figure when baby bird season is over, we can clean the windows.
“You use very figurative language to describe criminals from a certain area but you wouldn’t use the same language about the bankers.”
I'm so freaking lucky. I always wanted to see those places, but never in a million years thought I would. Yet somehow things worked out so that I could. Damn. Amazing. And Strange.
“It failed to take into account that the land was NCR land of the Iban community. A serious mistake on the part of the government agency could breed serious conflicts amongst the various ethnic groups. DAP sees this slip in administrative procedure as a serious matter that needs to be resolved urgently, ” Luak said.
Maybe I'm wrong.
As a reminder, I have attached a simple note to each toilet. They seem to be helpful so far.
L’Engle’s A Wrinkle in Time: To be honest, I can’t recall when I first read this extremely pivotal book, but, since I’ve read it probably twenty times since, it scarcely matters. This book is amazing in every possible way. I recommend it to all – young and old. My senior high school English teacher told me that she read it first when she was thirty years old, and she read it again each year afterwards, and found something new in it each time. I couldn’t agree more.
Onions –1 Chopped finely
Oh, they eat crawdads here as a tradition when they're on boats in the summer. It's sort of cool: a crawdad broil on a riverboat with beers, wine, and champagne in a relatively bucolic landscape. We staged the party and the whole boat smelled like delicious crawdads and I had none. I ate sand. You ate what? I ate sand and pulled focus and was generally cramped and slightly annoyed until we got off the boat. Not a bad day of work but could have been easier if everyone else would have gotten the fuck out of the way. So it goes.
U.S. Release date: October 5, 2012
Picture this: you open up your Skype contacts list in order to make a call. You can see that ten of your contacts are online, including the person that you’re hoping to call, but are they actually sitting by their PC? Are they in a space conducive to phone calls? Can they easily move to a quiet room in order to take a call, without having to change PCs or unplug and move a laptop? Sure, you can use the in-built chat system to check whether or not they are available to answer a call, but you can’t confidently cold-call them as you would their mobile phone. Mobile phone use today is commonplace, reflexive, habitual. The infrastructure is essentially everywhere, and the hardware is in most everybody’s pocket.
Another year, another story. I wait till the last moment to write it, so that it is fresh and spontaneous!
Now, I hope I don’t really have to say that, I’m all for helping each other through it – I’m all for letting others know they are ‘not alone’. I do believe that by talking about it and sharing we can help others with similar problems learn to cope and that the facets of society that don’t have issues of this type can be made to be more understanding – I’m not talking about it on that level – I’m talking about something deeper.
Jintan: All right. Here you go, Anaru!
Healing with the Angels Oracle Cards;
“The $1.5 million appropriation would have paid the faculty/staff salaries and operating expenses of the Crestview Center,” FAMU President James H. Ammons stated in a Wednesday email. “Without the appropriation, FAMU will now evaluate how best to proceed.”
By the end of October, 2011, I was headlining a festival in Florida, back on stage singing, dancing, in rapturous surrender. It WAS a miracle. And the cherry on top of the miracle, if there can be such a thing, was that the concert I gave was a benefit concert for Amma’s Embracing The World charity. Perfection of perfections.
It also reminded me of an article that I wrote for Reuters on International Women's Day that was well received at the time and contains some of the themes in it I'm going to be touching on again in another up-coming article about women in the industry.
Here is the list of beautiful and bold women sharing their stories and talents:
Chronic Fear, in many ways, was just as thrilling and horrific as Liquid Fear. I was, however, surprised at the fact that it wasn't as gritty or as stomach-churning. In fact, I thought it was rather tame compared to its predecessor, which was a little disappointing. However, if you're looking for a good thriller with an interesting premise, Chronic Fear fits the bill.
Cue my move to Melbourne in 2007 and I found myself sharing a small apartment on Chapel Streets doorstep. There was no more loud music, backyard barbeques, no more gardens and no more pets, but I didn’t care. At 22 years old I was in the heart of everything and exactly where I wanted to be. I was working in architecture for a CBD firm and shopping, socialising, and partying within a walk, or tram of my inner city bed.
Like a sourdough bread factory, some artists protect and reserve a part of their starter dough, their creative self. They tuck it away in a safe place in order for it to continue to be nurtured and grow.
Of course, nobody believes that it was accidental. The writer rolled the dice that it would sneak by, because it was clever, and word play is apparently so fucking popular now. And make no mistake. It was clever. And as Aziz Ansari pointed out on Twitter, there is something kind of hardcore about the guy finding
and entrepreneurs
Okay, it’s the crack of dawn on Wednesday, and I’ve been up all night watching TV, watching videos, and browsing the blogosphere. Amazingly enough, my hunk-o-junk has frozen up on me once all night! So, get while the getting is good, right? Unfortunately, out of all that watching and browsing the only thing(s) I’ve run across that actually seems worth posting are three Pink Floyd videos. But they are some damned good ones!
Technical specifications
I'm finally back from vacation and it was so great to meet up with Lacey and her family again. You can see a few holiday snaps in Lacey's fabulous Scrapbook pages below from the day spent at the pool near her beautiful home in Jacksonville.
If you haven't heard about the 'new' Trestle Inn (11th and Callowhill), it's a retro go-go bar with a big whiskey selection; worth checking out. Yes, "go-go bar," with dancers in boots and Barbarella-style outfits, not noodie stuff. Weird, I know, but there you are.
Stabilization
This is our new Chore Chart... I listed out cleaning responsibilities really specifically (otherwise they don't seem to know where to start!). I put the printed chart in a clear sheet protector (Avery brand from Walmart. I cut off the 3 holed strip on the one side) and the girls use Expo Washable Dry Erase Markers to check off the boxes... (yes, the markers are WASHABLE...isn't that wonderful?!!! I think they're new.) This way they use the same chart everyday... no re-printing!
even if you live in cave
Other - Stamp-a-ma-jig and pearls
I do have to thank Kim and Steven, though. Although I didn't run the actual race with them, it was great to be there together, experiencing the same things, and cheering for one another.
11. Unavoidable (02:24)
With a wrench, Taslin leapt upwards - for relative definitions of upwards, at least - and there was a confusing moment of too many directions. Panic receded before his brain relaxed; why had the fear gone?
There is also a growing difference between capitalist leaders over economic policy. The prevailing policy, upheld by Merkel and other eurozone leaders, is that ‘fiscal consolidation’ is imperative to reduce deficits. This means severe austerity policies. However, this has produced a new downturn in the European economy and, as Timothy Geithner, the US Treasury secretary, has warned, now threatens the whole global economy. The fall in government spending and massive cuts in public-sector jobs have set in motion a downward spiral: declining consumer spending, weak investment, higher unemployment, and a decline in tax revenues that can result in even bigger deficits.
auld eyes glittering
Richard Taylor / The Panmure Tavern Songbook / 54
The best part was I had told the birthday boy’s mom that I probably couldn’t decorate it due to the frosting being so soft. But I pulled the rabbit out of the hat. She told me she was really surprised when she took it out of the cake box. That is why I do this. I like making people happy.
We ran to the booth boy and returned our accoutrement and got our money back, and we ran to the Westy, and we raced to Pequot Avenue to watch the action unfold.
Hello cyber-friends!
Am I another souvenir that he must leave behind?
A few months ago, Lariea posted on the "Make The Cut Forum" about these cute little backpack boxes that she had made. CaseysAngel(Christy) then went and found the pattern and directions on the Splitcoaststampers website. They were created and posted by Mary Arima on that site. Her blog is "PaperJoy". I couldn't resist making one. Actually, my plan was to make several as treat bags for my DD's volleyball team. However, they were a bit "fiddly" LOL and I decided there was no way I was making that many (it would have been more than 20 as she plays both JV and varsity!!) so this is a "one of a kind"!
When scandalous satires start appearing in the newspaper with details that closely mirror the lives of the Darlingtons, everyone is looking over their shoulder, worrying their scandal will be next. Because at Wentworth Hall, nothing stays secret for long. (already read and reviewed here)
Preheat oven to 375°.
Stay tuned...there are projects coming to see!
(3) Weird Al because he's such an apt parodist of popular culture, and he so obviously has FUN!
I realise how little we know or care about those who are behind us in our careers, or those who are in jobs less glamorous than us. Take an example for the show abovementioned. We think about how to increase sales by giving great customer service, but we forget the difficulties of our staff in living up to some unrealistic standards that are to be offered at their expense. We think about recycling and saving the environment, but we forget the toil and harsh environments we put our staff in just to achieve what claim we can offer. Of course someone out there is going to talk about society and how sacrifices are made as a normal cycle of life, survival of the fittest, the human food-chain and every other theory we can conjure or pull together. I don’t disagree. I’m just saying it’s a sad fact that we forget too soon how we were once at the bottom of the food-chain suffering all the unimaginables – and we subject others, unwittingly or not, to it after we depart from the sorry state. Now with reference to the very same show above, I noticed how a little kind gesture could make a big difference. You hear in the show about employees who love their jobs but face constraints due to long hours, undesirable conditions, or simply personal family issues. Sometimes we really aren’t asking for too much – an extra day of leave, some flexibility in work hours, a holiday maybe. When the organisation stops to listen to your needs and tries to help you in fulfilling them, you can imagine how happy the employee might be. The upsides are decent – greater loyalty to the company, higher productivity etc. It really pays to be nice sometimes..
Actually, that would be a misinterpretation of the relationship, as the two are ostensibly antagonists, as indeed Merkel and Sarkozy have become. With French exposure to Greek debt much greater than Germany's (see also pic), French banks are expected to take a battering. Germany, on the other hand, will be expected to pick up the bill.
While it’s cooking, scramble the eggs with lots of pepper. When you’re done, toss them in the pan with the salsa and pork. Stir frequently. Keep in mind that the eggs will take a little longer to cook than if they went straight in the pan without the other ingredients. For the love of all that is holy, make sure the eggs are cooked. The snot-like consistency of uncooked eggs makes me gag, hard. When everything is done, (and you’re sure the eggs are cooked), plate it and if you have some cilantro, add it to the top. If you’re not strictly paleo, you could add a dollop of sour cream and perhaps a little shredded cheddar. I did none of the above, mostly because today I decided I was going strict paleo, and because I had no cilantro. Instead, I threw on some red cabbage. It added a really nice crunch. I hope you enjoy!
In general, farmed salmon has the great amount of EPA and DHA, over 2.5 grams per 3.5 ounce serving while wild salmon has just over 1 gram. Anchovies and Atlantic herring are high in EPA and DHA too, both with over 2 grams. Fish from specific areas may contain more or less EPA & DHA. For example, wild Yukon Keta salmon actually possesses up to 5.2 grams, which makes it even better than farmed salmon.
Yet another upscale jewelry designer has landed at HSN, Me & Ro.
Me? I got a wicked cold/flu bug that has had me in bed for two days.
Plenty of meat in the newspaper literary pages this weekend, and some to delight the Bitch. Jed Mercurio, flouting Milan Kundera's warning that film adaptations of novels steal their essence, describes with relish in the Guardian the process of doing so (though I'd say not without revealing the odd doubt). However, a posthumous essay from Susan Sontag in the same paper sounds a deeply serious note about the growing encroachment of television culture on novels and on their crucial role in our social and intellectual life. Sontag says: What serves "the modern" is standardization, homogenization. (Indeed, "the modern" is homogenization, standardization. The quintessential site of the modern is an airport; and all airports are alike, as all new modern cities, from Seoul to São Paulo, tend to look alike.) This pull toward homogenization cannot fail to affect the project of literature. The novel, which is marked by singularity, can only enter this system of maximum diff usion through the agency of translation, which, however necessary, entails a built-in distortion of what the novel is at the deepest level - which is not the communication of information, or even the telling of engaging stories, but the perpetuation of the project of literature itself, with its invitation to develop the kind of inwardness that resists the modern satieties Television distances, she says, whereas novels pay attention and require the reader to do so: I would argue that the mindset [the media] foster and the appetites they feed are entirely inimical to the writing (production) and reading (consumption) of serious literature... On the one hand, we have, through translation and through recycling in the media, the possibility of a greater and greater diffusion of our work. On the other hand, the ideology behind these unprecedented opportunities for diffusion, for translation - the ideology now dominant in what passes for culture in modern societies - is designed to render obsolete the novelist's prophetic and critical, even subversive, task, and that is to deepen and sometimes, as needed, to oppose the common understandings of our fate. These should be words close to the hearts of us novelists but Henry Porter in the Observer suggests that our well-known writers are now colluding with this non-engaged market culture. None is engaging with the urgent issues, he says: ...the widening gap between poor and rich, the seething anger of the underclass, the steady attack on the rights of those who cannot protect themselves, the war in Iraq, the regular deaths of British soldiers in Helmand province, Afghanistan, Guantanamo, rendition. Instead, he says, the widening gap between poor and rich, the seething anger of the underclass, the steady attack on the rights of those who cannot protect themselves, the war in Iraq, the regular deaths of British soldiers in Helmand province, Afghanistan, Guantanamo, rendition. Instead, he says:Nowadays, there seem to be an awful lot of middle-aged blokes dragging their tortured souls around the literary circuit, fretting about their display in Waterstone's.
are you impressed??? OK I know some of you (esp Mrs Butler abroad) will still think it is disorganised, but for me this is very organised - in fact my desk is always organised, I know where everything is...
Inkadinkadoo 807
Replacing acorns with more useful foods,
3. Take water into nose by right hand, snort it out and wipe with left hand three times.
and abundant grace in expressing myself.
Bad timing? Could be, as Woods is playing the best golf he’s played since his off-the-course affairs diminished his game, and vividly played hell on his mental and on-course game.
Well, those days are long gone. I have learned that I am allergic to all that type of bullshit out there with denominations breaking up for stupid reasons.
I Folded! once ….but I’ll play because I ….I Face Reality.
What I can say is that there are insiders dedicated to promoting the universal values of the United Nations. I can also say that the UN should do housecleaning of its own, as it urges others to up the ante in their fight against corruption.
Here are a few of my favorites:
The princess is not so happy.
Maybe it's the curse of youth to be idealistic. Maybe coming to terms with reality is part of becoming an adult - to face the fact that you just can't do certain things given constraints like time, physical and mental limitations. I don't really want to be an astronaut, I would just really like to see space. I'm sure the time will come when it will be possible for me to do so, so I'm not too worried about that.
Evidence Gatherer#2: Sammy Demers
There are times when most of us want to pamper ourselves and buy ourselves the products that not only represent our style statement but, also add more to our social status. One such product is the watches. While the world markets have been introduced with the most sophisticated personal accessories that have found their way into our daily lives, nothing can be compared to the elegance of a good watch.
There are 34 of these lodges!! They are 12' wide x 42' long. Has private rear bedroom with double bed, large bathroom with shower, 8' x 12' carpeted loft with 3 pullout single mattresses, kitchen / living room with double-bed futon sofa, hardwood floors, and 8' x 12' screened-in porch. Includes stove, fridge, microwave, air-conditioning, heat, TV, cable TV, and coffeemaker! You bring pots and pans, towels, and bedding. Each lodge comes with a large 8' wide cedar deck!
When I was 16 and at sixth form college, I used to camp out in my granny's spare bedroom. Having left school, I really did think of myself as grown up, someone who knew everything. Staying with my granny a couple of nights a week sort of felt like I had left home and was independent.
we will with the rest of the UK celebrate. On 5th June we get a National day's holiday.
alley and around the corner we walked. Excited
1 Kings 14-15, Luke 22
When you let other people tell you what to do
I worked from 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. everyday except Saturday which was my half day. We had a good cooked breakfast after milking at about 9 a.m. We had to get the churns up the road end which was about a mile away in time for the milk lorries collection. All the milk went to Ambrosia Creamed Rice Factory in Taunton. About 10 p.m. The hens and pigs were fed and eggs collected, carried pails of water to three deep litter hen houses. Dinner was usually about One to two, then there was all the other jobs to be done- i.e. moving the electric fence to stripe graze the kale (I hated this job). In the winter we had a couple of days thrashing the corn, neighbours came and helped and then we went to their farm. In return,we had to prepare a lot of food to feed everybody and it was very hard work carrying the threshed corn up steps to the loft for storage. The sacks weighed 2 1/2 cwt(hundred weight) each. Another of the jobs was starting the generator for the
ETA, log into your blogger account where you are a follower of this blog
Coldplay is on and I ggured ou t the host is Emma Stone, but I don’t remember seeing her before she introduced fucking Coldplay. Why is their set fucking UV neon? Aren’t they supposed to be hippies and warriors with color armbands or something?
The Man Repeller: now this is really good fun. I am a fan of Leandra Medine, although not necessarily of how she dresses. I don’t share in the love for bullet or eye shaped jewelry or muscle tees (these are for the thin ladies in my opinion) nor I think she always creates beautiful shapes from her juxtapositions, but I do believe she has an amazing eye for shoes and well, the girl has balls (which does explain perhaps the man repelling thing, at least in many cases). I think this is one of the most free and feminine fashion blogs around; a woman who dresses exclusively for herself, who is completely aware of her status as an eccentric, and who embraces it nonetheless. Is eccentricity a tougher path for women than for man? I just thought of that question. Well anyway, this blog is truly worth your while, as the author is a very talented and funny writer and her looks, very inspiring (although you may not necessarily reproduce them literally). She has also got me laughing a lot at myself as she described a pair of Prada sunglasses that is one of my greatest obsessions as white furniture on your face – look at me, doing my man repelling. Well I do like some out of the ordinary pieces, but Ms. Medine will take that sentence to a whole new level I cannot afford to reach (as in I don’t have enough cash to reach it and as in I don’t want to repel my boss because I need him to promote me so that I have enough cash to reach it as well).
Diverse population.
Annie Adams thinks she has it all. Her longtime boyfriend, Nick, is on the verge of becoming a successful film director, her travel column is nationally syndicated, and they've got a great dog. Her life finally feels like it is falling into place. Until, out of nowhere, Nick announces that he's reconnected with a woman from his past and he's moving out.
to happily exclaim - out loud - on how fortunate I was.
The Ghost in Our Apartment House
Learn more about SEO
Well, right now. Nothing. I’m on a deadline. :)
This game is very enjoyable to play but anyone looking for a challenge will be slightly disappointed despite a couple of very challenging levels. Anyone who enjoys Mario will love this game, it’s a brilliant addition to the Mario games and it brings newness to the series without losing that familiarity.
2) Settling is much different than compromising.
Let's look at the award Geller froths about in her erroneous fit, the Najeeb Halaby Award for Public Service.
I ordered all the flowers online in bulk, so each of us got to make our own bouquet. In addition to my bouquet, I also made small bouquets for our moms and Dave’s grandmother Mossy. Anna also did an incredible job on the boutonniers, and my mom and Robbie made every centerpiece a work of art.
The Burton Review Rating: I expect it would have been a 3 star read had I read it two years ago.
In a rare public statement issued on Thursday, Zulkifeli also rebuked “irresponsible parties” for implicating the armed forces and its personnel in corrupt voting procedures.
Service is a sign of God, the very embodiment of love expressing Himself through us. We are given many occasions to serve and experience love and joy. We need to help our needy brothers and sisters to find the love, joy, and hope we ourselves crave. We can offer our time, energy or money in worship to others. In any situation, especially in crisis we are to respond in love, to be Jesus to the world. Bad things will happen the key is to love in spite of it all. Hate and despair are realities, our role is to offer love, joy, and hope to a world that desperately in need of it. We can extend and offer love instead of hate, hope instead of despair, and joy instead of sadness. We can always do something to show the love and grace that has been lavished on us. We can offer our life to others who need to see how much God loves them. Mother Teresa said that we should find one person who feels they are alone and show them that they are not, that they are loved.
Happy Saturday, welcome to a new week of challenges with Speedy Fox and Friends. This weeks challenge is to make a card using three of something. Lately I have been having a creative block so this was hard for me. I thought and thought and thought and this is what I came up with.
Can you imagine what the world will be like if we all put others first? If we actually dare to do unto others as we will have done onto us and beyond that give more attention to doing good to others even if we are not receiving the same treatment?
5. Divide the batter between the four molds and bake at 450 degrees F (230 degrees C) for 6 to 7 minutes. The centers of the cakes will still be quite soft. Invert cakes on serving plates and let sit for about 15 seconds, then unmold. Serve immediately with fresh whipped cream, if desired.
“I made my point based on my personal opinion, belief and conviction. My conscience in this matter is clear,” he told the New Straits Times yesterday.
Then yesterday, I found myself in the men's department buying jeans for my son and found what I was looking for: 100% percent cotton denim jeans. Regular jeans. The waist fits, the length is good , and the price was affordable. I'll be the first to admit they look like guys jeans--a little roomy in the thigh, a little wide at the bottom; they're not perfect. But they're straight without being skinny and the right shade of blue and most important, they won't fall down minutes after I put them on.
My husband and I laugh now at ourselves in those first few days. I think we were in a state of shock. I remember looking over at my husband on the couch the third night or so after the kids had arrived. He was mindlessly staring into space, a look of pure shock on his face. I think back of how we were feeling and can only imagine what the kids were feeling but being so young they couldn’t probably express it.
David Peters writes openly about his frustration the first time he opened Photoshop’s software and felt lost and dejected. The source of his dilemma was even wanted to know the basics seemed out of reach without a tutor sitting next to you. Hence the idea is born for “Learn Photoshop Now.”
It's interesting, the range of emotion that comes to that non-remarkable street corner across from the Kensington abortion clinic. The ones who come to pray bring one set - and the world that drives by - or uses that clinic brings another set.
I spent a couple of days with a slight flu bug that made food very unappetizing.
In such an environment, there is little incentive within the Greek political system to resolve an international dispute over its neighbor.
But she also knew that her best friend was definitely disappointed with her and she even had every right to be. Iqra had to admit that Shahzeb had done no good to her. He never respected her, never loved her and never even bothered to understand her. He was one self-obsessed person whose world revolved around himself. At every moment of their relationship, it was always about Him. His happiness. His wishes. His convenience. His ‘this’ and His ‘that’!
Not because I had finally lost my mind. Not because I was dreaming of the glorious free time I would have while he is duct-taped to the wall (DO NOT EMAIL ME! I AM JUST KIDDING!).
the scent of fresh blood
Then all of a sudden, my phone beeped. There was an email from my editor saying that she needed my help for an article about a new line of clothing. She sent me the details and tasked me to make phone calls and arrange an interview and photo shoot as soon as possible. Immediately, I called our usual studio to schedule the shoot but as luck would have it, they were fully booked for the month. I hurriedly reached for my laptop and scoured the net for a studio and photographer. I found the studio named “Serpentine” on the search engine and I opened its website. Oddly enough, I found out that the owner of the studio is MARIA LAURA MANZANILLA. I immediately called her and asked her how she was, also telling her that I needed to rent her studio for a photo shoot. She gladly took the offer and booked me immediately, also telling me that she would do the shoot herself. Afterwards, I phoned the new clothing line and I spoke to the brand manager and co-designer who was, surprisingly, MELODY DOMINGO. I asked her how she is and talked her into advertising in our magazine since the editorial page for next month would be centered on their new line. She promised to think about it and as we hang up, we agreed to meet for the photo shoot. I also needed a stylist so I called ANA KARLA SANTOS who pursued fashion after graduation and is now a well-known fashion blogger. I also called on the professional help of WINCHELLE ANN TALION, who after getting a scholarship in a cosmetology school in Manila is now a sought-after make-up artist to the stars. Some of her best clients are the K.N.U (Kembot Na Unlimited) Dancers who are managed and choreographed by KIMBERLY SINGKAC.
I, for one, am looking forward to see the team put together a full three-set domination that has been somewhat lacking so far in the tournament compared to the regular season this team had. The scary thing is, for the rest of the teams in the tournament at least, that this team absolutely has not quite played its best so far. If it was able to put together a complete effort for three more matches, there is not a team in the country that will be able to stop them.
Oral and plumage difference in the Bewick’s wren is substantial, but all people have a very long-tail, going in bright and flicked aspect to aspect. Southern numbers have vanished from much of former vary and are in continuous decline; however american numbers are constant or raising and/or broadening. Polytypic. Duration 5.1" (13 cm).
It was like my birthday all over again, opening that care package. And Mom and Dad sent me a lovely card, and Rich had gotten me a beautiful Hadeland vase, and my friends gave me some fun things, so it was, all in all, a very nice, peaceful birthday. Just what I wanted.
Making sense of those questions made me clearly realize who my people are.
My kids are funny. They have grown so much this year and their personalities have become more and more apparent as time has gone by. They say silly things and crack me up. Sometimes I have to turn my head so they can't see the smile I'm trying to hide because I really shouldn't crack a smile at what they've just said.
First, and foremost, the classes do not have visibility qualifiers (private or public). They are introduced as class xyz in the code. Second, classes cannot have forward references to other inner classes. This means that all classes must be placed in dependent order in the inline code. Third, classes cannot contain any static elements in the class, neither data nor methods.
Of course we made Cat in the Hat hats! Also made some dashing red bow ties to look even more like the famous cat! This year we made a much more low-key version of the hats compared to what I've done in the past.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, the moment has arrived to reveal the four award winners in From New York to San Francisco’s first annual year-end awards! I would like to thank everyone who voted, as there was a much larger turnout than I expected. Below are the winners:
James Comer
Of course, there's much more. For instance, Dick Norton, whom I reference in the piece, cites in his book on Amal "one of al-Sadr's close associates, a man who was directly involved in investigating the disappearance, who believes that the imam was murdered as a result of a Syrian-Libyan-Iranian plot. ... According to the former associate, it was the Syrians, and particularly Foreign Minister Khaddam, who urged al-Sadr to accept the Libyan invitation..."
Race is always just below the surface in Barbados.
I don’t see as much French cinema as I should, and yet when I do, I invariably love what I see. There is a pacing and an honesty that I’m in danger of coming to expect. This is a beautiful film, one I’ll remember for Bacri’s heartwarming performance, and for the pacing and writing, and for one of the best examples of an ensemble cast putting flesh on the bones of a set of characters. I finished the film feeling as if I’d actually been spending time with real people.
The mass-scale protest comes after the anti-capitalism movement called for a general strike and urged millions of workers to stay at home today and gather in city centres.
Have a lovely week :)
The following come from the Talmud - so how do these equate with Christianity?
Elysian Brewing Company Avatar Jasmine IPA
Of course, we have been in these waters before. Animee seems to be on permanent discount in Morrisons and Carlsberg’s offerings seem to sink faster than the Titanic. However, Coors see this is a much bigger venture and do become the first big brewer to launch a new 2.8% beer under an existing major brand name. Whether this will be of great commercial advantage, we will have to wait and see.
I couldn't believe the things I found, I found jewelry from highschool, it's so crazy the things I liked, today when I was looking at them I laughed in disgust (at some things).
The tools, logs, reports and more on SparkPeople are great!
The juke box played Irish ballads and Dexy's Midnight Runners while I was there. Timboo's is big. There a roomy pool area in the back, with a sloping roof above it. On one side of the table is a picture and memorabilia collage devoted to Elvis. On the other wall, is an equally big collage of Beatles junk. A old gun is mounted on the wall next to a plaque identifying it as the gun that won the west. There are the remnants of what looks like a kitchen in the back; many of these ancient bars used to serve food.
Whoever, owing allegiance to the United States, levies war against them or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this title but not less than $10,000; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States. So we've capital treason, a lesser strain punishable by fine, imprisonment, and disqualification from public office.
I love these photos of my boys cruisin' around the house in their new car. :) The last one is extra special to me. I was shooting the pictures and realized Dawson was having a little seizure. Knowing he was in a safe place, I watched as his big brother put his arm around him, pulled him close for support, saying "It's ok. I gotcha Daws. I'm here." So glad I have that picture. So glad they have each other.
to open
My lovely wife just pointed out something strange. One of the agents we queried, Kathleen Ortiz, has a blog where she keeps an up-to-date counter of all the queries she's caught up on. We sent out those initial batches of queries on August 24th, and at the time, Kathleen's blog indicated she was caught all the way up to August 22nd. We figured, great, right? That means she'll get to ours quickly.
Ø Video tutorial must be ready to upload to the Scrap That! You Tube account, our NING community, and Design Team blogs by the third Monday of each month.
So my idea of fashion style never made it past the 90's. But my "ideals" of fashion remained. This meant wearing things until they were raggedy and holey and simply could no longer be worn in public without being an embarrassment. Once the clothing reached this stage, it was resigned to the rag pile under the sink.
I’ve had friends return from the San Francisco Street Food Festival describing it in ways that remind me of how people complained about the 626 Night Market. I once went to a food festival at the shoreline amphitheater in Mountain View with two close friends and had similar experiences of vendors running out of food and some vendors not even having any food! And when you actually did get food, which we did after about 40 minutes waiting for barbecue, people around you were so hungry that they would starting crowding around, sticking their face in your plate to get a peek at the real food. Imagine the scene out of “Blindness” when the main character emerged out of the grocery store stock room full of cured meats and all the blind people descended on them with their overcompensating heightened sense of smell.
And always treasure the good things in life. Lumi is doing super at his new home. It was hard to let him go, but he will pass on his incredible gifts to more babies and he is loved. I feel like a parent that had to let her baby go to college. I cried, I cried more when poor Cerberus, his gelding best buddy, didn't know what bucket to eat out of for the next few days, but I have four glorious babies here to enjoy.
c. Looking strictly at comps (that is, comparables: recently sold and for-sale homes in the neighborhood priced per square foot), this home is oddly priced at roughly $145 per square foot, right in line with the top three houses in the neighborhood: all large high-end custom homes in great condition with modern finishes. That outrageous number goes up, surpassing the price of the nicest homes in the neighborhood, if you look at the discrepancy mentioned in line b and base the math on the homes true size, 2400 square feet.
“She was the most moral and ethical person I knew, one without manipulation—a rare quality— and everyone knew it at once. She never took advantage of anyone.
Mr Falwasser said he feared for his life and wrote “Jesus” in his blood on the cell walls to attract attention.
Now for some very specific complaints:
Ribbon: $0.50 (I only buy ribbon when it's less than $1)
Sure, clown fish can’t talk or widen their eyes for comic effect, but they can do cooler things, like switch genders.
x j
Companies who rely on BGAs and IMOs to provide training pass up the opportunity to manage their company’s message in the process. While there are undoubtedly cost savings realized with this strategy, there are hidden costs associated with offloading this important function to an outside organization that should be considered. Less than 60 percent of independent producers think that the product training they are receiving from a BGA or IMO is very good or excellent; in the area of sales training, the percentage drops to about half.
Come on, look at those sparkles. SPARKLES.
You know, slipware has been used to commemorate and celebrate events for a long long time. The techniques, both the sgraffito and the slip trailing don't just lend themselves to it, they positively throw themselves at it. I had been shying away from doing something commemorative for this Diamond Jubilee year but after much persuasion I did.
Saturdays - Ray of Sunshine posted
What’s the big deal I hear you ask? It's only a couple of glasses of wine at night. Where’s the harm?
And is ruined not by bitterness when given a great pain.
Suddenly, the bastards are experts in your life.
I finally arrived at my M's house and parked up. There was only one person in the street and although she looked at me she soon went back to tidying her front garden.
My Pick: MAC studio finish, with 17 coming in a respectable second place
“Do you remember any stories?” asked Mandy as Chris walked from the island to the sliding glass doors of the sunroom. He cupped his hands around his eyes to cut the glare and looked outside.
7.Sasquatch "Rattlesnake Flake" from II
At this stage Zimbabwe's future is totally in the MDC and Morgan Tsvangirai's hands.
If the State is the biggest source of funds in the place and the State is not playing straight at all, a serious question arises – How can we hope to uplift our society?
Sudan, provides that Nigeria will be
Stopping into the visitor’s centre, we were handed a map and brochure, reassured again that it wasn’t too windy up there and told that it would take about 30 minutes or so to do the 1500 metre loop walk.
--No one should curse. Ever.
“I will wipe from the face of the earth the human race I have created—and with them the animals, the birds and the creatures that move along the ground—for I regret that I have made them.”
The films of Hollis Frampton can be boring, fascinating, and hilarious, and somehow all of these at the same time. The artist began his creative career in painting and photography, but in the early 1960s he realized that sequencing and timing were essential to what he was trying to achieve. He couldn’t force a viewer to “go back to photo number 13 and look at it for eight seconds.” Thus a career in avant-garde cinema was born, the scope of which is expertly condensed in a two-disc set from Criterion, A Hollis Frampton Odyssey.
From my other grandma I got money, wich is always very welcome, and it will go straight to my tattoo!
And o’er the limpid wave doth slide;
I could sell a lot!
Most will lament that track just isn’t popular in the United States. That we have too many other “professional” sports to occupy our attention and our time. And I will reply that it didn’t seem to stop the fervor that was held for Team USA and the World Cup!
Key: My mother and I went to Seoul for the purpose of the SM audition.
I think having this busy and exhausting schedule is helping of all us PCTs sleep well, keep our minds off being away from home and focused on getting to know each other better and preparing for our Community Based Training (CBT) that starts next Thursday. I am looking forward to staying with my first host family and having the opportunity to immerse myself more deeply in the culture. Living with a family will be a great way to learn more about the culture and improve my language. This cross-cultural exchange will hopefully be enlightening and beneficial for both me and my host family (especially if this is their first time hosting a PCT) in breaking down stereotypes and building a positive relationship. We find out in the next couple days who our host families are, where exactly we will be living (all we know is that it’s within an hour commute from Fes), and who are smaller CBT group is out of the 40 trainees.
Well it seems something can be done.
Another recent report has shown how Ireland and Northern Ireland benefit significantly from their near complete ban on abortion in a number of ways.
I was very lonely and could never find that confirmation that I was loveable. I just wanted so badly to be loved that I spread myself very thin, leaving nothing to fill myself up.
He is a great big and younger brother.
Sooo here's where the title of the blog comes in. I got a text last night that said:
Their first child was born when he was 20 or 21, I think. As far as I know, even in this economic downturn he is still doing well, trying to provide for his family and grow their nest egg.
to having no reservations.
I used a ultra thin Sharpie to make my tangles.
It’s not working.
The second option is for those of you who prefer a classic, casual look. A cross-body bag is perfect for a casual look as it lacks the fussiness that a clutch or handbag might have. A cross-body bag leaves you hands free, which in my opinion looks casual and laid back. Ballerina flats are an obvious choice when it comes to casual wear. Picking a color (such as red) keeps your outfit from becoming too casual and boring.
Nicholas: step stool
Turn crockpot onto low.
Today, about 100 feet south of the first phone, I found a Samsung T-Mobile flip phone whose owner was obviously Spanish-speaking. I called one of the most frequently called numbers, which turned out to the be owner's wife. The three recent semesters of non-credit Spanish came in useful when we made the exchange at a fast food restaurant close to my office. She and her husband both worked at IHOP. Apparently he had left the phone on the roof of his car when he drove to work.
Now, you can try it, just in time to make something a little green for St. Patrick's Day. Want to try other green recipes from delightsbydaisy? Try my green smoothie or to-die-for lime cupcakes!
Have a dandy weekend, thanks for reading. As always I could use pictures from your hikes, outings, yards, and base-jumping freefalls. ojairambler@gmail.com
6) The historical evidence is not good enough for me.
Angeles County coroner’s office.
Facebook or Twitter
Making things with proper care, this is what he shows both children and adults on the first Saturday of each month at the Farmer’s Market at EPIC in Canberra. With three other chefs he created a school to train cooking and baking apprentices. He has students from the age of 16 to 45 and their best students have also won awards. www.fourchefs.com.au
09. Inherent Youth
As Republican lawmakers begin to dig into the White House’s cozy relationship with a startup wireless company and the wealthy Democratic donor who owns it, a new character has appeared on the story’s edges: liberal superdonor, conservative bete noire and controversial investor George Soros.
Shorts: Imprint
Period 6: No homework.
Note that: most of the time he’s NOT an ass; he does it involuntarily, so don’t fall for the sugarcoated words, the puppy eyes or the crocodile tears.
Got some more, but I have to go sing. Maybe later.
Less profanity?
Let our level of affection be known.
Garnish:confectioners’ sugar
6 Murderer (10:14)
Black (“or spruce”) beer was once more common. In colonial times seafarers had to make beer from whatever ingredients were available such as spruce tips and molasses, and it is one of the foodstuffs Captain Cook used to prevent his crew getting scurvy. The once renowned Brunswick Mumme belongs to the same general category of thick, syrupy beers, and the seafaring connection is surely not a coincidence.
So his students would eat NOTHING but raw vegetables and leafy green salads with a little vinegar for 5 to 7 days.
And -- it seems like they definitely took the Fourth Amendment and just --
I put my arm out. “Wait!” I pause. “OK.” I say. “Knock, knock.”
No street name just a number. No one knew her on this confusing street, with a discombobulated, mishmash feel to it. This new environment was what Mo's dad considered to be “The land of opportunity.” Basically, he got a good deal on an old restaurant that some guy abandoned, leaving behind an old smeared apron hanging from a hook.
I am choosing to shout from the mountains tops the glory of my GOD! I will do it in this moment and pray that I have enough of Him to be strong enough to do it in the next moment.
But none the less, they are cute together. Now I know why my brother and I have such a bond. It's a learned trait folks! They walk everyday; no exceptions. They cook, pray, cry, shop, clean, excersise, read and sit in silence together.
We went to Orlando because my husband was attending a convince. One of the benefits of being a stay-at-home mom is the ability to travel as a family even on work trips. O-town is only an hour and a half drive from my home town so it was a great opportunity for J to get to see her Mimi. And you can't go to O-town without a trip to Disney! This time my mom got to come along with J and I, and we had a wonderful time.
I had a very nice, long lunch with a very good friend today! It was very nice to catching up and closing out the work week! It had been a while since we had taken the time out to go. She just got married, so I am pretty sure her lunch hours have been consumed with wedding planning and preparations!! :):) She actually had a destination wedding and has gorgeous beach pictures!! So loving the destination wedding fad!
If Brody, played by Damian Lewis is not a terrorist or knows more than he says, why watch the show when the payoff will be that all previous episodes were wild goose chases? And if Brody is a terrorist, well, how many episodes can we be strung along?
Awhile back someone else from your neck of the woods was asking me some impertinent questions too. His problems were more dramatic -- boils, poverty, dead family, the whole deal. But my answer to him was similar:
My aim is not to show that operationalist theories such as functionalism are adequate to address the problem of consciousness; I am not “defending” functionalism from the “absent qualia” critique. My view is that intentional predicates must be handled operationally, while phenomenal predicates cannot be – that is, they cannot be to the philosopher’s satisfaction, notwithstanding the fact that all predication, to be intelligible, must adhere to intersubjective operational criteria. Functional descriptions abstract away from hardware: they include no physical descriptions. In the same way they abstract away from consciousness: they include no phenomenal descriptions. Of course this is true because there is no such thing as “phenomenal description” if by that one means reference to “private” experience. But a further point is that there is no reason to think that phenomenal experience is multiply realizable (supervenient), while intentional states are self-evidently so.
Well, let me just tell you that after that brief moment of slacking (okay, so maybe it was momentS) there hasn't been one doubt in my mind. Material possessions have far too strong of a hold on this ol' world, and I don't want to be hanging on to anything like that. I'll hang on to Jesus. The Author and Finisher of my faith.
I know, right? Mind just blown? It’s a common response to such mind-bending and earth-shattering news.
My plan is to discover if I can upload my wip onto my Kindle. Accompanied with a notebook I am just going to read, keeping short notes like ‘grammar on p135′ or ‘does Ama always have …’ or ‘add a gun on the mantle’ etc. I need to get through it asap to get a good sense of the flow, not easy when DS has short sleeps and is always on my mind.
downward where a willow meets pine.
My father pulled his Studebaker to a stop in front of the old hotel. Next to all the newer cars it looked old, beaten. “You know back in the 30s, the sex goddess of her day, Jean Harlow died suddenly when she was still in her twenties. Kidney failure or something. She was the original platinum blonde. More than anything else, Violet wanted to be Jean Harlow—Jean was the star in “Public Enemy.” The one Jimmy Cagney dumped her for.
I recently had a very long conversation with Ian, that started about one thing, and then suddenly and unexpectedly turned into a discussion about me. I don’t know how he does these things. Anyway, I described to him my feelings of general self-loathing, and we scratched around trying to find a source. Then he shocked me with a very basic question:
I think I will call her Maggie. I just love this stamp from Paperdoll pARTs called Bird & Bee. I colored her dress with colored pencils and used a bit of Gamasol for blending. Of course she needed a crown so I used a brad that I cut the shanks off of and then just glued it on. I used a new embossing folder from Darice and then used the Spellbinders Label 4 to create my window frame. I just love the look and depth the frame creates- it is one of my new favorite techniques. The flourish is a die from Memory Box called Elegant Scrollwork. The leaves, flower and sprig of pearls can be found in most bridal sections. You can see a better view below and as always you can click on any of the pictures for a enlarged view.
Despite publicly claiming good results with electroshock treatment, privately Bender said she was seriously disappointed in the aftereffects and results shown by the subject children. Indeed, the condition of some of the children appeared to have only worsened. One six-year-old boy, after being shocked several times, went from being a shy, withdrawn child to acting increasingly aggressive and violent. Another child, a seven-year-old girl, following five electroshock sessions had become nearly catatonic.
-2.00 Walgreens Coupon Book Coupon (1.00 off of each)
If you think the only way to capture Kony and his lieutenants is by deploying United States Special Operations forces, congratulations! You’re Kenneth Roth, the Executive Director of Human Rights Watch!
I've been in the bedroom cleaning and organizing. My husband and I share a closet and it's just not big enough for the both of us. I have to admit, I really miss having the entire thing to myself. I didn't know how wonderful that was until we separated for 7 months. I finally moved my dresses, skirts and scarves to a different closet. He just has so much tactical crap that he only wears when serving search warrants which isn't too often...but I like to keep all his cop stuff together so I threw in the towel and moved some of mine instead.
C tells me she attended a NACDA political education meeting today. A spokesperson from the Ministry of National Mobilisation was grilled by the co-op workers. The questions they ask demonstrates their clear grasp of the issues:
June 18th: Whipped to drive out co2. Re Rack add oak chips for flavor.
Cauterize: Heating a metal object and applying it to a wound will cause 1d4 hit points of damage, but will prevent the wound from becoming infected.
That’s the weakness with 1998′s Still Crazy: the music is bland and sh*te. Stephen Rea, Billy Connolly, Bill Nighy, Timothy Spall, Jimmy Nail and Juliet Aubrey are excellent in it, but without an actually rocking soundtrack, the film could be about anything, really.
Comments I have heard from the evangelical crowd range from "that Muslim might cast a spell on me" to "their devotion to their faith is like, totally amazing, look at the mosques they build." Both show complete ignorance.
No mommy asking C.A.P if he needs to use the potty.
Sunday, October 17, 5pm - 10pm
1/2 onion sliced into thin half moons
They think they know everything. That’s the problem with young people today.
Dont forget to rate, comment, and enjoy!
The label was formed in 1965 in DC by Eddie Singleton and Raynoma Gordy, the head of Motown's ex wife and was in existence for only two years and released tracks by the likes of Ray Pollard, The Epsilons and Bobby Reed.
We all make a million plans that never turn out the way we expect, we dream of what life will be like and then sometimes sit in speechless shock when it doesn’t work out that way.
HOLLYWOOD – The two winningest coaches in college football history – Joe Paterno of Penn State and Florida State’s Bobby Bowden – are now set to star in what might be next year’s winningest movie: Uwe Boll’s adaptation of the best selling video game franchise Half-Life.
Ms. Lockwood was the first woman to receive a Juris Doctor (law) degree from the University of Arizona College of Law, in 1925. According to the Arizona Women's Hall of Fame, she was the only woman in her class of 13, and was elected president of the Student Bar Association.
I will rise on eagles’ wings
The New York Times: An Unworthy Adversary If Ever There Were One, Since 1958.
Catch Me If You Can (2002)
Like the heavens opened up and shined right down on him.
The Steps
Euro-American Parents’ Participation in Their Young Children’s Daily Activities.” Social Behavior and Personality 36.2 (2008): 163-76. Print.
Since taking the oath of office in January 2009, President Barack Obama’s popularity and approval has steadily declined. As of August 4, he has 900 more days to go in his first and, likely, his last term in office.
And if there are other bloggers who feel the same about theirs maybe it’s time we had Blog Protection Laws - what constitutes blog abuse ? Can you bully a blog ?
- A talk that is only somewhat related to what you thought it would be based on the title and/or abstract; or
This post's outfit is actually inspired by Shrek the Third's hippie high school teacher Merlin, even though the image on it features Harry Potter, and worn to go see the movie with friends.
I didn’t have all the right chocolate for this but it was still absolutely gorgeous. I used 100g of dark chocolate, 100g of milk choccy chips, 100g of white choccy chips and some cocoa powder (not too much though I was scared it would make the mixture dry).
So, what are you waiting on?
Check my regulation braids for any stray wisps as I walk to open the main doors,
Check out the pictures below to see how simple and easy the PhoneFetcher really is!
…never.
Several years ago, Country Boy and I went there for our anniversary and it was delish! It was just as good last Saturday!
UPC Code: 043396392250
Iron Man 2
Beside remote Shalott.
Here's my issue with O's speech.
Sometimes I am just tired of talking about this incest stuff. I do a lot of reading and I like writing and sharing my feeling here, but I am just tired of TALKING about it. Because talking leads to these questions in my head:
Happy reading! And don’t forget to subscribe to the blog, as more on these books is forthcoming, including book giveaways for our readers.
-finesse my closet into a chic nook
I hope, you have a great week and I just wish us all good luck and the ability to persevere!!!
How black the tarred road. And how cheerful the leaves dancing across its surface. I remember being struck by the terrible beauty of a winter world that day. Shivering branches. Selfish sun.
# It will reach a new audience, the biggest market being libraries, so I'm super happy about that (I love libraries, can you tell?)
So, when, I found a poem of hers -- Dream Five -- in my email box the other day like a small gift, I did what I always do: I coveted it.
There are many reasons for some sock disappearances. Some are easily explained.
Do you love taking photos? Go to the perfect place, wait for the perfect moment, or aim for a good angle? Are you anal and take a lot and pick out the good ones to share with friends, family, and the blog community? If you do anyone of these and more than you know how much time and energy it takes to make a good photo.
Here drinks are priced relative to the demand of the customers on a given night (hence the name La Bolsa – stock exchange). If Corona is in high demand, you are going to have to pay more than usual. But, if Corona is not a popular drink you can get it for a low price (ok, not THAT low).
Jayne mentioned calling her lawyer, severing all ties with vigilance in a legally-binding way. I like the vision of marshals serving papers on a shirtless, barefoot vigilance at 3:30 some morning. As my son would say, "ooooh, snap."
Potatos
The Jewish People: Winners
The world has been made so fragile and vulnerable. The role of the United Nations is increasingly vital. I wish you the best of luck in your noble mission. Please accept, Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, the assurances of my highest consideration.
21. Ant Attack
They may not mean to, but they do.
The Innocence Mission
Enter, the lemon cake, a cake delicious enough to line the store window of a good bakery, simple enough to make quickly at home, and refreshing enough to enjoy on even the hottest days.
before you died?
with the 'eternal child' Peter Pan to the spiritual and
I like to think of somebody in need snuggling up in one of our coats on this bitterly cold day. It gives me a good warm feeling.
5 public
The music man appears on stage
My trainer is always going on about the scale and its evils. I thought it might be worth talking about a little today because my last two weeks are a great example of why the scale can be evil.
Four years later, in 1994, the Clinton administration dropped Kiedis as a spokesman for a campaign to promote condom use produced by the Centers for Disease Control, according to the New York Times.
recognizing that terrorists are willing to manipulate societal norms to evade detection, TSA has been actively assessing less invasive screening methods for low-risk populations, such as younger passengers, while still maintaining a high level of security.
We officially have a roller! Elaine has been able to roll back to tummy for awhile now, but these last few days she has started really rolling both ways. Back to tummy and tummy to back!
I am about to abseil, towards the bottom of a bridge. The bottom is where my ED thoughts are easier to deal with and I behave more “normally” around food. To begin to abseil I step on the ledge, turn around, and stop. I can’t put my foot over the ledge. I know there is rope holding me, but I don’t trust it. What is the rope?
I don’t know if you followed all that, and it’s not important, but basically, how fun is life?
My camera is charged and ready to grab some fab pics of all the new releases........including October Afternoon, Stampers Anon, Ranger, Graphic 45 etc. etc. etc......not to mention the Blog Candy I intend to blag along the way !! So, keep your eyes peeled and get ready to grab some of the CHA Blog Candy goodies which will be appearing over the next few days :)
Would answer me all unsaid.
Oh the lane is there,
Hmmm ... as I am very controlled person, I very rarely get embarrassed about anything. Nor do I end up in awkward moments. However, there was once that I went to the ladies' room in the office and when coming out, my very sweet co-worker U immediately pulled me aside and whispered that my skirt had accidentally got caught up into the back of my pantyhoses. Voilà! there they were, my granny knickers to behold for anyone coming up behind me. Gosh, that's one of those moments but I really didn't want to scrap my knickers tee hee ...
Stupidly --
Hat fucking huge hat tip to flyingwarpigs for this story of the day. As well as the fine cuntstoppers pic. calling this inbred, bovine faced harpie a cunt.BBC Pravda reports....Anthony Weaver, from Holborn in London, has applied for a summons before a district judge in Jacqui Smith's constituency in Redditch, Worcestershire.
were super fun to work with.
http://6.cn/watch/12842968.html">"Calling" - way too stereotypical and poppy a tune, so hard to put on this blog. But I remember getting a better impression of Flow elsewhere, so they may go up on here another time.
1 Kings 21:19
Once you submit the registration form, we will send an email to the email address with which you registered. Simply log into your email account and click on the activation button contained within the welcome email. It is that simple!!!
This album to me brings up a lot of memories from high school as we used to listen it quite a lot. Despite my fond memories this album isn't exactly widely known but it can be considered a classic. It came out in 1997 from a little band from Sweden.
Rampant materialism and the emergence of organized psychopaths and sociopaths, who flourish in this environment, are oppressing and abusing humanity, until it reaches its breaking point. The cultures of the world are being soaked in a belladonna/nightshade nightmare. Ugly things from the depth of the cosmic ooze, are surfacing like creatures from a Lovecraft novel. Those on the cutting edge of exposing these energies, conspiracies and environments, are being pounded by both visible and invisible means. It’s a hard road for those on the forefront but there is no other road that is acceptable.
it's really not easy. Those little girls with idyllic dreams, if they were told
I've previously talked about coordinating your accessories to your hair color as a way to bring unity to what you are wearing.
“Obviously.”
conjuring cellulite with my feet up.
To participate in this tour please send:
And I’m having fun at last. I’m really having fun, even on the bad days when the memories of the past haunt me.
Paintings filled with foxy women
On the other side of the kitchen (the side you see when you walk into the room) we have two hanging wire baskets for miscellaneous items like coupons, magazines, baby monitor, bug repellent, chalk, etc.
Hot flashes are for the birds. I have gone off the making-her-sane medicine so I can get a better grip on pancreatitis, but I am not sure everyone in the house is happy about it. During the nights--covers off, covers on, covers off, covers on, don't touch me, why don't you every cuddle anymore, don't touch me, why don't you ever cuddle anymore... During the days--set the air conditioning to 50, turn off the air, turn the air back to 50, turn off the air... The good part is I haven't had another pancreatitis attack. The bad part is...well re-read the above paragraph.
Raaheeji was an old traveller who spent his days dreaming of his old adventures. He longed to have one last adventure. He sneaks away from his wife and comfortable home. On his journey he encounters a tiger trapped in a cage. The tiger pleads for him to set him free and promises not to eat Raaheeji. Nervously, Raaheeji releases the tiger. Big mistake! The tiger is hungry and decides he will not eat Raaheeji if he could find three strangers and ask what he should do. Raaheeji asks an old Banyan tree, a mighty buffalo, and the old road. They all agree he should suffer his fate for being such an old fool to let a tiger out of a cage. On his way back to the tiger, Raaheeji is followed by an inquisitive Jackal. Together they trick the hungry tiger back into the cage.
1 sprig fresh thyme
until well coated. Spread in pan. Sprinkle with seasoning salt
The concerns about Gary Mackinnon not getting a fair trial from these bams is just paranoia. Just because they come across as an nation of immature, gung-ho, rambo wannabes who simply can't handle getting a reddie from what they see as an inferior species shouldn't stop us extraditing a guy, who broke no laws in this country, over there to be made an example of.
their weight pressing small silvered discs into blue velvet.
I don’t really know as much as a “maniac” would~! I just have interest in it. If I were to give you a tip, it’d be to drink lots of water. Lately, I’ve been drinking 2 bottles with 2L of water in it.
None of which is to say that distributed formations can’t be devious. Certainly the self-surveillance of ‘if you see something say something’, training all New Yorkers in the subway to be perpetually paranoid of each other, is a paranoid yet distributed formation. And yet, its distributed from the center down, it’s not distributed enough. Truly distributed systems, like what we see with the human mic, require consensus to work, are messy, have multiple versions of things that disagree about the details, and have a rotating speaker. Deviously distributed systems are simply not distributed enough.
As a result, I’ve been thinking about motivation, which increasingly strikes me as the most important variable in developing intercutural understanding. While groups involved in violent conflict or even just verbal conflict may grow tired of conflict, they are more likely to be motivated to avoid the other group than to engage them, even though engagement may ultimately be more productive in ending the conflict.
So in return for a little kindness, I thought it would be nice to offer a little kindness. If you would like to be considered for future uber surprise RAKs, please email me with your address and blog. I will put all details in a little RAK address book which was an RAK itself, sent to me when I was doing chemo...so how appropriate hey?..oh and put a comment on here that you have done so. I know what I am like. I am a bugger for safe places and tidying up which usually means things are lost or deleted. That way I can come back to this post and contact you if I need to.
If you recall, at a previous Knitting and Stitching show, I got a bit carried away with the Jelly Rolls in my efforts to build up a stash of scraps for the Tokyo Subway Quilt. Since that flurry of impulsiveness I have sobered up to the realisation that Jelly Rolls are somewhat challenging to work with. For a beginner-quilter, with no fabric stash, there is a limited number of patterns that can be worked from a single jellyroll. You are further limited by the selection of fabrics and colour choices included in the roll – not all of which are the same quality, it turns out. It doesn’t help if you’ve cannibalised a few jellyrolls for another project and decide to cobble the remainders into a project. As I have done!
A: Kind of! You can use a similar process for other types of beans (except for lentils), but they take different amounts of time and go better with other flavors. Red beans take about 1 and 1/2 hours, and go great with just garlic and onions and a tons of spices (served with coconut rice, yum!) Adzuki beans take less time, chickpeas take more. But once you've experimented with dried beans you will find that the process doesn't vary much and there is a big reward to cooking them this way- namely, the taste.
bum heart of yours into a home.
Availability in the UK:
When someone clicks a link that doesn't exist, sometimes they get an offer to buy that website. That's always irritating. Or sometimes they get a default page. It's called a 404 error page. They can be customized, but most sites don't know or don't bother.
In those dark hours of almost-sleep
We can’t forget about kids this Chinese New Year. Yes, the adults will have fun mingling, eating, and drinking. But kids need to have fun too. They can join the adults at the table and go to the Chinese New Year parade, but activities planned just for them doesn’t hurt either. Here are some fun ideas to help make this Chinese New Year memorable.
Shrimp w/broccoli & carrots in foil packets
On that note, a quotation Julie shared with me after praising the infinitely healing powers of meditation. It went something like, “If you can imagine it, you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it.”
With songs about drinking like "Leave Me Alone To My Bottle", "All Liquored Up", and "True Drunk Love", plus their surprise hit "Let's Go Smoke Some Pot", it it's terribly hard to stay sober during their shows. I've never had a bad time at a Dash show and I've probably seen them 15 times. I don't think you could either.
We went to the cabin this weekend and had a most wonderful time. It was quiet and peaceful and I want to go back. In fact, I proposed the idea to The Hubby yesterday that I wanted to take a vacation, soon, like this month, before the granddaughter makes her appearance. He was intrigued and asked me where. I told him I wanted to go to the cabin, he and I, for an entire week, no going back to Tulsa. I wanted to go before it got stifling from the Oklahoma summer and while the fish are biting for him. We HAVE a vacation home we only use for weekends and I think we need to use it for a vacation. We have no plans for any travel in the foreseeable future, why not. He needs a rest, I need a rest from town. He is on board and kind of excited for the opportunity. The stars are aligning for us to do this sometime in the next three weeks. I can't wait to make it happen!!!! We may not get another chance like this for awhile before we start more construction on the house (yes, I wrote that) and before our world changes with the grandbaby.
You forget where I been, what I’ve done
A sew snaps from the hotel room in copenhagen. I needed this little break, now back to my london routine.. fashion week photos.. and back to uni..
There’s no room for shame in this film. When Lorelei visits her imprisoned lover in his cell, Ingram backs them with black and bathes them in a narrow spotlight as Marion clutches her to his breast, looking upward to (the roof of his cell?) with the idiocy shared by all romantic leads. The only reason Marion’s in jail is because Rance broke out, and Marion helped hide him. We know these details because we already saw Isobel, dressed in gleaming white, force gold coins into the hand of the jailer, Pietro, dressed in grimy rags opposite her. Pietro froze for a moment, unsure of the risk, but then Ingram showed us his grimy infant son, and we knew what the father would do.
On Monday I will be returning to work, but hopefully this time it won't be so hellish. I'll be working in the high-powered, glamorous world of medical billing and insurance. I suspect it's going to be so boring I will find myself fantasizing about algorithms most afternoons, but it's a good company to work for and Mon through Fri hours sure beats 60 plus hours in restaurant management.
Studies in popular music are primarily cultural studies and to alarge extent they grew out of the cultural criticism of American rock criticism of the late sixties and seventies, critics like Landau,Christgau, Willis, and Marcus, (Frith, 1981: 278). The leading rock sociologist of Europe, Simon Frith originally shaped his approach while staying in Berkeley California 1967-69 (Frith, 1981: 3-4), and the first major history of rock written in Britain (Gillett, 1970) started as a M.A. thesis in USA and did not leave the American context before p. 249. These authors adapted some basic axioms of the American critics, who for years had tried to legitimise rock as a form of culture and art and at the same time as rebellion against high art. Most of these critics had been just as hampered by American ethnocentrism as any other American scholar. Marcus addressed this most directly by legitimising rock through its deep roots in American culture and identity. This was e.g. repeated by Simon Frith, stating so late as 1981 that ‘rock is an American music’ (Frith, 1981: 11) and by Lawrence Grossberg stating in 1992 that ‘... rock is ‘about’ growing up in the U.S. (at least that is the only context I am talking about)...’ (Grossberg, 1992: 201)
Stamped on Cryogen White by Cut Card Stock, Paper is Eloise by K&Company, Pigment liner pen, pearls by Stampin-up, Pearl Brads from Whiff of Joy, Martha Stewart Punch, Flowers by Prima, Beaded Oval from Spellbinders, Beads and lace from my stash
Managed house like for like sales down 1.3%
The heads are Sugar Babies candies, the beaks are colored mini chips, and the wattles are little candy hearts. The cake decorating supply store was out of tiny candy eyes, so I had to improvise – these are little white candy confetti circles that I used a black edible marker on. I think they came out cute, if a little deranged-looking!
My chicks are getting big. The books warned they'd go through this ugly phase after their cute chick phase, but I think they're still pretty cute. It's been really neat to watch them grow. They're getting more friendly too.
I got working on them right away
I think I responded with something like "Feuop eaugh."
I knew y 'all would understand:)
published: June 6th 2011
The footage again seems to differ from the comic book source material, most likely due to the cost that would have been involved to bring the alien races from the comic t0 the screen. It appears to have been produced as a pilot episode for a tv series, and a temp score track using music from movies indicates that it never got past the testing stages. It’s surprising that further attempts haven’t been made to adapt Power Pack to a movie series for kids, especially since Disney’s recent purchase of Marvel Studios, it seems like the kind of project perfect for Disney, and will perhaps happen some time down the line.
June 2 Columbia, MD
Then we have the most important associations. These are known as Causative relationships. One must happen for the other to occur. The relationship between people suffering Pulmonary Mesothelioma and people who inhaled Asbestos 20-40 years ago is 100%. There is no chance that someone suffering this disease did not inhale Asbestos.
When the rules would frustrate me, I would lash out. I was mean and loud and abusive. Because I hated myself so much, I would feel guilty as soon as the words got out of my mouth. I would then spend the next however long trying to make up for my behaviour. This became the pattern of our lives. The stress would build and build. I would explode. I would feel like an even bigger pile of dung, and try to make up for it. I would do good things. Life would get better. Then I would lose it again.
It is a horrible feeling to get rejected from insurance companies and to not know how you will pay your medical bills. I only went through it for a few weeks, so I feel for people who have to deal with it in their day-to-day life.
And I know why. It's the same reason I always struggle with writing for classes. It becomes too personal. The thoughts that I keep bottled up inside me. That I never want to see the light of day. Are the only ones I seem to write about in class situations. Because if I'm going to write. It has to mean something to me. And the things that mean something to me. Are the things I don't like to talk about.
Erase all hints of the myriad loves, hopes, fears that play through the kaleidoscope of every infinite heart
3.) Add chicken and bay leaf and sautee/poach until chicken is no longer pink
Given a choice, why not go for the beautiful AND practical? After all, we were created to enjoy beauty so that it would remind us of the beauty of our Lord and that we would not forget all beauty emanates from Him.
﻿This month started out with her neurosurgeon. We had an ultrasound done on her head to monitor the VP-shunt. Great news!!! It looks great. No revision needed.
We have had different types of travel trailers for the past several years that we took camping and had fun in. Nate loves the outdoors so we like to spend as much time as we can being in it. We decided that we wanted to do more than camping so we traded in for an RV so that we could travel to see family and visit historical places and see more of the United States. Having a house on wheels is pure awesomeness and I can't imagine traveling any other way now. Nate loves to drive the RV. I really don't have to drive that much of the time unless he needs a little power nap and then he is good to go truckin on down the road again. If the podiatry thing hadn't of worked out I'm pretty sure he would have ended up a truck driver or a heavy machine operator. So the final year of his 30's have been blissful ones on the road behind the wheel of the RV.
I had a day, yesterday. I could easily have use any of these alternative titles: I Wonder Why the Kodak and Bob the Wonder Computer Aren't On Speaking Terms; Mommy, Why Is There Black Tar Heroin On the Oven Floor?; and Me, a Kitty, and the Burrowing Alien Critter of Doom.
For three years Jesus Christ tried to get His followers, the twelve disciples to obey Him. Disciple means a follower but the root of the word has to do with discipline. A disciplined person will always do that which the Master commands. How many times during those three years did the Lord have to reprimand these men for their disobedience?
While I'm in the midst of making the cards, I get lots of pushback about why I do it, especially since some people have moved to emailed cards or picture cards where you upload a picture and your addresses and a company mails them for you. My response is the same: I enjoy doing it. I enjoy the process of trying to find the necessary supplies. I enjoy the challenge of getting them all done. I enjoy the reward of completing a project. I enjoy watching movies or old tv shows while putting on the postage. I enjoy knowing that every card sent out means someone gets a little piece of my joy.
Cain’s legacy is rebellion, heartache, and judgment. Abel’s is righteousness, justice, and saving faith. His life proclaims the central message of redemption: righteousness is by faith alone.
i spraypainted the tops of my "flour, sugar, coffee and tea" canisters a pretty grey, and i think they add a touch of charm to the kitchen.
I can see it now. I picture Aurora Newgard spiking the ball to give FSU it’s 13th team national championship. You have to praise FSU’s athletic department for the way they began the program. They were the first university to hire a sand volleyball coach and the first to offer a sand volleyball scholarship. With this investment, FSU is set up to be collegiate sand volleyball power for many years to come. On Friday, they begin their quest win the inaugural AVCA Sand Volleyball Championship.
Uncertainty about what you must be is self-deception on a scale so vast, its magnitude can hardly be conceived. To be alive and not to know yourself is to believe that you are really dead. For what is life except to be yourself, and what but you can be alive instead? Who is the doubter? What is it he doubts? Whom does he question? Who can answer him?
Winner selected and emailed:
of our forever
Monday: CHINESE WEDDING!! My old roommate from CET invited me to her cousin’s wedding. It was on the mid-autumn festival day, so everybody was off from school and work. It seems that most people don’t do anything to special for the holiday besides eat mooncakes. I WANT to like mooncakes and I TRY to like mooncakes, but its difficult when they are so gross. Anyways, the wedding was fabulous. It was everything I would hope for from a Chinese wedding. It was like a cross between a traditional American wedding and an asian game show. In all the best ways. For example instead of a priest/minister/deacon/rabbi etc., they had an MC announcer dude who sounded like he was hosting a game (especially since most of what was said was lost on my poor stupid ears). And instead of being walked down the aisle to churchy music, they turn the lights off and everybody starts clapping and they start playing super fun silly music and then the bride and groom come bursting through the door and are followed by a spotlight as they go running down the runway while children throw flower petals at them. 很好玩 ^_^
I will dwell in the house of the LORDf
LifeFrames
spiritual and emotional needs, which requires giving.Consequently, showing ignores the
Presented by the Society of Children’s Book Writers & Illustrators the Golden Kite Awards, given annually to recognize excellence in children’s literature, grant cash prizes of $2,500 to author and illustrator winners in four categories: Fiction, Nonfiction, Picture Book Text, and Picture Book Illustration. Authors and illustrators will also receive an expense-paid trip to Los Angeles to attend the award ceremony at the Golden Kite Luncheon at SCBWI’s Summer Conference in August and a lifetime membership in SCBWI.
Vitamin A: 0% Calcium: 7%
And now, all you guys will be excited too. ;L
SPECTACLE MACABRE
“Big Wave” – San Sebastián, Spain – Oier Aso – Featured Photographer
All praise to the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. He is the source of every mercy and the God who comforts us. He comforts us in all our troubles so that we can comfort others. When others are troubled, we will be able to give them the same comfort God has given us. You can be sure that the more we suffer for Christ, the more God will shower us with his comfort through Christ. 2 Corinthians 1:3-5 NL
Much inspired me this week. I´m sure you can even find some literary references here if you want to ;)
Many of the jobs right now are in the areas of environmental health and safety and waste management, says Kevin. A person in waste management would, for instance, monitor the waste and air emissions from landfills. They might also develop various ways of capturing the gas and using it for energy. They could also set up recycling facilities and create programs to deal with waste in an environmental way.
The Odds by Steward O’Nan
In sunshine and in shadow,
A great podcast for getting to know what the new releases are like and about. It is worth watching if you are thinking of going to see a film at the cinema. It is also good for me because, it is filmed in New York, which means I know all about the new releases before my friends have even seen the TV adverts!
Overall I think Catrice did quite a good job on the new make-up collection.
Before the drugs arrived, the parents and grandparents of these church leaders had no problem discerning the need for a Jewish state. They were clearly able to see the valor of the remnant left after Hitler’s orgy and the world’s indifference, the remnant that made it to Israel and built a flourishing civilization out of desert and sand fleas. As waves of envious Arabs swept in to drive the Judenschwein into the sea, American aid and American good will cheered on the amazing efforts of the Israelis to stand fast in the face of such personally directed evil. After all, they were used to it. “Never again,” they said — and at the time they meant it.
As of May 2012, The Shabby Nest has:
I was laying out a large piece, today and the fiber was just getting all fly-away and disturbed. Well, it's pretty cool and rainy so I'm wearing long sleeves, so I thought," What harm can putting the loose ends up my sleeve to keep it away from the table?"
And did you catch Amy Brenneman’s live tweet during tonight’s episode? She misses her friendship with Coop too!
Savard: Every dollar of it. And why not, the man’s entitled to it.
“Last autumn I was at work one morning at home, when a card came up – the card of a stranger. Under the name was printed a line which showed that this visitor was Professor of Theological Engineering in Wellington University, New Zealand. I was troubled – troubled, I mean, by the shortness of the notice. College etiquette required that he be at once invited to dinner by some member of the Faculty – invited to dine on that day – not, put off till a subsequent day. I did not quite know what to do. College etiquette requires, in the case of a foreign guest, that the dinner-talk shall begin with complimentary references to his country, its great men, its services to civilization, its seats of learning, and things like that; and of course the host is responsible, and must either begin this talk himself or see that it is done by some one else. I was in great difficulty; and the more I searched my memory, the more my trouble grew. I found that I knew nothing about New Zealand. I thought I knew where it was, and that was all. I had an impression that it was close to Australia, or Asia, or somewhere, and that one went over to it on a bridge. This might turn out to be incorrect; and even if correct, it would not furnish matter enough for the purpose at the dinner, and I should expose my College to shame before my guest; he would see that I, a member of the Faculty of the first University in America, was wholly ignorant of his country, and he would go away and tell this, and laugh at it. The thought of it made my face burn.
It's been a long day. I had nightmares all night last night and didn't sleep well. But then things were looking up. The day started out great--getting to meet Melanie and Kelsey!!! But after posting the pictures, trying to post the video multiple times (to no avail--the Internet is moving veeeerrryyyy sloooooowly)...the day just got...blah. Depressing.
Well, yesterday was the first *real* celebration in the new house ~ meaning 'official holiday', and I enjoyed every minute of it. Awesome burgers/dogs, awesome salads courtesy of my mom, awesome desserts, awesome family. Eaten with awesome love and laughter around my newstained table. :)
They allegedly used a plastic bag to suffocate several men at the Harburg police station's holding cells last month, while searching for cigarettes the prisoners had apparently managed to smuggle in after an earlier court appearance, spokesperson Moses Dlamini said.
Except a 20 year study now proves that wrong. For occasional users, anyway. For heavy users — sometimes there are still problems. It’s possible to overdo anything.
It was a little like doing a puzzle. Hard at times, frustrating at times, but definitely not impossible. Why have I believed all these years that I can’t do it? True, there have been extenuating circumstances in some years when I know it was wise to have a professional do it for me. But most years, like this year, my tax situation is pretty simple. Taking on this challenge was good not just for my wallet, but also for my confidence. It was empowering.
In those days these restrictions were strictly followed. Even recently, that is almost until a decade ago, one of my relatives, an elderly couple used to follow these food restrictions and follow the fasting procedure. My grandparents follow this Saaka Vratha restriction on the day when they observe my great grand mother's ceremony even today. That is how I came to know about vratha. Mom still remembers the menu that used to be prepared and she explained to me when I was looking for a different type of thali menu for this blogging marathon.
Turmeric
Most outrageous is the hay Bennett is trying to make over Zimmerman's apparent registration as a Democrat. So what? Are the predominantly liberal advocates for justice in this case supposed to say "whoops, he's one of us -- I guess it was all a;right?" Just how cynical is Bennett anyway? Could there be a starker example of how Republicans view racial issues in America -- literally, they can't fathom why Democrats would care about a potentially race-motivated homicide if they can't find an immediate political advantage? What message would it send if Democrats stopped caring? Martin's slaying isn't outrageous because "ewww, only a Republican could be so racist." It's outrageous because a young, almost certainly innocent Black man was killed for seemingly no other reason than that his Blackness rendered him suspicious. And admittedly, the GOP's sudden "soft on crime" conversion when it looks like the crime has a racial element isn't helping them amongst the Black community, I suspect. But Zimmerman's own political identification is irrelevant.
Dan Allen was partly responsible for our equalising goal. He replaced Dan Jackson at half-time, after the latter's strength had been sapped by the hot afternoon sun. This led Dyke to question if the nineteen year old had spent the previous evening out drinking. Eighty-eight minutes of the game had passed when Allen found himself with the ball on the edge of the penalty area, looking to create space for shot on goal. His attempt was only partially blocked by Netley's centre-back, and Sam Schwodler, who seconds earlier was cursing his luck at Dan's decision to shoot rather than pass, pounced onto the loose ball to score. It was vindication for Schwodler, who left the field during the first-half clutching his ear in pain after getting clattered. A rather drawn out verbal rally of fuck-off had followed between Schwodler and one or two of the opposition, who doubted the severity of his injury.
Your number this month - 8
- The mark of a moderate man
Some amazing cloud formations recorded, here.
The Department is currently seeking comment on these proposals.
“You have it. At least I think you do.”
All her belongings were covered in soot (the apartment was black) and smelled like smoke.
* Grand mothers with hidden flasks of vodka- 1,312
Over the weekend we were in a small blizzard on the way back from the mountains. I took a picture of the Adult Cabaret, what does a cow have to do with a cabaret? Very classy none the less. While up in the mountains we went to the lake which was really low on lake and high on algae. I thought it had some merit. Also took Banjo to the vet up there and got the little Chinese Crested before she went to her forever home that day. She looked like such a little diva with the hair over one eye.
Taylor’s mouth fell open. “You got some big ones, buddy! That old lady’s the biggest hard-case that ever rolled through Pangea Bay High. She scares the crap out of everybody. Even me!” He turned into the parking lot of Crazy Dog, a fast food place where a lot of kids hung out on Friday afternoons. “What’d she say to get you so riled up? Was it the baseball thing?”
Generalized
So good luck to you all...I look forward to hearing your memory or memories!
Roster and depth chart
2. In December 1979 Xerox PARC in Palo Alto was the place of Jobs’s Damascene conversion to the graphical user interface and the mouse. Note (a) he was again making use of other people’s original work, (b) he saw a chance to design a machine around the way he thought people really do work, feel and think, and (c) Xerox deliberately placed their research group 3000 miles away from their headquarters in Rochester NY to ‘allow’ it creative freedom. This begs the question of how much Xerox really wanted to do anything with their intellectual property.
Back in 2011, when Kiewii and the rest of the TBS crew were in Oban, the sun was out for nearly the whole day. Sweltering temperatures also accompanied the trip.
48) quick call 9-11, ther’s about to be a crime committed (hug and run) hug and run, hug and run! +
Through course work and field visits students studying food technology, rural development, and the consumption of typical foods will be exposed to a wide range of academic and practical approaches to the life of microbes in our traditional foods, and how our societies perceive them. The presence of students from all corners of Europe favors an exchange of points of view, a revision of dusty stereotypes, and an examination of a challenging and sometimes polemical issue with new eyes, giving awareness that should serve them well on the job market.
Given that this document is not academic in nature, we have not felt the need to include all the sources for the facts and figures herein. The more important or contentious the claim in question, the more likely it will be to have a source. More general information may be unsourced. Those who are sceptical about any of our claims are invited to do their own research and make up their own minds. Either way, we are confident that the factual claims made in this document are accurate.
Over the several months, I'm going to share ideas that inspire me and just might work for you, too. They'll be presented one bite at a time, just quick posts every Saturday. But I'd love for readers and other bloggers alike to join me in building a list that inspires and encourages each and every one of us.
All this was admirably conveyed with movement, sound, and light; undercut when the dancers occasionally contorted their faces into screaming masks of pain – then the piece became too literal minded and lost some of its power. In an all male pas de quatre, the dancers effectively segued from classical form to the rigorous movement-vocabularly of Pite. Two pas des deux, one all female, offered the only moments of real human contact, but true to Pite’s vision, they were moments of shared pain, devoid of warmth or eroticism. In another potent sequence, the dancers, their arms connected, formed an anguished parade, marching without volition into an indifferent world.
One of the most important single things to understand in the context of the brewing conflict between Europeans and Muslims is that Islamic terrorists either do not operate under moral constraints, or operate under constraints so loose that we, from our cultural perspective, can scarcely recognize them as restraints at all. Those Muslims motivated to kill in service of their religion seem to have very little in the way of a reluctance to kill civilians. Whether this lack of restraint derives directly from their religious doctrines or not is a matter that others can concern themselves with. Here, it suffices for us to observe that the type of mass civilian death toll the PIRA tried to avoid during its own armed campaign is precisely what Muslim terrorists strive for. Accordingly, and unsurprisingly, their terrorist attacks regularly cause civilian death tolls orders of magnitude beyond anything the IRA was responsible for, intentionally or otherwise.
Last week, I had an appointment with an eye specialist. My regular eye doctor had been bugging me to go see him because my optic nerve appears blurry. I finally gave in. I waited for 2.5 hours to be told everything BUT the fact that he clearly thought I was fat and that was what was causing the problem (one of his first questions was my height and weight). He was a jerk.
I know I have gone on and on about my love of Cybele Pascal and her amazing recipes so I won't go into it again other than to see Cybele's recipe for Red Velvet Cake ROCKS! A wonderful texture flavored with cocoa and colored with simple red food coloring. You will need to make up a batch of her gluten-free flour blend but don't be intimidated. It is easy to do and the unused portion keeps well in the refrigerator; just pour it into a ziploc bag, seal and place in the fridge. If you prefer, you can order the GF Classical Blend from Authentic Foods which saves you the mixing of 3 different flours. My order from the Gluten-Free Supermarket is current en-route to me so I went with the manual blending of the 3 flours. Easy-peasy and so worth it once you have a bite of this cake.
April 10 kick-off event highlights economic benefits when station is complete by fall 2013
On the subject of speeding: the only mail bag we get which is bigger than the one containing complaints about police speeding enforcement, is the one from people complaining that we do not take enough action over speeding! Again I ask; what will the locally elected police commissioner do about this? Which ever way they go, they will lose 50% of the votes, which is why policing should not be a matter for local voting in the first place.
At the other end of the barn, away from the scrum, a black and white puppy lounged in the straw. He was industriously gnawing on a rubber chewie shaped like a crown of broccoli. Our eyes met; he had beige eyebrows that gave him a sardonic look.
Angela Rockett At first I thought this question would be hard because I enjoy so many great art blogs and websites - yours included - but then it struck me that my can't-live-without blog is not actually art-related at all. It's http://cuteoverload.com because it just makes everything bad go away while you're there, and I think everybody can use that at least once a day.
All supplies will be provided by Tim. You need nothing!!!
Most of Shakespeare’s plays and sonnets aren’t known by the vast public. I know it’s fiction, but Any Human Heart could reflect on the careers of so many writers and artists. It’s not future proof. It’s for now.
The last 3 were all taken before we needed to start recording the cutest video ever
It was mid February and cold outside, snow piled in high banks on top of the ditches that lined the bumpy gravel road. The breeze that seeped in from the open quarter panel window felt like icy fingers when it reached by my face. I turned to the window and watched the smoke from my mom's friend's spliff drift outside, dance around and disappear. He smoked it slowly, joint pinched between his forefinger and thumb, inhaling deeply, holding his breath for many heartbeats before exhaling. Occasionally he would tilt his hand to the left in case my mom felt like indulging. She would shake her head each time, never willing to take her hands from the steering wheel, carefully following the packed snow trail laid down by previous cars tires. I mimicked his actions, breathing in deeply and trying to draw some of its sweet scent back towards me.
Cohen's book is a fantastic resource, and I highly recommend it. I can think of three different times this week that I have brought it up to other moms in conversation. I hope to glean many ideas from it in the weeks/months to come. Especially if this 60 degree weather keeps up.
One of the biggest challenge of 19th century European exploration of Africa was the Origin of Nile River. All the famous explorers, Livingston, Stanley, Speke, Burton and Baker were figured in the search. Speke is the first person laid the claim that Lake Victoria at Uganda is the origin of the White Nile. Ripon Falls was the northern outlet of Lake Victoria. Speke named the Falls after the then President of Royal Geographical Society.
“And how do we know it’s not?” he retorted.
In an attempt to make it more palatable for the average reader, Hind a Da Silva have taken an anecdotal approach to the history; an approach I agree with to a certain point [a discussion on this point later]. They have therefore avoided the “great blight of academia” by giving the characters and events some personality and colour. History, after all, isn’t merely the dusty facts, figure and dates that most scholars would have us believe. Moreover, even the all-too-often named players (kings, politicians, generals and such) had some interesting quirks about them.[1] For example, John A. MacDonald had the parliamentary pages all trained to bring him a tumbler full of gin in the House of Commons, because it most resembled water.
She arises, alive, whole, and once again free,
THEN I had to walk back through the playground, where all the big children were playing, pretending that I was hugely interested in my keys. All the way back to our building.
Once the client got stuck their stress increased and a predictable pattern of early warning signs became apparent. In a future article I will present the independent research which resulted in the AWARE Questionnaire, which confirmed and refined the ability to recognize the early warning signs of relapse.
The DEC said that while wetland designation is normally based on size, “under certain circumstances other factors can be considered.”
Then Jeff called from the airport. He just flew in from Colorado and his car wouldn't start. Would I come and jump him? I tried, but the car wouldn't start and he went into a rage when I insisted that we leave it and deal with it the next day rather than waiting who knows how long for AAA to come. He had had a long and difficult day and a dead car was the last thing he wanted. In the end, I took him home and headed back out to Home Depot -- armed with an Internet video on "How to Replace Your Kitchen Faucet."
**Notice that ALL the text of the book is included in the query. That's the right thing to do.
Warded from earth, air, water, fire, spirits, thought and sight.
Haha! Thought you would like it. I did it for you, mainly. ; )
Some of the sentiments are die cuts and others are stickers that I turned into die cuts by covering the adhesive with baby powder and then adhering to the project with foam tape.
But Mary is working and sees Connard and his crew in the audience. When Marshall’s finished – Mary knows because he curtsied – Marshall leads Connard and his guy out into the alley, but they soon get away, but Delia’s got it by opening the stakeout van door right as Connard runs by. Ouch!
How can we survive?
This was taken at a State Park on Lake Tawakoni in Northeast Texas.Samples contained 250 specimens in 12 families. The samples contained at least 16 identified genera.
Registration is a two-step process. Anyone can register, but we can only accommodate a relatively small number of attendees from among the registrants, based on whether they already have an Android app with the potential to be a top-tier tablet app in terms of quality, fit, and finish. The goal is to bring your app to the ADL, and leave equipped to make it into one that makes Android tablet users smile.
1.katch 22
Two abreast with rooms to spare
I can pull all the girl clothes out from behind the door on Husband's side of the closet that I've been squirreling away. Hehe.
Just as inducements can work to reduce the numbers of people transgressing rules, they can also be used to encourage growth, as Macedon Ranges Council recently demonstrated by rewarding a Woodend vet clinic with a rate cut for creating jobs.
Research and practice in hospitality and tourism experiences in Asia is at the exploratory stage. To date, the services literature has tended to focus on either tourism or hospitality in isolation rather than considering potential overlaps and synergies between these two areas of research – especially when there is a focus on the ‘complete holiday experience’. In addition, research has been largely derived from Western tourist destinations or ‘westernised’ beach complexes, rather than considering the specific set of complexities for Asia’s service businesses when they seek to build and retain a customer base from home markets or attract both home and international tourists.
Oh, good, another easy one:
would like him to: pay close attention to
The shriek of a bird of prey
Hope you all like the layout and the pins.
Once the poor guy has sobered up a bit from your brutal, all-out assault on his senses, he will (probably) medicate. At which point you pull one of your stunts again. Like a chap who has his fingers in too many pies, you’re still a cold… but now you’re a fever too! You sway left when he swings right, and you duck when he goes for your face. You occupy his brain, sit in his nose and throat and generally be an all out joy-kill. You laugh in the face of all his “modern” medicines, all the way to the grave where you die peacefully in your sleep. Apparently there’s nothing modern (or ancient) medicine can do to be rid of you.
I knew what I needed to do all along... but I had to hear it from a friend in order to put wisdom into action. What a great 2012 resolution.
Mr. Gingrich might have sounded sensible had he urged a more serious constitutional conversation. For example, he could have called for serious congressional inquiries into constitutional doctrines applied by the courts. He could have promoted hearings by the House and Senate Judiciary Committees featuring panels of legal experts that educated Congress and the public on the origins, justifications and consequences of various holdings. That would be a public service, and smack less of branch bullying.
The 2012 Centennial Edition is available as a special package on all Corvette models, including the Grand Sport that features a 6.2-liter V8 pumping out 430HP, the Z06 that comes equipped with a 505HP 7.0-liter V8 and the flagship ZR1 with its 638-hp supercharged LS9 V8 engine.
He convinced a demoralized nation coming from an era of spirit-sapping lethargy that we were a shining city on a hill…
Quite aside from the weird presumption of wishing to clarify in the Viennese court a circa 1500-year-old Arabic bedroom tale — such a verdict (and the law on which is its based) is more suited to Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, or Iran than an allegedly liberal and secular constitutional state. To be convicted for quoting analogously what is an article of faith in a great part of the Islamic world, seems more like the verdict of a sharia court than a verdict “in the name of the Republic.”
Oh, I love Halloween!
Rating: **½
Another indication of Walker’s sexual dilemma is indicated in the physical appearances of the two actresses. Betty Buckley, who looked ravishing as the gym teacher in Brian De Palma’s Carrie (1976), is made here to look aged and plain; Polanski is pointing out that a man can love a woman even after her graceless beauty has faded. In contrast, Emmanuelle Seigner is tempting and sexy as the young Michelle, who initially gives Walker a hard time but slowly begins to develop feelings for him, which we sense right away after she plants a sincere kiss on his cheek in an earlier scene. Later, when she and Walker attend an Arab nightclub seeking more clues, Walker dresses in his usual business attire while Michelle dresses in sultry, provocative red. Many Internet jokes have been made about their eventual dance scene, in which Michelle grinds and writhes all over Walker on the dance floor—while Walker is stupefied as to where to put his hands and feet. The most he can manage is a desperate clasping of her into her into his arms at one point. So fatigued is he by his search for his wife that he is almost willing, now, to trade her for another woman.
Kimberley
In the anime, Ash had a Gible, but it never evolved into Gabite, so it’s rarely seen in the anime.
I Corinthians 13:3-4 (emphasis added)
185 ***7. “Legal Realism, the New Journalism, and The Brethren.” Duke Law Journal, vol. 1983, pp. 1045-74 (November 1983). (Sources: Items D-II/23/1980 and III/19/1980, below, and C-1976(2), above. Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 275-94 (1992).)
I need help with my bags
But I have been stressed lately.
Today, people are happy if their kids are 'reading' at all. Even Facebook looks good!
And that famous Tiffany blue used in all the packaging? It was chosen because it was the favorite color of Empress Eugenie, wife of Napoleon III.
THE CRISIS IN LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA
And basically, half the punch art on this blog is useless without this punch. Never thought they would retire such a basic shape - but alas, Stampin' Up! is focused on stamping not punching - the company is not called "Punching Up!", now is it? (grin)
Blessings!!
And he calmed down.
I raced home, hoping to make it there before my parents.
Movies featuring guys I find funny and for the most part are funny, but definitely aren’t ground breaking at all. Horrible Bosses would have been way better had it gone much further with the bad behavior of the bosses. I kind of feel like they did it with the Kevin Spacey character, but the other two were bad but didn’t really warrant the crazy level of hatred. They were definitely bad, manipulative people, but MURDER material? I’m not sure. Our Idiot Brother was largely predictable, but had some funny scenes. Especially the ones featuring the hippie boyfriend of Paul Rudd’s ex. That dude brought this one up at least a category.
Lastly, I belong to a Unitarian Universalist Church not because I identify as a Unitarian Universalist, but because I believe that the Unitarianism Universalism is the contemporary religion most closely poised to become what I would call post-denominational. It is denominational thinking that separates Christians, Jews, Hindus, Muslims, Sihks, Buddhists, etc. Even when Christians use the term non-denominational, what they mean precisely denominational in its implication: we are not allied with them. Post-denominational thinking recognizes that, within the context of a human meta-history, many mythologies, philosophies, and prophecies have developed. As Gandhi famously said, “I am a Christian and a Muslim and a Hindu, and so are all of you!” If we survey this variety of human wisdom traditions we can begin to ascertain patterns. Some patterns reveal falseness: they reveal the self-serving, the greedy, the insecure, and the power hungry, these are ultimately revealed by their fruits. Other parts of the pattern seem to reveal insight, insight into the true nature of life and the universe, insight into the nature of humanity, insight into the value of justice, honesty, integrity, and compassion. Post-denominational religion, or Religion writ large, is concerned with harvesting, developing, expanding, and teaching human wisdom, regardless of culture, language, race, ethnicity, national or regional origin, or any other contrivance which has classically separated brothers and sisters from one another.
By the time its founder Dr. Francis Clark had written his autobiography in 1922, Christian Endeavor could say that eighty thousand organizations bore its name (Clark, Memoirs, supra, p. 699). It could and did say that three hundred thousand people attended one hundred and fifty different sessions at its 1899 Convention in Detroit (Clark, Christian Endeavor, supra, p. 368). It could and did estimate that about 250,000 Endeavorers every year join the evangelical churches of the world (Clark, Christian Endeavor, supra, p. 338). An online encyclopedia archive on Francis Clark recorded that, in 1908, United Christian Endeavor had 70,761 societies and more than 3,500,000 members scattered throughout the United States, Canada, Great Britain, Australia, South Africa, India, Japan and China
I don't have time to write about all the other resources we've loved or abandoned this year. As far as explaining the always changing, always learning way we do things here, Renelle said it better than I can right now. It's all a blur as I'm excited about what's happening now and what's in store. I have rambled today. Hope I haven't put anyone to sleep!
A: I don't have any photos just yet, but I can tell you that it has wonderful fresh colors and is full of romantic prints. The name has a bit of a vintage southern appeal. The rest I'll keep under my hat for now!
Part of the challenge is of one of perceptions because larger funders never talk about how they carry out their work through community organization.
Today’s outfit is the fourth in a collection based on the Fellowship of the Ring. Gandalf is probably one of the most beloved (and well-described, physically) of Tolkien’s characters. Gandalf’s look and persona (described by Tolkien in one of his letters as “Odinic”) are so iconic that today’s outfit is surely nothing groundbreaking in terms of surprise combinations and has doubtless been worn by many players who want to evoke a little bit of Gandalf’s mystique, but I present it for the completeness of the Fellowship collection, and also for the benefit of any readers new to LOTRO who might appreciate a suggestion on one possible way to put together a Gandalf-inspired look.
If the saw chain doesn't stop turning it greatly increases your chances of the reactive forces of push, pull or kick-back coming into play unexpectedly.
“Are you alright with him being here”
Anyway, in the short time that Smugleaf was a Servine, I love his battle animation. When I send him out, he would cross his arms and tap his feet while waiting for my command. It’s a bit of a shame that he lost his arms and legs when he evolved into Serperior. I also love Servine’s seductive and secretive smile.
The background was stamped with Viva decor gorgeous scroll stamp in Versafine for a water colour effect. Hope you can see it. I ran the sepia Ink around the edges and lightly embossed in the Olympic Gold EP.
no slate is clean of mortal sins
I am happy to tell you, Mother! Most simply stated, being receptive to the light enables spiritual clarity that transcends third density’s limitations. Those include prejudice and hatred of differences, acting in greed, judging others for their choices, holding resentments or desiring vengeance, getting ahead by ruthlessness and cheating and lying, controlling others’ lives and denying their free will, blindly following dogma or orders when instinct tells that they are not based in godliness. And the greatest of all third density’s limitations is fear — actually, all of those other negative emotions and actions I mentioned arise from fear.
” I would like to thank my Mum who had the patience and tenacity to teach me to knit in the first place. (sniff, sniff) I would also like to thank my ‘Nanny’. She was a role model to me, knitting me many a navy blue cardigan for school and no doubt countless hats, scarfs and jumpers that have been long forgotten…… oh and I mustn’t forget that without her I would not crochet as she was the one who introduced that to me. (sob, sob) More recently I must thank Nicky. She was the one who encouraged me to dig out my long-lost needles and start again….so, so, without her, my Mum and my Nanny I would not be where I am today. I can never thank any of you enough…..sob, sob…… I….I…. ohyesandImustn’tforgetJoanne……sorry… Joanne Scrace. She is a wonderful person who spurs me on to take the next, the next challenge. So thank you to you all………” (I go to move away from the mike but then come rushing back:) “Oh and I must not forget my family, my husband and children who allow me to do what I do. They put up with my yarn, needles and beads all over the place and the hours I spend sitting knitting and crocheting………. Yes that is everyone … oh apart that is from YOU Without you I obviously would not be here at all!” Runs off the stage.
Can no man tell me of my unthrifty son?
Favorite Color: Blue
Here's what I did do....
“She lied well enough when she was keeping her undercover act a secret.”
Paul gets labeled a fringe candidate. But in this era of a closely divided electorate, anyone who commands the allegiance that Paul does from an activist libertarian movement must be accounted for in the political calculus. I personally do not think a Ron Paul nomination is completely implausible. The media have been feeding on Presidential candidates like piranha in the Amazon, destroying the candidacies of one after the other. I would not rule out the possibility that Rep. Paul might be the last candidate standing come June. With a choice as sharply defined as the one a Ron Paul vs. Barack Obama election would provide, we would know for sure just where the American people want to go.
My garden is producing a few peas and I have started planting my tomatoes and onions. I still have a few greens but the caterpillars are putting holes in them as fast as they grow. I’m trying to use some organic stuff, but I guess I need that Bt stuff. It’s supposed to keep the caterpillars under control. When I get some money, I’ll guess I go try to find it at Lowe’s. (By the way don’t shop at Home Depot, which is supporting the gay lifestyle.) Any way, I’m trying to get ready for my spring planting in March and April. My plum trees are in bloom and my fig tree is already budding. My daffodils and snowdrops are blooming and my day lilies are sprouting out of the ground too. I think it’s going to be a wonderful year. I can’t wait to see what God is going to do in my life this year. I pray that God will finally restore all the years the locusts have eaten. God bless to all and go fish for Jesus!
(c) Nzere . . .. . . .. .. .. Third House
I'm maintaining my weight
Breakfast is really granola this morning, but we're watching the '70s cartoon adaptation of Green Eggs and Ham at the same time.
so you carry on, turning away from the fence that seems to be getting closer even though you are trying to avoid it
He herds them into the bathroom and I hear it all, sounds blended together, echoing the way things do in a bathroom. Fed through these wires, amplified and distorted, the decibles rise and fall with a pitch that spikes in screeches and what sounds like some major squall. If I was new to this house, I might put my work on hold to race up there and see what's going on. But I live here. I know. This is earsplitting -- but nothing, really.
So the question is: when the bank is valuing its assets, should it consider the market price including its own demand, or not including its own demand?
Dinner: Smoothie
I hadn't even thought about it until this morning when I responded to a thread about mobile computing using a laptop, but they offer 2 GB of free storage.
As for Lenny Kravitz’ little girl, Miss Zoe is still honing her acting chops but she did alright. I’m just glad they didn’t show Angel laying eggs or eating her dinner like a fly. Blech. Oh, and she was rescued by Wolverine and brought to Professor X…not found by Cerebro. I already brought up how Havok should not be in the picture yet but I’ll add one more bit. Much like Shaw, Alex has to store up energy in order to be able to send out blasts of plasma. It’s not infinite. So that whole bit about him being in jail because he can’t control himself was definitely manufactured for the film. Sean Cassidy was another puzzling addition for me. He had a whole life as a detective in Ireland and was involved in the whole IRA thing. Banshee was a codename assigned to him by Factor Three who forced him to commit crimes by strapping a headband full of explosives to him. Stylish, right? He was later rescued by Professor X but not before he pissed off his brother, Black Tom Cassidy and lost his daughter, Siryn…all of which happened before he joined the X-Men. I honestly don’t remember much about Darwin, other than him being a ghost for a while, but I’m pretty sure he never got killed off.
Chop onion and garlic cloves, fry until soft in a touch of olive oil
"I'm a tree in a story about...look, a bird!" Evan gets distracted easily.
In Daniel 6 v 1 -24 the enemies saw the way Daniel was rising so they plotted against him to put an end to him permanently they threw him into the den of lions , rolled a big stone, they thought this fellow is finished. I am sure they must have gone home that night rejoicing, but by the following morning, Daniel came out alive, the king sent for the enemies and asks them to go into the den themselves. I assure you, by the time the sun rises this day; it will be your turn to laugh at your enemies
The word is poiesis. Look it up. It has connotations to genesis or to new forms of life.
At its meeting on May 3, 2011, the NYC Rent Guidelines Board (RGB) adopted and proposed a range of renewal lease guidelines that will greatly impact many of New Yorkers.
Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees. Grease cheesecake pan and set aside.
Has He promised to never leave me, never forsake me?
Latinas are loud.
You could say I was a little spoiled.
I have to go out of town to shoot some senior pictures tomorrow. Im kind of not looking forward to it. Is that bad?
1 DISCO SUCKS (Keystone K111541-3A) 1979
What a load of BULLSHIT!
First, classic neutrals. This is the obvious one. Don't be afraid to spice it up with some fun accessories, layered necklaces, blazers, scarves or bright shoes.
Sounds like the Vancouver police took a page right out the Seattle PD playbook, where "excessive force" has become almost synonymous with that city's police department. The department's excesses - Tasering a pregnant woman three times in 42 seconds after she refused to sign a speeding ticket and get out of her car, shooting to death a partially deaf wood-carver holding a knife used in his trade, punching jaywalkers in the face - lead to a U.S. Department of Justice review that determined Seattle cops committed civil rights violations in one out of every five incidents where officers used force. The DoJ said only a tiny proportion of civil rights violations were ever investigated by the police department, and only a small portion of those resulted in discipline for the officers involved, and when discipline was meted out, it was rarely more than a slap on the wrist. The DoJ's findings could lead to court-ordered reforms of the city's police department, what local politicians have called a federal "takeover" of Seattle PD.
When it really come down to it, I worry just like everyone else. I make problems bigger than they actually are and I think too much about the “what ifs.”
The broken promises
Bella also gets chummy with Edward’s vampire “family,” some of whom have special powers.
I had planned to post frequently, but hey, I've never been very self-disciplined. Besides, all that whipping hurts.
“The attorneys general could create a lot of problems for the banks and for the trustees and for bondholders,” Gradman said. “I can’t imagine a better securities law claim than to say that you represented that these were mortgage-backed securities when in fact they were backed by nothing.”
In the morning, Morrison catches them and joins them again, but they ditch him on Route Thirty-Four; they claim they're newlyweds on their honeymoon (who aren't wearing rings because they're Christian Scientists). Morrison angrily gets out, mutters "Young folks!" then goes on another one of his tirades before spitting on the pavement, and hissing to them, "You'll see... sailing along in that car, breaking all the speed limits. They'll get you."
As she reads all his letters over, writ from The War.
are worked out.
Forming the best groups in the best spaces will surely have an impact on the power of these groups. This then raises another question. Might getting the group size and the group space optimized have an impact on group power?
Appendix A: Expositional Sermon on Isaiah 53
Pardon the pun, but this is not black and white territory – there is a lot going on here. First, men can use some pretty base language to describe a woman they see in such an outfit. Slutty. Sexy. Low class. In fact, this style is a real bone of contention for my male friends. When I suggest it turns them on, they reflexively insist it’s trashy and sloppy and that they don’t like it. All of them, and I say all because my track record is legitimately 100% on this, return to the subject a few hours or even days later, sheepishly admitting that on reflection, they agree with me. ‘It’s kind of hot.’
One of the most important responsibilities I have is to introduce my children to the love of our Lord Jesus Christ and teach them how to live for Him. I have come to realize that they must make that choice to accept our teachings, just as the Israelites had to make their choice to accept Jesus as their Messiah. We know from history that they rejected and crucified Christ–they missed Him and there has been consequences!
Oh, I believe in you.
It’s a book, moreover, that shows the author’s deep affection for his adopted hometown. Sure, it rails against pushy Parisian grannies, perma-striking workers, awful French coffee and general aversion to customer service, but most of all this book is an ode to a city, a country and a culture that the world – like David - is unusually fascinated with.
Nathan Hale, the American patriot will forever be remembered with those words as he went to his death by hanging.
I certainly agree with that. I saw a show at Bernard Manning’s Embassy Club in Manchester in the early 1980s when there was a black couple near the front of the audience. Manning, of course, zeroed in on them as the butt of his jokes and they genuinely loved it. At the end of the show, they were beaming with happiness and excitement; he had made their night.
41
06 May
So that last post I posted? Yeah, the one with the "thinking hard about changing the name" line in it? Well, Jessica (whose blog I really love!)commented on it (thank you!:)) and it really helped me. I've been thinking a little creatively since I read it this morning,and I'm really taking her advice and adding it in. Here is what she commented-
“Did he have a problem with the both of you? Or his family?” Jaejoong and Yoochun shook their heads too.
To earn Double Miles, simply register your Mileage Plan™ number below prior to your first qualifying flight, and travel between August 27, 2012 and November 20, 2012.
Look for the Charismatic and exciting MR Saturday Night Michael Barry at a show near you.
There are no apartment numbers in Paris for reasons I'll never understand, so you must give visitors turn-by-turn directions from the front door. Sometimes the directions are so convoluted you know you're never going to make it so you just pick any door and make a new friend!
The IoM, in other words, is the go-to organization for the setting of government health policy. Never mind the fact that the IoM is two-thirds funded by government itself and also takes money from the world’s top vaccine manufacturers. The conflicts of interest within the IoM are not merely notable, but severe conflicts of interest. They are so prominent, in fact, that no person in their right mind should believe a word the IoM says about vaccines, yet both the government and the mainstream media is positioning the IoM as (somehow) being a trustworthy independent non-profit that tells the truth about vaccines.
John Steinbeck‘s entertaining observations about how the Sally Lightfoot Crab lives up to its name can be read here.
55) ever since i was a kid, my mom has taught me the importance of household chores, the most useful chore she ever taught me was how to sweep. because now as i’ve gotten older… and wiser, i can now sweep girls off there feet! (pick up the girl but do not drop her) +
05-Flee-Rekkers - Shiftless Sam (Demo)
- firm, dense head, without being overly carbonated
ROMPER STOMPER/1992/RUSSELL CROWE
President of the United States
Of gamma chee.
table. All of the invisible so-called contracts by which you think you
First, if this bill passes, the IRS will have the authority to take away the passports of those whom they say owe more than $50,000 in taxes. (The tax debt doesn’t have to be proven, mind you, the IRS simply has to accuse you of owing the money.) You can find this section on page 1447 of the Bill.
If you are making gravy, add the Vegan spread to the pan and let it melt. Sprinkle the whole-wheat pastry flour into the pan and mix it through well, letting it cook until you can’t see the flour any more. Add the vegetable broth and mix it well. Let it cook on low heat until the gravy thickens. If you want more gravy, add more broth. Add the spinach at the last minute so it just has time to wilt.
When I went to college I survived two sessions with the councillor there. She was a big grey haired woman with hairy armpits and bad dress sense. Her voice was high pitched and whiny, and on both occasions I left the hour long session with the desire to smash somebody’s face into a wall. Needless to say I refused sessions after that and instead endured my sleeplessness, my rage and my angst by throwing myself into the theatre and performance classes, and neglected my other studies. That is why I barely scrapped a B in psychology A-Level and a C in English. Granted that’s also partly because we were having too much fun taking pictures and thinking up new and subtle ways of insulting Roger (the sub teacher who looked like the guy off Back To The Future)
1) HAVE A SPOOKY FUN TIME!
How far it goes.
"So the shortest day came, and the year died,
Greg MotherEffing Stefan!!! How utterly obscure. I love it. I had to have it. Greg was a goalie for the Red Wings in the '80's back before they became good. His career ended in '89 after suffering a horrifying knee injury against Edmonton.
While we were ogling Jesus and admiring his shiny Razor scooter, Mormon missionaries came to my door.
I stamped the butterfly onto the orangey Basic Grey designer paper in Versamark Clear ink. I then used black embossing powder and heat set. I painted the white dots with white acrylic paint. I painted more white paint around the outside of the image to make it stand out from the background. I did not use any other colouring mediums at all, I just let the paper colour the image for me. :-) As a result this card came together relatively quickly!
The second soapbox I’ve been on all of my adult life and much of my teenage years is the use of energy and our ostrich-like approach. We saw that OPEC could bring us to our knees in the early 70s. What have we learned? Apparently zero. Driving a big-ass SUV that gets 12mpg in the city is wasteful, destructive, irresponsible, and quite frankly feeds the machine abroad. And don’t tell me “that’s all I can fit in comfortably” or “but I can haul so much.” Sit in my Matrix and tell my 6’3” frame that you don’t have room. Watch me bring home a tree. I get 30mpg. We had a station wagon that got 20-25mpg. We brought 3 trees home in it once.
5) Clear the exit on our skin so hopefully some cellulite can escape. Drink a lot of water and watch the salt intake coz salt retains water.
Grimes, Martha. The Jerusalem Inn. 1984. New York: Onyx, 2004.
(Reuters) - Apple Inc raised the stake in an intensifying global patent battle with Samsung Electronics by targeting the latest model using Google's fast growing Android software, a move which may affect other Android phone makers.
Welcome to the Scrap365 June 2012 Issue Sketch Challenge.
O Mary we crown thee with blossoms today,
Talk Title: Argument for the existence of the soul.
“What if he shows up with another woman? What if one of my sleeves catches on fire and it spreads rapidly. What if instead of tic tacs I accidentally pop a couple of Ambien and I have to keep punching my leg to stay awake?”
‘Schadenfreude’ doesn’t begin to cover it.
- He has some of my favorite Jewish recipes; I am sure that many would have no idea that they are Jewish because they are Sephardic (the polar opposite of blintzes or potato latkes), you will find recipes like Sabich and Mujadara (Middle Eastern rice and lentil pilaf). For me, these recipes
They look happy here, don't they? They were. They were married 58 years...and THAT is no trick.
How's it going: Still going really well. I am pretty much past hunger most of the time. The fatigue is getting better. I am feeling so much love and support, I know I can do this!
To me the sweetest music is
sands left of Baghdad, ferried
Socially, spiritually and religion wise, the BLEAK nature of the landscape of ONE god-ism is especially marked in contrast to the richness and diversity of the Rig Vedic tradition. Here, there is no ONE god that is imposed on anyone. Instead we have an Infinite Being that is described by humans as being eternally Existent, Conscious, and Blissful (Sat, Chit, Ananda respectively). We can speak of it as Satchidananda. And the earth, especially the Punya Bhumi (sacred earth) is peopled by a plenitude of Gods and Goddesses who are manifestations of this Infinite Being. This is no angry or jealous god who threatens punishment, hell fire and damnation if HE is not worshipped.
God, who through thine only-begotten Son Jesus Christ hast overcome death, and opened unto us the gate of everlasting life; We humbly beseech thee, that, as by thy special grace preventing us thou dost put into our minds good desires, so by thy continual help we may bring the same to good effect; through Jesus Christ our Lord, who liveth and reigneth with thee and the Holy Ghost, ever one God, world without end. Amen.
Not surprisingly, my Hotmail sign in doesn't work. Looks like they've changed the password. I try password recovery, but it appears that they've changed the secondary email verification addresses as well; there's no way to get control of my account without getting Microsoft involved. Joy.
She does very well at an online typing game and even knows how to keep her fingers on the "home row keys."
Following the last post i made this badam halwa for the diwali.I know about this after i got married and also my hubby's fav.This is my MIL recipe which i follow always.
“By this logic,” Samuel R. Gross, a law professor at the University of Michigan, wrote in a response to be published in this year’s Annual Review of Law and Social Science, “we could estimate the proportion of baseball players who’ve used steroids by dividing the number of major league players who’ve been caught by the total of all baseball players at all levels: major league, minor league, semipro, college and Little League — and maybe throwing in football and basketball players as well.” ...
Paper: Daffodil delight, Island Indigo, Chocolate Chip Pattern DSP, In Color DSP
If you were to move from this plane of existence, would your loved ones know just that; that you loved them? If not, what’s so hard about saying the word? What does it bring up for you? Maybe that’s something you need to sit with for a little while. I know it might hurt, but working through it allows space in your life for something wonderful.
Martello towers are named after the Torre di Mortella in Corsica and were built along England’s southern and eastern coasts between 1804 and 1812, as part of the country’s defences against a possible French invasion. They are extremely solid brick buildings, with outer walls up to 13 feet thick and roofs at least 10 feet in thickness. They are elliptical on the outside with round interiors, meaning that the outer walls vary in thickness, and the thickest walls, in the narrow ends of the ellipse, face the sea. There were very few windows and the entrance was on an upper level, reached either by a retractable ladder or a drawbridge. Inside, a garrison of up to 24 men and officers lived and waited to train their cannon on approaching enemy shipping. In the event, the towers were not tested by a French invasion, but some 47 of them remain, rendered obsolete by advances in both armour and artillery, as reminders of an age gone by.
But The Associated Press has learned it does not report insider attacks in which the Afghan wounds — or misses — his U.S. or allied target. It also doesn’t report the wounding of troops who were attacked alongside those who were killed.
his lens did locate, light, and grow.
By far the best for me, though, is the most “traditional” of the five acts; Kirsty Logan’s story, “The Rental Heart”, is a lovely little parable with a nice premise – that each new lover requires the insertion of a new mechanical heart. It’s a poignant tale which is told beautifully by Logan in a distinctive, assured and persuasive voice. Other than a slight time slip at the end – a jump in the timeline of three years to get to the denouement feels a little clunky – it’s a fine, fine story from a real talent.
I’m not on offense, nor am I on defense. Instead, I am part of a Special Team — watching, hoping, waiting and trusting in God for what comes next.
I’m not trying to be an asshole, I’m not trying to be a zealot in terms of mass media and the Man… I only find it truly fascinating to see how much stock we put into the people we think are responsible for our knowledge and safety. Thinking of mankinds weakness’ are cool, man, all the kids are doing it.
Aki: No.
Terry Farish has not only imagined it, she's written about it multiple times. She is a literary evangelist for newcomers to American shores, thus has an unique perspective. She blogs at The Elephant Rag, a blog exploring multicultural literature.
We all know Michael Kors makes a mean watch (and shoes…and purses) and while they are the most expensive item on this list, they are relatively affordable compared to other brands with similar styles. This would look nice on mom’s wrist, don’t you think?
Thus remaining anonymous
- Charlie Chaplin
-1,300mAh battery
We went from Vinyl on Day 1 to Digital Images on Day 2. On Day 3, we visited the home decor section with a lovely paper wreath. I wonder if you can create one that is Black and Gold? Hint, Hint. Then on Day 4, we were graced with bookmarks for a book club. All I can say is that when I started this craft hobby I had no clue of the endless possibilities that were opened up.
Oh Oldest. I love you! I am so proud of who you are. I love your passion and compassion. Continue to let Jesus guide you and show you the way.
I sat is groggy silence as I heard the social worker describe the child who needed us. What this child had been through. Were we willing to accept this child? Yes! I then had to wait to make sure the DHHR agreed to us as foster parents and not more than fifteen minutes later I was on the phone sobbing to my mother about how I was about to become a mother and I was scared. Petrified. But I cried mostly for what this child had been through and how brave this child must be to have told teachers what had happened over the weekend. The same weekend my husband and I were galavanting around having the time of our lives this child was suffering unspeakable things. Lord help this child.
What a card: This is the rookie card AND the only Topps card for Andre David.
Zostavax® is a new vaccine which was approved for use in Canada in 2008 for people 50 years of age and over. The vaccine prevents 50% of cases of shingles and up to 66% of cases of neuralgia. If shingles develops in a vaccinated person, it is likely to be milder compared to shingles in an unvaccinated person. The cost of the vaccine is around $170 and is not carried by all pharmacies. Currently, the manufacturer is unable to supply the vaccine and we are eagerly anticipating shipment sometime in early 2012.
In this weeks challenge I used the following carts:
Rea: One of the earliest women that inspired me was the boxer Lucia Rijker. I remember going to this little independent theater in Chicago, and watching this beast of a woman box on screen. It wasn’t barbaric. It was grace in motion. It was a ballerina on pointe. It was music every time her fist connected with its target. Alice Walker was another inspiring person growing up. I loved the stripped down version of her work; the way she manipulated words and often left them in their basest form. The first time I saw Maya Angelou speak was breathtaking. Suddenly, I was jealous of her, at such an advanced stage in her career, reflecting, laughing, sitting up there in her rocking chair with her cane, so many decades older and wiser. She had the look of a writer who knew her words have literally changed and shaped lives.
9 course
The new Porsche Cayman R will go on sale from February 2011. The price in Germany will be EUR 69,830 inclusive of 19 percent VAT and country-specific equipment items.
Didn't turn out like you planned
Heat up a wok until smoking and saute the reserved prawn shells with 4 tbs of cooking oil. Leave the flavoured oil in the wok and discharge the solids. This is an optional step but the flavoured oil will greatly extra dimension to the finished product.
I think the Test Taking name should stay. Maintaining this blog has been a test of my resolve, writing when I’m not sure what the hell I’m doing has been a test of my character, making meals up has been a test of my willingness to fail. The state may not be testing the kids in the most meaningful way but it hasn’t quelled their love of learning and that’s the thing that counts.
WE HAVE NOT FORGOTTEN THE BELIEVERS IN THE SPHERE AND WILL BRING THE CANDY VERY SOON!
Here a maid was found with child,
This weekend we made the long 6 hour journey to Calgary. I brought along the Dude (of course I did) and of my friend that had friends in Calgary. The trip felt like it took forever! Well, not on the way there because we left at 8am and I pretty much slept in the car till 11:30 but the way home was long! We played trivia on my phone and we also invented a new game to play in the car. When a song came on the radio we had to guess which year it was released. Of course I would say that I won but in reality the Dude and I tied.
8. "That's No Way to Get Along"
Alternate: Scott Neustadter + Michael H. Weber, (500) Days of Summer
He didn’t even have to say anything. Well, I suppose he did for the hockey crowd. But for me it was purely visual.
Mr4 dons his bike helmet, puts on his gumboots, and climbs on his little bike (with training wheels) as though he is stepping over a Harley Davidson. He brmmms as he drives, makes screeching noises as he skids to a stop, and swaggers like a Bandido as he pushes his bike into the preschool playground. He walked around with his helmet under his arm for ages the other morning, waiting for someone to notice, then tossed his hair back with 'oh, this old thing' attitude as he confided that he'd ridden to school that day.
He had so much foreskin that my friends and I secretly referred to him as “gonzo”.
Let's recap the 9-lives of my mantel so far this year:
The Atlantic Yards fight is more complex; the state environmental review both points to displacement as well as new affordable housing and, while much of the affordable housing would be delayed and unaffordable to members of the advocacy group behind it, ACORN, the latter group is contractually committed to supporting AY, and delivers.
· Ask any brewer and they'll tell you--when a beer turns green it's a BAD thing.
Set in the 1960s and ending in the 1990s, we, for a brief moment, live in a world with 4 characters whose lives are forever changed by one man's decision. I couldn’t put this book down!
Lucia Harper (Joan Bennett) lives in a small California town. She is married with two teenage children, has a housekeeper and a large comfortable home. On the surface everything appears idyllic, but chaos is looming. The film opens with Lucia driving to Los Angeles to meet a man called Ted Darby. Darby (Sheppard Strudwick) has been dating the daughter of the family and Lucia means to put an end to it. She fails to do so and Darby comes secretly to the house later that night. The daughter (Geraldine Brooks) meets him in the adjacent boathouse and, after a quarrel, Darby stumbles off the landing to skewer himself on an anchor below. Lucia discovers the body the next morning and, with her husband travelling on business in Europe and she wanting to protect her daughter, decides to dump the corpse and cover everything up. It looks like she might pull it off until Martin Donnelly (James Mason) turns up with some compromising letters and proposes blackmail.
One of those endlessly fun things is the cornstarch project. You mix water and corn starch and get a funky substance that is both a solid and a liquid. The thing is water and corn starch don't completely mix. Their molecules slither around each other. The corn starch molecules get tangled up, but the water molecules flow around them. So, if you whack the substance hard, the molecules don't have time to move and it feels like a solid. When you move into it slowly however, the water molecules have time to flow around and it is a liquid. It is messy. It is fun. And it is easy to do.
How fun of a project is that? I always loved science as a kid, and I'm so happy to have the opportunity to create designs that are intended to not only communicate, but to educate and inspire. My first official day is May 23rd, and I can't wait! :)
From my vantage point on the ground, it looked like NYPD had things well under control. I left the scene before the situation was resolved. But by the time I did leave, there was an officer on either side of Stunt Boy as all three conversed on the outer ledge of the walking path.
Mile 25: Okay, here's where things get interesting. Coming up a hill on the south side of Diamond Head, we hear this strange "clip clop, clip clop, clip clop," like a giant Clydesdale is coming up the hill behind us. Now at that point, if that had been the Budweiser Clydesdale we would have jumped on the wagon and drank beer until we hit the finish line. But it quickly hit us that the possibility of a team of Clydesdales pulling a beer wagon up the foot of Diamond Head on the same day of the marathon was likely to be pretty remote. So we briefly paused to look behind us. About 100 yards behind us was a 300+ pound Samoan man in a grass skirt and wooden shoes, and he was running right at us. Now, even under non-wussy-marathon conditions this would generally be cause for alarm, but in our present situation we were just perplexed. As we turned back and started jobbling (kind of a lame-horse gaited jog/hobble combo), we could here our giant friend yelling something at us, but we couldn't quite make it out.
Ultraman:
Add the red chillies and the coconut and fry for a few minutes.
I’ll try to avoid going through the plot details in as much depth as I did with ‘A Wizard of Mars’, and try to spend a bit more time looking at plot structure, interesting use of language, and my own reactions. So, let’s get started!
Place Flagey, an almost featureless square, was alive with children cycling, knots of pals sitting on the ground, and people just hanging out before going somewhere. The evening had that kind of feel - a sense of something nice going to happen. Dusk has a really milky quality here that is very pretty.
joy even in adversity.
I intend, over a series of Blog posts, to show you how we do it, including photos of the main ingredients, so that you can go to your local Asian supermarket and make your own. For today, however, I'll just post a couple of taster pictures - enjoy!
The constant hurt of self and others
Planning was lodged last month for four run-of-river hydro schemes on the Auch Estate in Glenlyon. One of these proposed schemes in Gleann Cailliche threatens an ancient and uninterrupted link to our fast-diminishing heritage of pre-Celtic Pictland/Scotland.
Meanwhile high up in the stands “studio” one, some, or all of, Graeme Souness, Uncle Jeff Stelling, Glenda Hoddle and Jamie Redknapp described the goings on as of the greatest Champions League games ever as if our exploits at the Ataturk Stadium in 2005 were a routine, ho hum walk in the park! Nonetheless I wish Chelsea luck in Munich and hope that, as result of making it through, they are distracted and that this manifests itself on 5th May at Wembley!
This paper is a survey of several significant microfinance impact assessment evaluations released or published between 2005 and 2010. It is an update of a comprehensive impact assessment literature survey released in 2005, which was sponsored by Grameen Foundation and authored by Nathanael Goldberg. In the years since Goldberg’s paper was released, there have been a number of important developments in microfinance impact assessment, making this current survey a much-needed update.
A few months ago my friend purchased Ben, a 9 year old Cleveland Bay.
The second half of the semester will be about 2/3 IBL and 1/3 review of the textbook. This is where the deep learning will take place.
Surely, one kiss couldn’t hurt. He desperately wanted to. He hadn’t kissed a woman in so long. It would be nice to see if he still remembered how.
3. When I saw that the Wikipedia entry for Delphinium explained the word's derivation under the heading "Entomology", I immediately enlisted as a Wikipedia editor, and, with intense smugness, corrected "Entomology" to "Etymology".
The poor baby clutched to life throughout the night but just couldn’t hang on. He died before he could see his dream of a reunited nation fully realized.
I decided that despite the inclement weather, I’d already achieved what I’d set out to do and the trip was definitely a success. Anything after that was a bonus so I just relaxed and enjoyed the moment (and took even more photos). Spectacular Scottish scenery certainly satisfied the soul!
You'll notice that there are 25 track and I'm sure you are asking how I could fit 25 songs into just a little over 36 minutes. Well, the answer is simple. Almost none of those tracks are songs in their entirety. I tried to get in and get out on a lot of tracks. "Keep things moving" is what I say. So we start off gentle with the sound of rain. We ramp up to some rock, and some head knocking beats and even detour into some country and blues. It all ends how we started with the sound of rainfall. I hope it works for you.
Have you finished your Christmas shopping?
UNKNOWN WHITE MAN'S SEVERED FOOT FOUND IN Welkom Klippan dam. 2010-01-15
Mike Stone
Beside your immediate family you have a treasured extended family that loves you intensely. They were all so surprised and excited to hear the news back in August that there would be another little one in the family. These are among the most tender, compassionate, beloved, determined and courageous people you could ever hope to meet. No matter what, we are always there for each other, picking each other up in times of despair, and we always come out on the other side stronger than who we started out as. You come from a long line of strong fighters, my love! Simply by having made it this far, you definitely have inherited that strength.
I pick up "Fear-Less" flower essence to try, I have always been interested in the flower remedies but never tried them so decided to give this one a go since I still felt anxiety.
The next morning I took a few photos.
On every corner buskers sing
Octoberfest (Left Hand). Light in body, toasty, and balanced, this is a true German-Style fest beer. Brewer, Joe Schiralde.
People lament the change wrought in the language by the arrival of text messaging.
The last two days have been hard. The one spot I had gone to for comfort just isn’t there anymore. Not in the way I am used too at least. He calls it tough love I guess, trying to do what’s best for me. I just call it missing him badly. Funny thing is that when I first started writing, I sent him the link. I don’t know that he has ever been here. Probably better that way. I have always hated anyone seeing my weakness and almost hate that he has my heart as tightly as he does.
SAN JUAN PR
“Please continue to hold,” I was interrupted. “A representative will be with you shortly.”
Victor Marsh is a writer, editor, researcher, lecturer, former television producer and student of comparative religion, who has taught meditation in a dozen or so countries. A research advisor at the University of Queensland, he also teaches writing and cultural studies at Southern Cross University. His critical study of Christopher Isherwood, Mr Isherwood Changes Trains, was published by Clouds of Magellan in 2010.
#18. friends who blog
I got picked up by my Uncle Ronnie and my Grandad I wuz so surprised to see him…way passed his bedtime…lol. He had so much energy. I think he is just happy to have so much family around at this time.
Did the first day begin with
Anyway, I’m sure Angelique will have nothing to fear from Makumbo as long as she shaves her legs and doesn’t wiggle her bottom at him. He already owes her a debt of gratitude for all the favourable publicity. The gorilla nation (by which I mean me) thanks Ms Todd for her good PR work on our behalf, and looks forward to reading her jungle memoirs. When she does put pen to paper, I hope she writes in a measured factual way rather than telling the world what magnificent sexy beasts we are. Nobody likes an arse-licker and praise is rarely taken seriously when it’s over-the-top.
The United States needs to do more to protect civilians in Syria, including considering setting up safe zones inside Syria and potentially arming the opposition, Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman John Kerry (D-MA) told The Cable in an interview Tuesday.
Tell me what your conceptions of homeschooling are? I am curious to know what you think about it. It is not for everyone. Even if it is not for you, what are your feelings on other's who choose this path?
Priest is gives us glimpses of a world that is wide and wild in a story that hardly touches the ground. Clementine shows off the southern flair that Cherie has become famous for, but will please even hardened Steampunk fans with her ingenuity at keeping everything fresh and yet historically stylized. I give Clementine 8 out of 10 hats. Cherie still has a lot more in store for us in The Clockwork Century including at least two more shorts and the next full length novel Dreadnought, which Tor will be releasing this September. She is definitely earning the moniker as the Queen of Steampunk, but she may have to duel it out with Gail Carriger in some sort of no holds-barred battle royale.
Once cooked, it’s really important to allow your flapjacks to cool in their baking tray for as long as possible, preferably overnight. This makes your flapjacks deliciously chewy and moist. Then all you need to do is cut the flapjacks up and try not to eat them all at once. They get more coconutty and gingery the longer they keep for so they are even better three days after you make them, if you can hold off on eating them for that long.
Just when I was ready to give up...
Roger Bailey was selected by the Rockies in the 3rd round of the 1992 amateur draft. Bailey made a rapid rise through the Rockies minor league system and found himself as the second Rockies draft pick to make the majors. In his 3 seasons in Colorado, Bailey had a record of 18-19 with a 4.90 ERA and 162 strikeouts. Following the 1997 season, Bailey was demoted to the minors and finished his career in Tampa's system.
Don’t forget to like Chief’s Shop on Facebook! At 500 likes someone will be selected to receive a Kreg Mini Pocket-Hole Jig Kit or a box of 500 pocket hole screws. The person who recommended Chief’s Shop to the winner will also receive the same prize.
I also realized today, that every single record of paintings I have done, I have posted. I am dry. This is my last painting until I can start new. I have so many planned and half done, but not a day at home in my studio in months.
This is a very capable cast. I'm all for raising the bar and aiming as high as possible, but not even I would have contemplated doing a show as complex as this without a seriously good senior group to work with.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank SUDEP Aware co-founders Tamzin Jeffs and Elizabeth Donner, MD, who vetted my article and made several corrections and clarifications that were much-needed improvements. I’d also like to thank them for their moral support over the past few months, and for the work they are doing to raise awareness of SUDEP and improve research into its causes and prevention.
~Original & creative designs
This story is about an employer I worked for from June 27th, 2011 to April 19th, 2012. I'm not sure if you can post names or not legally, but I'll give you their names and you take it from there. The mom is T. L., she works for L***** and Associates. It's a global brand design company. One day she will say she is the CEO, the next day she will say she isn't the CEO, she is the Senior Designer, so not sure which is true. I don't know the company the dad works for, his name is K. H., but he is an Architect. They have bragged to me before that they bring in around $130,000 a year. This is a great income for Cincinnati, OH. They own a really nice home near Hyde Park, right off of Columbia Parkway.
Not a day goes by that we are not amazed at how awesome you are.
Jennifer’s newest novel, The Next Best Thing, will be published in July 2012.
but one always knows where the fault lines lay.
In the mean time i hope you guys have a great day, and I will blog again very soon
runtime: 107 min.
The saboteurs at the Times provided secret details into the Bush administration’s use of subpoenas to gather large troves of data from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT), a Belgium-based consortium that handles international bank transfers. Financial data is used to identify terrorists before they get a chance to kill. It is an eminently sensible program, and one that has reaped rewards.
Many of the precautionary actions that we need to take would be sensible in any event…
Caring for one another is the charge given to us from the ALL-SEEING.
Until then, Happy Thanksgiving to all from my little family.
Nice and refreshing, which I could say the same about Bagpipe's. Not the most comfortable place, and smelled like stale beer. I was feeling tired and almost bailed. Tweet!
EABA is the End All Be All RPG system. In a nutshell, it specifically is a d6 dice pool (of sorts), roll over an assigned target number, settingless or generic system that is simple, yet detailed enough to get compared to GURPS quite a bit- as in every review I've seen.
Meanwhile, the BBC's defence correspondent, Caroline Wyatt, said the six soldiers had been in the country for less than a month, having flown out of the UK on Valentine's Day.
The Velvet Underground is so thoroughly steeped in the lore of alternative culture that it’s hard to imagine the music world bereft of their towering influence. Their debut album remains, four decades after its release, the touchstone by which all other alt rock releases must pass mettle; alas, their achievement was so resoundingly original and the circumstances of the album’s creation so unique that most attempts at emulating their formula prove futile. One of the few people to have pulled it off successfully is Jonathan Richman, the ex-Modern Lover whose coming of age on the Lower East Side coincided with the VU’s rise to infamy. His anecdotal remembrances of Lou Reed and company make up the bulk of this text, accentuated by technical details laid out by co-producer Norman Dolph. The result is a humanizing snapshot of a time and place which have been romanticized to epic proportions.
There is something supernaturally different between a baby I hold in my arms and the baby’s blanket. There is not an instant of question to which is more valuable–which I will protect with my life, and which I couldn’t care less about in the event of an emergency. But where do these beliefs come from? And how can I trust them if I just came about from random chances?
Their new film The Yes Men Fix the World gives us a front row seat at several of these jaw-dropping, hilarious stunts, and takes us behind the scenes to show how they are planned. At a 2005 Dow Chemical conference, the two give a presentation on “acceptable risk”, symbolizing actual harm to other human beings that’s profitable (hence acceptable) with a Golden Skeleton. At a petroleum conference in Canada, they share candles supposedly made from the boiled off fat of a victim of climate change named Reggie Watts: a new, cutting edge “bio-fuel” with more than a little in common with Soylent Green. At another event, they pass themselves off as representatives of Haliburton, introducing a preposterous new invention called “Survivaballs”, hazmat suits to be permanently worn by the rich and powerful after they destroy the earth. After this and several other of such presentations, the speakers are generally approached by approving audience members with words of encouragement, or at best, mild suggestions for improvement. The grand-daddy of the Yes Men stunts occurred when Andy Bichlbaum went on the BBC in 2004 and announced that Dow Chemical (which had recently acquired Union Carbide) was finally going to make equitable restitution to the residents of Bhopal, India for the 1984 industrial disaster, which took thousands of lives, and destroyed tens of thousands more.
And yet, a lot of people are mad and furious that he's done this, and are offended by the results.
with the next mess life throws you.
A slight change of pace today. Or theme. For once we're moving away from Scotland . . . and back to WW I. You didn't think you were going to escape all of my obsessions, did you? I just alternate between them, like a fairweather football fan.
If you have any questions, I'll try to answer them for you.
Did we do anything to earn this grace? Nope.
Newer members of the Beer Blokes family may not be aware of the annual on-line Beer Fest that is MoVem-Beer, a special time of the year for very special people.
Most of the time I follow the rules. Sometimes I make up my own rules to follow if I think the ones that I am supposed to follow are dumb. Sometimes I break the rules and get away with it. Sometimes I don't. But I am very, very clear on one thing - if I choose to break the rules then I better to be prepared to suffer the consequences. And if I ever forget that, please fire me from my (very small) role in the play - I obviously need a reminder that there is no one to blame but myself.
Several weeks ago, I had a "tummy" bug and finally started "Pinning" on Pinterest. There is a linky on my right sidebar if you'd like to head over. It's kind of like a "Wishbook" that you create of all your Favorite things. If you haven't clicked on over,,I'd highly recommend it. So MANY gorgeous images/ideas and inspirations for what ever YOU like to do!
Melody Laila
Murray's further distinguishes itself by having a comfortably appointed classroom on the premises where ongoing classes are conducted in cheese making, pairings, and regional samplings. They also boast the elaborate set of caves in the basement where through climate control they age the young cheeses that are purchased directly from small producers.
Too much, and its a tedious read.
Wow, super inviting nose. Caramel, a light touch of whiskey, and fruity sweetness. Just awesome. After the first sip, the first thing I did was check out the ABV on the bottle just because it was so smooth and it turned out to be 13.5% and I couldn't believe it. I didn't expect anywhere over 10% at the most. Hiding an ABV like that is pretty amazing. Tons of caramel and sweet fruit, like plums and apples, followed by some vanilla and oak to smooth it all out. Hints of the whiskey come out but it's really well integrated and the barleywine holds up to the barrel incredibly well. Just a fantastic beer.
Anwaar: What did you say?
I'm lovin' this enduring Autumn's stunning chilly skies. I enjoy wrapping up for firework nights and long walks in the park. The Child and I are now back to our routine, rushing to catch yellow-yellow leaves as they fall from trees; cuddling up on the sofa to watch Strictly. My horrendous commute continues and I'm back to turning up late for work, leaving early and stressing all the while. Living only for the magic 8.30 pm when, I can finally exhale and write.
Life skills cover a diverse range of topics: career planning, communication, daily living, home life balance, personal finance management, social relationships, work and study skills, etc.
Deena here - I was a little behind on this card, not for lack of effort, but for completing the wrong challenge...anyway, the card two weeks from now is a cutie! I just received this garden gnome set last night at my final stamp club meeting and I couldn't sleep all night trying to think of how I could work this into the branching out challenge...then I re-read what the challenge required and I figure I put in quite a few elements on this simplistic and whimsical card - green, wood grain background, spring like nature gnomes, some clouds and some grass...everything but the trees...
7. I wrote my first play when I was nine.
Miss Daisy told me she had worked for the surgery center for years and she just didn’t want to stop working. I can’t say I blame her. I’d want to work there too. It had to be interesting and I bet they gave discounts.
OF FIRE AND FAITH is a YA urban fantasy novel, complete at 100,000 words. It is a first in a series following Zell's journey through paladinhood. The sequel, OF ANGELS AND ASHES, is already in the works.
## Executing preremove script.
I got all inspired by my little interlude with Rothko earlier today, and when I went to put on clothing this morning, I noticed this shirt hanging in the closet. I actually bought it awhile ago, because it reminded me of a Rothko painting. Yes, I totally went out today in sandals and a short sleeved shirt, btw. It's one of many perks of living in this part of California... Mild winters! :)
Do you see this? Look on her, look, her lips,
We made a list on Wednesday night…and went grocery shopping after school Thursday. The time clincher was FRIDAY was the last day of pre-school..so we needed to have em done and dropped off at the school in time for her to pick them up that morning.
Margaret McSweeney lives with her husband, David and two teenage daughters in the Chicago suburbs. After earning a master’s degree in international business from the University of South Carolina, Margaret moved to New York City to work at a large bank where she met David. Margaret is the editor of Pearl Girls, author of A Mother’s Heart Knows and co-author of Go Back and Be Happy. Charity and community involvement are very important to Margaret. She has served on the board of directors for WINGS (Women in Need Growing Stronger) for over eight years. For more information, find Margaret at www.pearlgirls.info and www.kitchenchat.info.
Scott receives surgery, but recovery is slow, inhibiting him from gaining employment. A massive wave of guilt washes over him knowing his father toils all day. He struggles with how to make money to help his father, and through an oxycontin haze, realizes he will have to become the type of person he despises. Scott develops the skills of a professional thief, and breaks into upscale homes of those who have procured their riches through unlawful ways.
What if our Lord waited for the right kind of physical or emotional response before proceeding to do His Father’s will? What if He waited for “inner peace”? What if He would only go forward if His “inner spirit was prompted,” if “all the doors were opened,” or He felt “God was saying this” because of His circumstance? If God was speaking “through the circumstance” you’d think that Jesus would have divined the Father’s “will” to be “get out!”
I'm strengthening my heart
9:00 PM Los Angeles on 20th January 2012
But self-preservation aside, here's one reason why I think that we can believe them when they say their intention with 5e is to produce a version of D&D that gamers of all editions can play in their preferred style:
Despite the lies, the deceit, the games, the complete and utter fallacy you represent in my eyes now, this song still rings true. I hope you NEVER EVER play with someone’s heart the way u did mine. You disgust me in every way.
Two more things I like to talk about at year-ends: Music and Blawrgs.
This year Jayde tied for first place in an international folkloric competition held annually here in Paraguay.
It’s not just about the band playing either.
cutting its own magnificent path
Assemblyman Vito Lopez and his political allies have found a nifty way of ensuring good press: publishing their own newspaper — and you’re paying for it!
In real life, we don’t always get the girl, it’s not always our fault, and if we do always get the girl, we might want to find a way to keep her instead of trying to get another one. Love is hard and complicated and dealt with in different ways by different men. “Crazy, Stupid, Love” understands that.
I am diligently working away at finishing my Bugga vest (just seaming and bands left), but while you're waiting for the great unveil, I thought I'd share some pics of the world's smallest Bruins fan.Nora is a month old today, and it looks like I made the cardigan just the right size.And for anyone hoping the Bruins would lose Thursday night, my apologies, apparently it's mine and Nora's fault.
For an infant who is clearly struggling for air, a doctor may put in an artificial airway for a short period of time. This is very rarely needed.
Everyone is everyone of us
There will be at least two persons who enjoy multiple servings. One or two others are one-can consumers. Of course, left-over is not a bad thing and should be included in determining the amount of brew to acquire.
That the young man, a pupil, remain
born: unknown
UPDATE
I am so excited about this software, I have found a way for you to get it too—at an affordable price. Simply go to http://www.mymemories.com/digital_scrapbooking_software and use STMMMS66221 in the promo code box on the shopping cart page! You will get $10 off the software (reduced price of only $29.95), plus you get a coupon for $10 for the MyMemories online store.
Beginners always think that the best rakeback will be with the highest %. They are sort of right mathematically. But what’s the most important, is that almost always these high % rakebacks are offered by very small poker rooms which do not have traffic or smoothly running software.
The Ho Ho Ho set is a sleek collection with designs reminiscent of candy cane lane. The Snowmates set is sure to delight you just like winter’s first snowfall. And inspired by the holiday jingle “O Christmas Tree,” the O’Tannenbaum collection adds harmony to your tabletop. The evergreen accents are perfect for adding color to your meal, while invoking a sense of Christmas cheer.
To understand where to begin developing your strategic plan you have to elicit feedback from your customers (clients), and also talk to firm leadership about the overall business plan of your law firm. That means reaching up into the highest levels of firm management to understand the biggest picture. The litigation support department should fall in line with the overall law firm business plan.
And now onto my card for today. I used a few Stephanie Ackerman's stamps (bear and cupcake) from Purple Onion Designs and some papers from Simple Stories to create this vintage-y but cute card. I embossed the background kraft cardstock to give some texture and adhered the images with dimensional adhesive to pop them off the card.
However, if calorie-burning is your main goal, she does not recommend yoga as your sole means of exercise. ”Other types of activities such as cycling, running or vigorous dancing burn a lot more calories per hour as compared with yoga.”
Yoochun walk closer to his wife that wears a cute apron hug him from behind. Junsu gasp but smile and relax when he notice that it’s his husband.
with a stretched out black bauble
지휘봉 대신 mic를 들어 check it up now
Wishing everyone all the best over holidays general and specific -- Merry Christmas, Happy New Year, and an Enjoyable Lengthening of Days. May you be accompanied through the winter by wonderful books.
Weeds: Farfetched but Enjoyable is another one of my strongest blogs. What is unique about this blog is it branched out from the shows I usually write about (shows that air on ABC Family). It was fun to cover a different genre. One of the things that inspired me to write this post was the fact that I was about to go out and buy the new season of Weeds and I was looking forward to it. I was hoping to convey in my blog my anticipation of this purchase; I think that it was successful. I revised a little on this post; I added a brief summary of the plot of the show. I also made some of the sentences flow smoother and I added a colon into my title. Lastly, I think that my images I used provided strong visual appeal.
Put some greaseproof paper on a cake rack and set it aside.
#30 Quick and Easy Pizza
According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, a record 14 weather and climate disasters in 2011 caused $1 billion or more in damage, including the Alabama tornado that Roberts survived. At least 669 people died in these storms and thousands were injured.
And sang to a small guitar,
Three years later, my appetite was whet for change and challenge. The seed planted during that cold, wet, December visit, came to its fruition in the form of a west-bound cross country trip in the Spring of 2008. I had my dog, a great resume, and a friend with a futon in San Francisco.
Me: "Well, fuck."
We barely noticed the start of the game because we were too occupied marveling at the strength of the fairly small but voracious fan group, screaming and banging on the backs of chairs at Allianz stadium, cheering on the boys from Moore Park Road.
“Atlanta’s Sister Cities conference continues to build upon Atlanta’s legacy as the place to make international business connections,” said Sam A. Williams, president of the Metro Atlanta Chamber. “Energy efficiency and renewable energy are vital tools needed for our city’s continued economic development and quality of life.”
-SWERVE and NUKKIN YA by Phillip Gwynne. SWERVE is one of my all-time favourite YA titles as well.
For those of you who don't know, I am a HUGE fan of the Winnie the Pooh franchise. When I was pregnant with my son we didn't know if we were having a boy or girl until he was born, but you know what? It didn't matter. I was going to decorate the nursery with beautifully gender neutral Winnie the Pooh decals regardless.
Let’s look at the situation. In verse 15 they let her drive. They were adrift at sea. The storm was called Euroclydon which meant a nor’ eastern. There was an added fear that they would be headed for the quicksands of northernAfrica. Then there was the total uncertainty of their location for they were without human control.
Night: 2 tbsp brown rice with lot of dal and beetroot fry
Kindle note – your eBook cover will feature a small Kindle graphic on the lower right hand corner. Leave your book cover blank in that corner. Don’t put any important details there as it will be covered up with that graphic.
90+ IBU
Until I got it home. I didn't have the magic mirror or the sale ladies telling me how gorgeous I looked. I still liked it- don't get me wrong. But for the price of the dress ($90) and the belt ($50), I really needed to LOVE it. There were some make up marks in the white area that mostly came clean in the store (they used clorox type disposable wipes) but for $90, it needed to be perfect. So I decided to take it back.
Beth: I am with Teal and do not want to run that marathon again. The half? Sure! No, marathon! Ultimately I am SO proud of us – I think that we both still killed it in those horrible conditions. I like to believe that we are not only Marathoners but Survivors of horrid running conditions. Neither one of us had done THAT much running in light rain that’s actually enjoyable, so this was a huge unknown to us! Here’s to hoping Marathon No. 2 has good weather conditions!
“The racial targets that are being imposed on the faculty are excluding numerous white students and limiting their right to choose a career.”
Gregory: he’s the only one on the
Malema has paid little heed.
“Not yet,” Pitcher chuckled as he slipped the razor-sharp blade between the man’s ankles and cut the vines holding them together.
A deposition, or ‘examination before trial’ as it is known in some US states, is the oral testimony of a witness (the deponent) used in order to prepare for a trial. A written (and sometimes video and audio) recording of the deposition can then later be used in the discovery process and in court. The witness preparation allows the litigant parties in a case to view the evidence before the trial takes place, and can be useful in recording the testimony of the deponent whilst events are still ‘fresh’ if the trial is scheduled to happen some time later.
One Legged Hops (get up high, extend, 40m)
Artist : “The cow has eaten it”
Here is a close-up of an undersea poster that I am in the middle of coloring. It takes a long time to color each poster, but in the end it is really worth it!
that was 8 years ago, and i remember it like it was yesterday. since then, you have been my best friend. i can't imagine my life any other way than with you in it.
People are being dicks today. Like, out of the blue.
Where did the idea come from? Oh, that's another great story. Last year, I got an email from Dulcey, a librarian and master beader from Minnesota. Dulcey visited the Nordic Ware factory store (one of the benefits of living in Minnesota) and had a conversation with the staff. In the course of the casual conversation, she said "my friend" celebrated the bundt with I Like Big Bundts. We've never met. When she was leaving the store, the sale person ran over with a book (Bundt Entertaining), put it into her hands and said, "Please give this to your friend!" Dulcey described this to me in an email, and I responded...you are my best friend forever! When I picked up the book at the post office, it fell to the Doll Bundt page. I almost passed out laughing and cringing, right there in the post office (oh, the things the poor postal staff must see every day). Thanks Dulcey for the great bundt book...and for being my new BFF.
And now, here’s Antony:
Back at home, I enjoyed the chaos of getting Donald clothed, fed, and otherwise prepared for school, which is always fun. We dropped him off together and walked him all the way to the classroom which we aren't supposed to do. We have a conference with Mrs. Patrick tomorrow but she couldn't wait to show us a handwriting assignment he had done very well on. He has some fine motor problems and struggles with handwriting so we were very proud to see his work. He has an amazing teacher!
Dog unit metro officers walked up to the van in Clairwood, Durban, around 01:00 on Monday and saw a man in the front seat with a woman crouched on the floor, the Star newspaper reported.
It shall be lawful for no man, of what degree, or order so ever he be, to have at one time, any more than two ecclesiastical benefices: neither shall it be lawful for any man at all, to obtain two benefices, if they be distant more than xxvj. miles.
The Amazing Health Benefits of Cauliflower
Those who speak know nothing
The book consists of 7 chapters that are packed with about 500 photos and captions.There are chapters dedicated to aircraft storage and transport by the company Koninklijke Saan, the relocation of all aircraft of the Aviodome at Schiphol Airport to the Aviodrome at the airport of Lelystad; the recovery and transport of aircraft and helicopters by the Recovery Team of the Royal Air Force and the use of air cushions for aircraftrecovery and equipment in the airport operation. You can see loads of pictures from lifting and transport activities. There are also photographs included of salvage operations of the Boeing 737 of Turkish Airlines and Saab 340 of KLM which crashed in the vicinity and at Schiphol Airport and the MD 88 at Eelde who overran the runway while taking off. Also some cases from abroad are included and much more.
Avenging Spider-Man #5
Within days of the tsunami, the nation's potassium iodide pills—which counteract the effects of radioactive iodine—sold out. The Food and Drug Administration banned vegetable and milk imports from provinces near the reactor. Just the other day, the Environmental Protection Agency reported that traces of cesium-137 had been found in milk in Vermont, while elevated levels of other radioactive isotopes were showing up in samples from Phoenix and Los Angeles. And more than a dozen cities have detected radiation in their drinking water. Despite reassurances that elevated levels of other radioactive isotopes in milk and drinking water are not dangerous, some health departments are still advising cautionary measures, like a blanket avoidance of drinking rainwater...
Oh yeah, absolutely, let me send someone down there to relieve you, Bragor. You really must need a break what with how hard you’ve been working keeping an eye on Sylvanas and making sure she doesn’t get up to anything fishy like developing more of Putress’s plague, and – OH WAIT, SHE TOTALLY DID. How about you DO YOUR FUCKING JOB SUCCESSFULLY before you ask for a vacation? Hey, pro tip, if you spend two years fighting the minions of a diabolical mastermind, like say, I don’t know, some FUCKING SHIMMERY WINGED UNDEAD GIANTS, and one day you see them just hanging out in one of the capital cities of the Horde, and instead of being KILLED LIKE THE BLOOD ENEMIES THEY ARE, it seems like they’re just chilling with one of our leaders, you know, maybe you want to check up on that.
At this time of year, the woods are rather stark and open with all the deciduous leaves gone from the branches. Or almost all, I should say: here and there, a stiff brown oak or beech leaf clings on through the worst of winter.
Fail Six: Is it two artichokes or half an artichoke per order? As we were waiting, the waitresses behind me were cleaning up some sort of mess on the floor with Windex. Two of them collided, and artichokes went all over the floor. Some questionable cleaning (looks like they were spreading salt or some other granulated substance thinly on the the floor) went on, and one waitress came out, looked confused, turned to our table, and offered us the plate of artichokes. We got the feeling that she forgot which table ordered it so it was easier just to give it to us. We took the plate only to discover that it was only half an artichoke and a pile of artichoke leaves arranged to look like another artichoke. I was wondering if they had intentions on sending that as a full order, because it seemed to be lacking one and a half artichokes. Also, Michelle is still waiting after 45 minutes for the second cocktail she ordered.
The clerk jotted the amount on her paper. “And what else?”
This week marks six months of me being in Ghana. The time has flown by and looking back, I’m slightly perturbed by how little I’ve seemed to accomplish. That’s not to say I haven’t been busy with work, because I have. It’s more a statement on the time periods involved in actually seeing processes or attitudes change – time periods that I’m not even sure are feasible to think about for people who will only be around for one or two years. Everyone in development will tell you that real change takes time, even Ghanaians will tell you that (Biela biela in Dagbani or Kakra kakra in Twi – meaning small small or slowly slowly), but its glacial pace can sometimes take its toll on someone in-country working towards it.
Remembering those two perfect weeks makes me want to go back. Here is a taste of how beautiful the house was so you know what I mean.
through troubles
To register for the “National Press Club 5K: Beat the Deadline,” visit www.press.org. Pre-registration is $30 for general registration and $25 for NPC members/students. Registration fee is $35 two weeks before the race, and $40 for race day registration. Melissa Charbonneau, 5K Vice Chair, at melcharbonneau@aol.com.
Colour of skin? They cant do that can they? Length of time as an EU citizen? cant do that either as once you are an EU citizen you are eligible.
Proud and passionate city—mettlesome, mad, extravagant city!
The landscape is also changing on how technology is deployed. Cloud computing, mobility, virtualization and big data are challenges for your IT department. Collaborating with internal and external project teams add complexity and security worries. Outsourcing and managed services are becoming common place. Standardization offers advantages and working with an all Microsoft or all Oracle-based system minimizes security holes, reduces software development time and eases support complexities. That alignment converts to long-term relationships and exceptional outcomes.
These are the kinds of conversations that occur in my office. These are all from yesterday.
3. Nothing much with respect to the title other than a few instances (The title is important because a Chetan Bhagat book is keenly awaited. And with a title like Revolution 2020, you associate something more than just rehashed versions of movie scripts)
someone else towards you and to cause someone to come in your direction. Therefore,
I’ve managed to hang onto my cassette Walkman though, and so I rise to me feet, walking around the cell whilst listening to me soothing and numbing tunes. The two orange cushions pushed firmly into my ears as I begin to sing out a drunken chorus.
“Officers are actively pursuing the case and following a number of lines of enquiry.”
Considering that my one hill of cucumber plants has already produced dozens of pickles, I decided that it was time for me to make a batch of cukes n' onions for my very own fridge. I've already canned pickles and made a delicious cucumber ribbon salad and more tiny little cucumbers keep showing up on the vine in my garden! It was definitely time for this nostalgic recipe. One of the great things about grandma's recipe is that when you eat all of the yummy pickles from the marinade, you don't need to start over. You can just add more sliced cucumbers to the vinegar-sugar-cream mixture.
Um. Ok.
The tragedy in Tucson, AZ over the weekend is also affecting the baseball world.
medicine foods and teas… people gather here for many reasons both inspiring and healing… including refuge….as they
-in return you get my personal daily coaching
Who is humbly asking you to share this burden with her by sharing the needs of these children? This sister.
So I think I'm going to have to sign off for a week or two. We'll see what happens. In the meantime, you can check out my revamped FAQ page via the tab at the top, if you find that you're missing my voice. I might also update my Lazy Girl's Twitter on the sidebar.
Roads are designed for motorized vehicles.
Cook the noodles al dente according to the directions on the package. Drain them well and spread them out onto aluminum foil or waxed paper to prevent them from sticking.
I could've...but I didn't.
Several years ago, my husband and I found ourselves repeating certain ideas again and again to our daughter, Ada. These weren’t directives like “Eat your green beans,” but more general instructions along the lines of “Stay calm, honey.”
Yes…..quality time at home with your hot biker babe thanks to BMW.
exactly what is wrong. She can't find the
Feeling outfit inspired for LMFF with Aimee Song.
Charleen Touchette
“Never has it evil seen,
Authors: Judy Baer, Gwen Ford Faulkenberry, Tricia Goyer, Sharon Hinck, Keri Wyatt Kent, Erin Keeley Marshall, Camy Tang
As a teaser to myself, and to whoever it is that manages to stumble into this corner of cyberspace, here are two images from "ze book". It will be out... soon.
Study of philosophical works, right thinking, exercise of good and noble emotions, prayers and beneficent endeavors and, above all, regular and strenuous meditation are the means to improve the mind. These will bring about the rapid evolution of the mind. When the mind is purified, a hole is formed in the center through which purity, light and knowledge flow from Brahman.
Husband had organised a lovely pontoon style boat for the afternoon, complete with BBQ and toilet, for a three hour sojourn around the Noosa River. The toilet was specifically for me as I am the only one in the entire family (which includes grandparents) who needs to piddle every hour or so. If we are driving any distance it's me screaming "are we there yet" due to irritable bladder. Irritable bladder, irritable bowel, irritable sinus, irritable ovaries .... just plain irritable. I can't even take the kids to Sky Fire in Canberra because I would need to line up for most of the festivities with a thousand others to pee in one of the few public toilets. Time for me to start wearing nappies? So we paid the extra eighty bucks for the deluxe model so that I could pee without having to dive into the river to do that whole floating-while-you-pee-with-legs-dangling-and-marine-life-swimming-and-it's-freaking-me-out-so-much-I-may-just-have-a-heart-attack-and-die thing. The thought of things swimming around me without me knowing scares the bejesus out of me. Damn you Jaws!! Yes, yes, yes ... I know ... high maintenance. So, we got the one with the toilet. And oh what a toilet it was!! It was a tiny little thing only 30 cm above the ground (those regular squats at PT are worth something!) which came with its own pop up tent for privacy. I'm not sure which was worse ... the idea of Jaws swimming around me in the river or being trapped in a 50cm x 50cm zippered box. Anyway, I had a toilet ... let's get back to the floating ...
1 enough--hold
In death, defeat, and sisters’, mothers’ tears.
Email me at byloridesigns(at)gmail(dot)com with BLD29 Winner in the subject.
Lisa looks embarrassed and I just laugh!
So, we talked about the materials we'd need:
Despite the visitors’ early dominance Grant Holt was almost celebrating the opener as he nodded a ball past Hart who was tangling with Aaron Wilbraham after a corner. It looked destined to be the first goal of the game but for a goalline clearance courtesy of the head of Joleon Lescott.
Is there anyone in need of prayer,
“Thrill seeking is the major reason for participating in this game,” said Dr. Michael Butkus, Assistant Professor/Psychologist, Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Neurosciences at the Wayne State University School of Medicine.
I want gin.
Rather than the rule of men and do what is right, avoid dirty politics and stop practicing the kind of democracy we have in this country, what we have is not the democracy practiced in other countries, ours is a government for a few, by a few and of a few!
Samir Ben-Said Nasri
We, therefore, the Representatives of the united States of America, in General Congress, Assembled, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the Name, and by Authority of the good People of these Colonies, solemnly publish and declare, That these United Colonies are, and of Right ought to be Free and Independent States; that they are Absolved from all Allegiance to the British Crown, and that all political connection between them and the State of Great Britain, is and ought to be totally dissolved; and that as Free and Independent States, they have full Power to levy War, conclude Peace, contract Alliances, establish Commerce, and to do all other Acts and Things which Independent States may of right do. And for the support of this Declaration, with a firm reliance on the protection of divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes and our sacred Honor.
Eli MacKinnon
It sucks being broke . It sucks not having money . But life sucks even more when you let your money have control over you . Remember the old D . A . R . E . slogan ? "Just say no". Well , with money , it's the same thing . It can have control over our lives if we let it . We work so hard , our husbands work so hard to bring that paycheck in . Let's keep it . Let's tell it where to go and what to do . Because if we don't , it's going to go anyways , and we will be left with the bill .
