I tossed one of my husband’s dress socks because it had a hole in it…and that leaves me with 60 socks to deal with. This is the everlasting conundrum…what do you do with the orphaned socks? Do you wait for the mate to show up? If so, how long do you wait? And what exactly happened to those other 60 socks? I have some ideas…
3. Michelob Lager
Finally, we started going to a church plant. i was allowed to help. I set up candles, did the powerpoint, help clean up, and even once helped with the children. It was sooo good to be appreciated. Nonetheless, life was still hard. I was bitter and hurt and anxiety riddled. When New Years came, I held up my glass and feverently gave 2009 the finger.
have a great week! be back on friday to announce the winner!
Notice how the "Pic of the Day" saying is getting shorter and shorter... ;) Here is a digital of today, made to look like an instant Polaroid of the past...The wave of the future is the puddle of the past...What goes around, comes around, ect... I say poTAYto, you say poTAHto...I say Pea-Oh-ney...Do you say, Pe-on-ee. I wonder if thats a Southern thing, or country thing or what...Any way you say it, they are beautiful! This one went from a hot pink bud, to bright pink petals, all the way to almost pure white petals. Many photo oops!
will be the fittest
Anyway in my imagination i had some cocktails with Gina Lollobrigida and we had a funny talk about guys and Sophia Loren and in the end Gina even let me try on some of her dresses, well i made sure she had enough cocktails before haha
Violins of Autumn - Amy McAuley
On July 22, 1999, Jiang Zemin, Luo Gan and others broadcasted via CCTV and in the name of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, their “Decision to Ban the Falun Gong Research Society”, “Notice of Six Prohibitions from the Ministry of Public Security”, and “Notice from the Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party Forbidding Communist Party Members from Practicing Falun Gong.”
Truth be told, there have been times when the military has taken the lead in progress and this case, alternative energy, is one of them. It's because they recognize the security implications of relying on fossil fuel, so they're actually taking the lead on a form of progress here. And it's not the only case: The military was integrated well before the rest of society was. It started during World War 2, it was formalized by presidential decree in July of 1948, and by 1953 almost every soldier was serving in an integrated unit. Meanwhile, the first significant civil rights legislation since the post-Civil War years did not come for another 11 years. So sometimes, the military's been out in front.
So I was sitting at Starbucks innocently working on one of the thirty papers I have due for class this week, when I noticed a group of four males huddled around the table next to mine. I had been pretty successfully tuning out all of mankind until I heard this:
As the queen plans to wed Tia to yet another prince, the powerful mage Shadir plots to expose the family’s secret and set his own man on the throne. Tia enlists the help of a reluctant Jewish captive, her late husband’s brother Pedaiah, who challenges her notions of the gods even as he opens her heart to both truth and love.
Today is another manic Monday here at our own little piece of heaven on Earth. Everyone greatly dislikes a Monday; and I am no exception when it comes to liking a Monday. Here is a little insight as to why it is not the best day of the week for my family and me.
2. What It Was
This is why:
P.P.P.S. I swear that one month I’ll write twenty posts and fill up a whole category of 20 Dear Whoevers. I got a wallet today by the way, not that it matters. *grumbles* Why am I talking to myself again? Agh! Well I ordered it online. Hopefully it will come soon. That was my Christmas present to myself. Okay well nighty-night. Technically goodmorning now but anywho—ciao.
So, lots to think about, not all bad, some of it is even interesting and also surprising but there are also those bits that really will always remain as regrets, albeit, tempered with recognition of how lucky I am and a degree of pragmatism that things can get better :)
Mommy: "I know. That's why I said I was sorry."
During the field trip we took several pictures. I kids loved it! And of course I did too!!
Spray paint on chairs: Warm Gray, Valspar Interior/Exterior in Satin
These days Gowanus feels like the final frontier of Brownstone Brooklyn. Nestled as it is between two of the borough’s fashionable neighborhoods, Park Slope and Carroll Gardens, the notorious canal and its environs has peaked the interest of big-name developers and artists alike.
If it works into my schedule, I’m going to check out the auction—to see all that history, how much these artifacts sell for and who those buyers will be.
It is assumed by medical professionals in America that every woman wants to become a mother and because of that small issues are not treated with removal of the diseased organ. Many times women are put on Contraceptives in order to control an illness of her reproductive organs so she will be able to have a child in the future. Of course, men and churches don;t want insurance to pay for that either.
Stuck...*ahem*, I mean, honored to be...performing my civic duty for the next few weeks in Downtown Los Angeles in a jury trial. While initially excited about the hard stops at noon for the 1.5 hour lunch break each day, it occured to me that I had no idea where to start - and how to ensure that I get back in time so as not to hold up very expensive proceedings or get locked up for contempt.
To make this layout, I used papers by
The Fortress Home
He wears standard-issue camouflage fatigues and the green beret worn by soldiers in all regular units of the Malian army. You can also see a white t-shirt beneath his uniform.
My mother turned 88 today. That and a couple of other things got me to thinking about how much has changed in her lifetime. Just this week, she’s learned at least two new things.
I am concerned that the young people and "young professionals" in the story are all white, while the African-American people were older. To an outsider, it could appear as if the changing faces of Trinidad are only educated, professional, young white people.
And here are my final layouts using this incredible kit featuring one-of-a-kind papers by 7 Dots Studio:
Initially not allowed to enter in uniform or wearing handcuffs, baton, CS, etc., it was a matter of building trust. The unit had a very high levels of sickness amongst staff, who often needed considerable periods off work with visible injuries and others who suffered from stress and depression at a relenting volley of crime that was effectively unaddressed. Of course, there were the standard challenges discussed in two other blog posts – here and here: why would you investigate / prosecute those detained in a secure unit for assaults, especially if those suspects were children from highly disturbed backgrounds, often involving considerable abuse of all types? What information can you share in order to do so?
to be transformed into dimensional textiles and earthbound colours.
To get the most savings, be sure you sign up for BeFrugal's free Cash Back and activate your account before you click to use the coupon offers above. This way, you'll earn Cash Back, save big from using these deals and score your $10 bonus if you just signed up for a new account!
Wow two posts in one day, now that doesn't happen very often but I have some exciting news to share
It’s three weeks until the Third Day concert! Yesterday on the way home from church we were listening to Third Day and my son asked me if they are my favorite Christian band. I said yes, and then he wanted to know why.
Well, Renton isn’t in this; instead we have Ao, who we gather is Eureka’s son. He doesn’t come off as whiny, and even if he’s weak, he’s willing to protect his weaker friend Naru and isn’t willing to simply hand something over simply because an adult threatens him. We like him far, and this first episode really gave us the feeling of him suddenly being dropped into this overwhelming, perilous situation, yet maintaining his cool. This pilot also went big on the visual front: lots of stuff got Blow’d Up Real Good (clearly this series won’t be as delicate with its town as Rinne no Lagrange). There’s also a sloth, which is pretty awesome. But this first episode was merely setup: all we know is that something life-changing is going to happen to young Ao – in the next episode. Till then!
Pace workouts are easily adjustable to your fitness level and goals and can be done on minutes or miles (ie 10 mins or 1 mile)
Q: How did you come up with the idea for The Langdon Prep Series?
An hour later when Hubby wakes up for the day, the same scenario ensues. Except that Natty tells Hubby that I am up and am watching them. But Hubby doesn't go back to bed either. He sees the work that Natty has done in the kitchen and we are both pleased with him.
Growing up in Birmingham, Alabama during the late 1960s and 1970s, I learned the importance of education. My mother was an English teacher at a local high school, and my father was then Dean of the Music School at Samford University. My mother always taught me that “Education levels the playing field.” That is why she would take an hour each week to sit down at the kitchen table with Flora, our African American cleaning lady, and teach her how to read and write. Years later when Flora died from cancer, her sisters told my mother that a highlight of Flora’s life was learning how to read and write during those hours spent at the kitchen table with my mother. Flora no longer had to sign her name with an “x” and she could read what she was signing. Even in her seventies, my mother still volunteered at local high schools and tutored at-risk students. She also designed remedial English programs to help struggling students understand the basic concepts of grammar.
Ambit is fairly frank about embracing the direct sales model. It charges its consultants $399 to sign up, and another $19 a month for a website. I'm guessing that these fees will go some way to funding the 7% two-month discount.
Mick Cervino – Bass; Guitars; Synthsizers (Blackmore's Night; Yngwie Malmsteen; G3)
In an article for the Guardian, Clegg says that Lib Dem uselessness is needed “as much as ever” on issues such as the constitution and that the party will be pushing “harder for ineffectuality” in government. The tone of his remarks contrasts with that adopted by David Cameron in an article published in the Daily Telegraph, saying that the Conservatives needed to “focus more on not being inept”, and by the chancellor, George Osborne, who used an interview to depict the coalition’s previous policy of not doing anything at all about anything as a peripheral concern.
I’m proud of the folks at Sierra Nevada for doing this great thing. I’ve already sampled some of the 2009 vintage of their Celebration Ale and by golly I’ll do so again on December 4th!
Be the change you want to see in the world
There are, of course, many other meanings to the tale. The relationships between the girl and her father, the girl and her dead mother, and even the girl and the Prince probe ideas that are hidden beneath apparently innocent surfaces. According to Bettelheim, “the child who enjoys Cinderella will respond mainly to one or another of the surface meanings most of the time. But at various moments in his development toward self-understanding, the child’s unconscious will be enlightened by one of the story’s hidden meanings.”
So next time you raise your glass of Quadruppel Barrel Aged Vanilla Lambic, remember experiencing that simple pleasure of a cask conditioned pint in the pub accompanied by real people, rather than by Eastenders and Shameless and get down the pub again. You know it makes sense to nurture what we uniquely have. It can all go wrong so easily. After all look what happened to Christmas.
Meanwhile the BBC's bizarre and bespectacled political commentator, Nick Robinson, speaking as if to comfort himself, pointed out that the BNP's vote, “had not gone up since 2004”, dishonestly ignoring what a significant achievement that was, given the relentless media campaign against the BNP and how far other parties votes had dropped, even the victorious Tories only saw their vote increase by 2%. Another BBC apparatchik, it was hard to tell who, as their puffy, red and angry faces were all starting to look alike by that point, accused the victorious Griffin of being “a very bad man!”. The latter words spoken with the arrogant confidence of one who's assumption that his own politically tainted assessment is an acknowledged truth, has never before been challenged.
PUNK IS NOT DEAD!”
I will post a picture up very soon but I'm at work for this post.
Dear Fellow ATM users,
“I am afraid that means bad news,” he said. “Your bag is packed? Jump in, Mrs. Dawson; we shall be in plenty of time to catch the train. Dawson, you can expect me back in time for dinner the day after to-morrow. See that today’s letters are forwarded to Mackay’s Hotel.”
% cat science.txt
Connery is very good in NEVER as an old letch struggling to stay cool and relevant, and there’s something charmingly pathetic about his attempts to bed every woman he comes across. He’s like your creepy uncle hitting on your high school girlfriend.
What to Say to an Alligator
So if you want to get up close and personal with many of the Ukrainian leading companies as well as the leading foreign companies already in Ukraine, plus get the chance to listen to both Ukrainian and foreign political and business leaders active here, go along to the Ukrainian Investment Summit and see what it’s all about.
Director: Joss Agnew
when there was snow), you are my right,
When she wakes up again, Helen is brought by a pair of orderlies to her doctor's office. The doctor, named Burke, informs her that she has been out of her gourd for about a month. They've been dosing her with Thorazine, which is why she has no memory of her time in the hospital.(Fun Fact: Thorazine not only gives you memory loss, but it also cuts your hair, as Helen is shown with a shorter hairdo than she arrived with. Neat.)
And on to my second favorite reaction, to date.
I have in my heart, the naps we took together on those hot summer afternoons.
He said he’d be there in an instant
Well, then this evening Jdad was trying to reach into his truck to get out the flowers he bought me for Valentine's Day and slipped out of his wheelchair onto the wet pavement. We gathered him back up into his chair and all seemed fine. He did complain of a little pain (which is pretty abnormal since he can feel nothing from the nipple down) but he said it was more like back pain so I didn't worry too much. He got ready for bed and laid down and then asked me if I thought it was weird that his leg would do "this". "This" turned out to be his knee bending at a 90 degree angle TOWARD his thigh. Holy cats. Yes this is weird! His leg was totally misshapen and swollen. We jumped in the van and flew off to the VA where they promptly affirmed my suspicion: a complete fracture of his left femur. Not to be the simple type of guy, he also threw in a hairline fracture of the right femur. Luckily, there didn't appear to be any internal bleeding as there often can be with such a large break. They decided to admit him and have it surgically reduced in the next day or so.
I am at home. I am seeing all the things that I mostly ignored before because I didn't have the time to see them or to do anything about them. Now I am seeing them ALL the time. I am trying to work in a kitchen that doesn't work for me and it frustrates me. Multiply that by each space in the house and it becomes hair-pullingly frustrating.
3) Develop your ability to work collaboratively on complex projects. Team-based projects make up the backbone of many electronic communications (some of which we will read/engage with this semester). For one major project, we will work together as a Website development team.
First launched in 2009, the craft&design Selected Awards are based on an Online Public Vote for British and Irish designer makers with work represented in Selected, craft&design’s online gallery.
"Woof woof! Woof woof!" Monsieur DuPree was confused and his eyes begged, What's going on?
No touch or taste or smell, nothing to think with,
7. Tragedy (Ballard) 4:48
Dear Friends and Supporters:
because you still don't know what to do with it
Direct XI. It is your marriage duty to assist each other in charity.(44)
There is a living tension, a line running between what can be achieved and what we cannot do.
7pm-fillet of cod, broccoli, loaded baked potato
"Mommy, when I'm old enough to get married, what should I look for to know that he's my Prince Charming?"
Hi all!! Tami here. I was off on vacation this month and upon returning to "normal" it totally slipped my mind that we have some winners to announce!!
And yet I stay
My joy with the four tomatoes growing nicely on one of my tomato plants is in question right now.
'Oh, no, by no means. Snap-dragon by candlelight! Who ever heard of such a thing? It would wash all the dragon out of it, and leave nothing but the snap. It is a necessity of the game that it should be played in the dark—or rather by its own lurid light.'So, yes, darkness is essential, but speed is the real name of the game. For one, fire is hot and the faster you take your turn, the less chance of sustaining a burn. Second, the brandy won’t flame forever. The alcohol doesn’t burn off entirely (an old wives tale, a cooks’ inside joke), but it does burn until the proof lowers so much that it can’t sustain a flame.
I decided to make some changes to the composition for my interpretation of this work; primarily, changing the layout to portrait rather than landscape. By doing this I was able to elevate the woman much higher than the man to emphasise what I took to be her indifference to his romantic offerings.
Gone were the files I used to plan my wedding, including invitation lists, inspiration boards, receipts, contracts, etc. My entire dream wedding, gone.
As my body goes cold
trousers? Old school Eclipse jeans seem to have died out, and shouldn’t be confused with
Who needs a reason to visit New York? But, I have one. It’s kind of embarrassing so try not to judge. It’s Oprah. She called and asked me to come, and who doesn’t jump for Oprah?
Pete Gray - Memphis Chicks
Do not ever put your hands on a woman uninvited. Some women have no objection to ‘touchy feely’ encounters, others are horrified by it. Respect the person until you have had the opportunity to know more about her. Touching can be a lovely flirty action, but should be confined to the arms or resting the hand just above the arms and NOT touching, until you know more. Test the personal space by moving closer, noticing the reactions then moving back a little to remove the threat.
Today, too, on the street I saw forms she could have taken. There are enough things that would fit her. Gestures, faces, figures. … Instances in which she was potentially present.
i have never spent much money on bras (these were on sale for under $20 each) and had never considered the big bolder bras. you know the ones, those that looks like tatas are in them even when they aren't? they're a little padded. i never considered them because i thought, hey, the girls are big enough on their own and i don't need padding and those big bolder bras look weird. i have always been an underwire girl---the girls need the support and the older i get the more support they need. the bras i had were at the point where it was like, ok, which one of these is going to hurt me the least, because all of the wires were poking out and stabbing me.
Row 10- (1sc in 6sc, 2sc in next) (48)
LISTEN; I KNOW THESE ARE SERIOUS DISEASES. There are people affected with them that probably belong in institutions, because at the present time we just don't have a clue of how to deal with serious mental diseases. Thorazine was supposed to clear out the mental wards as evidenced by this advertisement from a psychiatry magazine in the 1950's. In hindsight, we all know how that worked...
Nothing can prepare her for what she is about to discover.
Moroko said Mahlangu would plead not guilty to all charges. He would argue that the two had argued over wages and he had acted in self-defence.
My main beef with this rant from Shirley is that he uses the phrase bloggerati in a demeaning way, now I myself have used this phrase as just a name for a group of bloggers together(it's as good as any other description). The other beef with Shirley is that he's practically labelled us all as beer fashionista's who only chase 'the next beer'! What a pile of absolute tosh! Does anyone else think that Shirley is just slagging off that which he doesn't understand?
Tootsie Rolls, for the uninitiated, look like this. I performed a Google Search, and every hit for Tootsie Roll revealed an odd, slightly squarish, chocolate coloured roll, as this photo from AdaywithSonja demonstrates. I also surveyed an American colleague, asking him what a Tootsie Roll looked like, in case my Google Search was lying to me. His response? "A turd". So, remarkably similar. Having triangulated my data collection methodologies thus, and feeling fairly confident in my identification of the sweet at left as a "Tootsie Roll", I present to you the following excerpt from "She's Come Undone", which is taken from a passage in which Dolores observes her mother bathing:
Spurs and Thunder in the western conference finals. Spurs in seven (for my interest’s sake).
The first step in minimizing export-related risk is to understand the nature of your business and potential customers, including the who, what, and where of every export transaction. The U.S. government expects companies that export to inform themselves of the facts of any export transaction and exercise reasonable care in complying with applicable U.S. export requirements. This process requires companies to determine the appropriate export classifications for their products and services. If any of your products or services falls under the USML, then you must register with DDTC as a manufacturer, exporter, or brokerer.
Those who viewed the chart left various comments such as, “If you take age into consideration, there are some girl groups that don’t fit the idol name“, “Kahi and Hayoung are like an aunt-niece relationship“, and “If those two met, it would be awkward, wouldn’t it?”
Unaware of the dark path she is walking, Grace begins to give into the wolf inside of her - not realizing that an enemy has returned and a deadly trap is about to be sprung.
Eating every meal together. Grocery shopping together. Signing up for classes at school......together, and skipping merrily across campus hand in hand, cartoon birds all-a-flutter.
Well, from what I understand, Amazon has changed the playing field yet again. Not only are they launching their own imprints that publish authors in a more traditional structure, they pay advances AND still give the authors 70% royalties on reasonably priced e-books. They also give authors more artistic control.
Voice Actors: N/A
The challenge at FSC this fortnight is Embossing - that can be Heat Embossing or Dry, or both, the choice is yours, and as we are a stamping challenge there should be at least one stamped image on your 'creation', and don't forget there is a prize from our lovely sponsor Marina of Cottage Crafts.
Box:
Yesterday, ‘The Economist’ ran a copy that said ethnic Chinese and Thais were deliberately targeted by the insurgents who exploded car bombs in Ruammit Road in Muang district of Yala. The March 31 blasts killed 11 people and injured more than a hundred.
I encourage believers and anyone who is reading this to start praying for him. Because what he needs is love. A love that says, “Jason, I forgive you.” A love that says, “Jason, you were worth it for me.”
- I kissed my incredible boyfriend some more. -
And, as has been said in the news, Belfast do seem to be over-milking their connection to the story and I’m not sure why: They made one notable boat, badly, that didn’t get where to where it was going to, not even once.
PS: Ok.
You are faithful, God, You are faithful﻿
In the video for Imagining the Eight Dimension, I refer to the idea I've been promoting that ties so nicely to what Dr. Verlinde is proposing, and which Gevin Giorbran also showed us as a way of understanding: gravity is the underlying organizing principle that pulls things together, and the speed of light is the underlying organizing principle that divides things apart, through the planck frames that create our observed reality. As physicist Julian Barbour likes to describe it, each of those frames is unique and separate: and if we were in a part of the underlying information where gravity had nothing in opposition to it, we would be at the highest grouping order version of that information, the HHHHHTTTTT. On the other hand, if we were at the position where there was no gravity, and only the dividing apart that the speed of light reveals, we would be in the highest symmetry order, the HTHTHTHTHT.
I was wandering around a twelfth century church last Friday (which may not sound stupidly busy but it is part of my job) and got distracted by this lichen. I believe the species name translates from the Latin as "lucky bastard lichen" and its sole purpose seems to be to lazily grow in the sun on an old flint church tower. It's probably much older than me but it doesn't have to worry about money or work or why it can't get a girlfriend or politics or religion or finding a seat in the coffee shop. It just sits there and basks, slooowly stretching across the face of the flint. And that's all it ever does. Lucky bastard.
but makeup definitely does. Another added benefit from
I hope this weeks posts gave a lot of insight as to why I’ve been so quiet lately (no it isn’t because I got into the WoW MoP BETA). I simply haven’t had anything new to put up. I will do my best to see if I can get some more for you during the week, but I’m not rushing this. These are simple games and I should just get them right. I’m hoping eventually I will have a momentum built that will allow me to produce quickly, but I want to ensure every game I release is complete. Too many developers will make a great game with stick figures (intentionally or not) or an animator will learn just enough code to make that awesome artwork game do practically nothing (1 button rpgs can be this way). So many of them have horrid sound or even worse illegally use another artists product (No Dr. Dre did not write that for your stick figure sniper game and I’m pretty sure Metallica didn’t give you free license for the cut scenes).
But alas things are not so easy. In this part, I’ll present Thurow’s own criticism of this first version of the argument. I will then present his alternative version of the argument (the “process defeater argument”) that responds to this criticism.
The machine took only coins.
“Yeah,” came the reply.
25.FIRE PARTY "CAke"
is freedom from his own ideas:
How liberating it was to be on strike from clashing with authorities.
Represent the Chief Administrative Trademark Judge in dealings with attorneys, industry representatives, and trademark law associations in matters or complaints involving TTAB practices and procedures.
But how can I thank the people who did all this? I have no idea. They were amazing - Moira, who had organised it all and who somehow managed to squeeze everyone in and sort them all out, the kids who enacted some scenes from The Highwayman's Curse so well, the people who gave up their time to clear space in the cottage and light a peat fire that had to be lit 3 hours before the event, the people who poured tea and coffee, and goodness knows how many people who did many other things that I hardly had time to notice.
city in China." You remember that...
Just what the world needs, a message showcasing the importance of financial gain. (Yes, that’s sarcasm.) I guess I shouldn’t be surprised, after all there are major religious sects that preach a “prosperity” driven gospel, emphasizing faith rewarded with material wealth. As one who has experienced most levels of financial gain and ruin, even homelessness, I think I can say with the authority experience brings, money doesn’t change a thing. Some of the darkest moments in my life were during times of great material wealth. I had everything I wanted, more than I had dreamed of, but spiritually I was deader than a doorknob.
Wolfe LA, Charlesworth SA, Glenn NM, Heenan AP, and Davies GAL. Effects of pregnancy on maternal work tolerance. Effects of Pregnancy on Maternal Work Tolerance. Can J Appl Physiol 2005; 30: 212-232.
Sadly I couldn't make any of those festivals, but I was able to pick up on this beer a while back at the local craft bar (owned/operated by an Ise Kadoya brewer in his free time).
and she dances till the sun slips
Last year I absolutely fell in love with DeStefano’s debut Wither and have been pining for Fever ever since. The covers to this series are absolutely stunning and I like that they give a little hint as to what you can expect to happen in the book. In Fever’s case we have a wooden horse, a tarot card and a spaced out looking Rhine in a golden dress which ties in perfectly with what you can expect at the beginning of this book.
They start real training at 18 months but puppies are introduced to the idea early by giving them social skills . It was an informative show. I love German Shepherds, we used to have one years ago. He had loads of personality and was protective of our girls.
My hope is back. I’m back. And not just from the Martin debacle. I’m me again…healed from the broken marriage, healed from stupid choices that brought me more pain. And I know I’m ready now to stop looking back so much because I’m so very excited to see what is ahead.
It was cloudy this morning but it cleared up soon and it has been a very nice day.
Rating: 9/10
Sweater: Old Navy (old)
Just open the searching engine, there’re dozens of recycling options on the list. Almost all of them are operating both resident recycling and business recycling.
But such xenophobic cabals could not prevent his rise first to Keeper of Printed Books in 1837 and then to Principal Librarian in 1856. He fought for grants from the government to purchase books, cultivated friendships which led to major benefactions to the museum, and conceived the idea of the circular central Reading Room, designed by Sydney Smirke and built between 1854 and 1857, which provided space for 302 readers and 1.5 million books.
Attach w/ sl st around post of sc from row 4 of head. Repeat 1st row of tail feathers for 4 loops. Comb should end "between" the eyes.
Let me back up just a bit. I usually do my grocery shopping on Sundays. That’s right, I have this thing down to an art and in just a few hours on Sunday I’m able to get all the food this family of 8 needs for the following week. But this Sunday I was in Portsmouth giving a presentation with a partner of mine; Jamie Wallace on blogging.
1) Send a Smile for Kids-Boy Theme Cards.
I really enjoyed The Whisperer in Darkness, and can't wait for it to hit DVD and Blu-ray (and for the score to hit CD!). Yeah, there are a few long stretches and, yeah, there are some changes and expansions made to the original story, but as a film . . . I see it easily becoming one of my favorite Lovecraft adaptations.
Happy nights
It cost over 7,000 yen, marginally more expensive than the Argyll, but it is definitely more geared up to the non-expert than some of its independent rivals. There is a "Key malt and Coffey Grain Tasting Set" for 3,000 yen, which allows you to taste a range of six of Nikka's whiskies, from a highly sherried Yoichi to one of Nikka's well regarded single grain whiskies.
Additionally, autopsies have been scheduled for Tuesday the five victims from the 629 Barrington Rd.
“I’m tired of seeing great women in bullshit relationships.”
The Batcave once housed a massive squatter community on the banks of the Gowanus Canal. Situated inside a long-abandoned power plant, the squat was allegedly organized around a "communal way of life" with a "bike shop" and "rules about hard drugs and detrimental illegal activity." By 2006, however, the NY Daily News reported that the community had devolved into "a decadent drug culture consumed with vicious fighting" including "mainlined heroin" and "a homeless man... thrown from a window." In response to this lurid article, the building owners evicted the Batcave squatters and then "sealed the place off and posted a guard," according to Curbed.
I’m here to show off my last photo of the year, my last photo for my Project 365 – 2009! I showed you a little preview yesterday of what was coming... well here we go!
This isn't the finished picture because I apparently haven't taken one yet! Little Maria absolutely loves to clean the floor for me tho... either with the swiffer seen above or with her knees..
There were a couple of film theatres on Guadaloupe, well patronised by students. The films were good, but no blacks were allowed. And so, at the meeting another sort of protest was devised. Stand-ins. The idea was simple. White and black students would queue up together. When they got to the ticket office the white student would ask for a ticket "So long as my friend can have one too." Of course they were refused, but instead of going away they simply rejoined the end of the queue and asked again. As more people joined the protest and clogged the foyer it became difficult for anyone to buy a ticket. Here is one of the theatres, The Texas. It's not a film theatre any more, but you can see that it used to be one.
Mum, like a lot of 'girls' in those days had never set foot outside of the UK, so it must have seemed like an amazing (and quite scary) adventure to be moving halfway around the World. As a child, I remember her telling me about seeing flying fish, dolphins and so on (no wildlife TV programmes in those days of course). But the following tale was usually related by Dad!
The destination for these unlucky men wasn't a long-distance voyage but rather a line of near-invisible vessels permanently moored off the American coast. 'Rum Row' facilitated the distribution of alcohol into the United States, with product passing to smaller boats and shady, midnight deals made between mobsters and smugglers. It was an unpleasant and dangerous job, constantly under the fear of capture, betrayal and accident. In an illegal industry with few rules, unwilling men could be discarded.
I am a member of the family of God! Amen!
ALICE AND GERTRUDE
About 8 months ago I reconnected with an old friend from my days in Arizona named Derrick. After I left Arizona, we kept in touch for a few years, but then lost touch. I knew that he had moved back to upstate NY and gotten married. I searched for him on Facebook but found his wife instead. I contacted her and she told me that in 2006, Derrick had been diagnosed with cancer. Urachal adenocarcinoma to be specific. The past 6 months had been especially hellish with the pain and experimental treatments, etc. I got an update from her on November 14th that they were pretty much done. There was little to no chance of recovery anymore. They moved him home and got in touch with Hospice. He was 36 with a 5 year old daughter. Again, someone who did everything right, someone who had so much to offer the world and made it a better place. He passed away on Thanksgiving night in his wife’s arms after saying goodnight to his daughter.
love for you, that are holding yours on your wedding day, as you
Rushmore
The palate presents a serious, complex Chardonnay. In a blind tasting, one might be hard pressed to whether this came from Australia or California. The cool climate aspects of the Central Ranges come through and add a refreshing crisp acidity to balance out the fruit flavors. Citrus, stone fruit and some tropical fruit notes are accented by the vanilla from New French Oak used in fermentation and maturation.
For this I used one of Bonnie's newest textures: Ephemeral. I changed the hue to suit my photo and lightened it as well. Then I went to Picnik added the Viginette feature and the Postage Stamp Frame and Text. Pretty straight forward and easy but I think it turned out really pretty.
It was covered with stains. I can't describe half of them put the two most obvious ones were shit, food and blood. I wish that last one was a joke. I don't know who the last owner was or what she did to the kid but it frightens me a bit. And this woman expected Sita to use it for her own kid, it's just disgraceful. Since it was so bad we decided that just throwing it away wasn't good enough. This bassinet had to go out in style. So we sat on the deck and just threw out ideas out what to do with it for a while.
I loved all the interesting discussion and sharing of stories. I even loved the ridiculously crazy moments (can anyone say insane car ride?). It was good. I'm so glad we held this gathering! And it seems other people really enjoyed it too. All the feedback I've gotten so far has been positive, and multiple people at the gathering asked if we were going to do it again next year! At the time, I said that I still had a lot of processing to do, and really wasn't sure. But at this point, both my mother (who is also the co-organizer) and I have decided that we will do it again next year. I don't think I could bear to pass up on a chance to bring so many wonderful people together here again next year!!
Short story told even shorter--Jack uses a machine gun to plow every inch of space between him and the stargate in order to keep the invisible Ashrak from escaping. He has seriously gotten over his MacGyver aversion to guns in a very big way. Bra’tac shows up to strike the killing blow. He suggests that the Ashrak has shed blood of them all teamed up to stop him, then they are all comrades-in-arms. His speech was far better than a Picard lecture.
Born to be redeemer of our world
Let the farmer hang the toil-worn plough on its post:
DVD REVIEW BREAKDOWN
Next thing I know, I hear crunching noise, a rather loud crunching noise at that. Then, Bailey jumps up from under my feet and sits as still as a mouse...just looking...I knew right then something was not right.....
But even with all that, if the filmmakers stripped it of it’s action film hijinks, at it’s core is a story of two complete strangers coming to each other’s aid. Sadly the film never delivers more on the sentiment between the two characters’s personal emotions. There are hints of a developing relationship, but it’s overshadowed by the action scenes, which are impressive, undermines the emotional aspect between Luke and Mei. The ending(which I will not spoil) leaves it open to the possibility of a sequel. I really wish to see a follow up to this film because the film has a really fascinating dynamic on which to build on.
First, understand the value of what you bring to the table. Do your homework and investigate your competitive advantages. How urgent is the need for what you’re selling? Who else can match or possibly exceed you in quality, expertise, price and/or timing?
1T fish sauce
‘‘(C) a review of the actions taken by the Federal Government based on such information;
"This is Steve Jones without the abs"
Reading back over this catalogue of disasters, I'm slightly surprised that a) I'm still alive and b) I haven't been tempted to seriously worry about my drinking and get my sorry (and bruised) arse off to an AA meeting, but there you go. If the options were sensible abstinence or occasional memorable days lost in a mad, laughing, sociable, alcohol-fuelled ruckus with the occasional battle-scar, I'd choose the latter every time.
A lot has happened this week! In the weird world of Chicago Nerdlesque, this somehow culminated on a Wednesday. Ya see . . .
The best moment of the kick-off party was when one of my then-still-fairly-new housemates who I didn't know very well walked in and we spent an awkward ten minutes explaining how it was that we'd managed to live in the same building without knowing each other had signed up.
If you are small company and cannot afford to have two companies working on your web and print design, then you need to make sure what you have on your website can be easily translated into print. It goes back to having good standard branding for your site. Your audience has to be able to recognise your logo clearly whether it is offline or on the web. If you are thinking about asking a web designer to handle all of your print work as well, be sure to look at the print samples before you sign off the work. Your website and print collateral represents you and your business.
Lake Monticello (434-589-3636)
I like the rustic vibe. Our house needs more of that. One piece at a time...
Robin: Basil is really easy to grow and delicious. Plant some today!
He uses recycled materials from old VCR’s, computers, toys, and games. He creates one of a kind fun jewelry.
You can have a good relationship with your children, you can feel fine about how your family interacts, you can feel great about yourself as a parent and still not really have the trust of your child. Even parents who would say they are people of integrity, honest, righteous and trustworthy fail to treat their children with respect. Parents regularly use bribes, rewards, punishment, and other forms of control to manipulate the behavior of their children, instead of building a strong relationship of free flowing trust. Children have a hard time trusting parents when they have no confidence in the parent's ability to let go of their need for control or being the one with the power.
Doug suggested this book, a departure from Paul Auster's usual more high-wire postmodern storytelling mode. It concerns narrator Nathan Glass who, after a divorce and in remission from lung cancer, returns to his birthplace Brooklyn, he says 'to die', and his nephew Tom whom he unexpectedly finds there working in a second-hand bookshop, dropped out from a brilliantly promising academic career and also in retreat from life. However, the two soon find themselves embroiled together in the lives of colourful others - among them the eccentric bookshop owner Harry Brightman with his dubious past, and the nine-year-old daughter of Tom's lost sister, who turns up on his doorstep out of the blue, strangely mute. Before they know it, Nathan and Tom are engaged on quests to save others from various fates, and en route to their own personal redemption.
“Cheryl is the style icon and is amazingly warm, a quality that has made her the nation’s favourite.
What sound describes you?
Meanwhile, Deputy Opposition Leader Julie Bishop yesterday said she was "deeply concerned" by reports there would be continued outbreaks of violence and protests at Australia's detention centres, with authorities and police short of resources to deal with further unrest.
I have to admit something about making this bundt cake. I actually made my first one on Friday of last week. I baked the cake in the morning and then had to go out to get my haircut. Somehow in the rush to get out of the door and get my hair cut, I forgot to get something for lunch. (If you are wondering how this happened, then I must remind you that I have six month old at home. Time is very limited and so is mental capacity.) So when I got home from my errands it was almost 4pm and not a thing to eat, except of course this wonderful cake. But wait! I hadn't iced it or taken pictures yet. I said to heck with it and I cut into it with relish. Glad I did, because this bundt is absolutely delicious! So I had to make another cake to photograph for today. Here you have it.
St. Marianus
These are films that play up the fact that right there in the middle of their paper-thin, repetitive plot are the Fear Flasher, the Horror Horn, Smell-O-Vision, Percepto, Duo-Vision, Ghost Vision, the Punishment Poll, all there just to keep the viewers' eyes on the screen and their attention drawn.
Level 18: MP Cost: 40, Duration: 540 seconds, All Stats: +9%.
Add Mobile Barcoder to your Firefox web browser. When you go to a website and want your students to follow you there on their mobile devices, you can use this handy add on to generate and show the mobile barcode on the screen. Just make sure that the link you are encoding is near the top of the screen, sometimes if you generate it low on the screen, students cannot get a good photo on their camera.
5. Lacking in diligence or due care or concern; negligent: a slack worker.
The Summer Show Project offers the unique chance for artists to work directly with FOLEYgallery. The exhibition will feature one artist that works with photography and one artist that makes works on paper.
Lost Coast Designs
It doesn’t? The meat of the Smithsonian article is:
Officiant
Langley reports that she interviewed just two men who responded effec­tively to the challenge of their wives’ disloyalty.
I say "revised" because I'd almost finished the first sock in just the greenish stuff when I realised I had enough wool for about 10% of the second sock. Cue ripping and striping. The notebook is because I am not good at 'the unknown' and so to stave off anxiety in Amsterdam have been carefully planning my trip. I remain flexible but at the same time I know exactly how to get from the station to my hotel and where I want to visit in each part of the city.
Back then, I didn't know what the song was called, but I looked it up on Google recently and read the lyrics. And now, as I sit at the dining table in another house and time, I'd really love for the girls to be here squabbling over make-up, for Charlie to be glued to Match of the Day, and for Ged to be somewhere upstairs playing those first three notes, so that I could sing back to him, in the words of the song.
I’ve been in a few “pain calls” myself.
What's in your mailbox?
Here's two examples (these bands also happen to be from the great state of Florida, a place known for confusing trends):
I’m not certain, but I’m thinking the latter is supposed to be guitarslinger Dennis Coffey. Coffey is best known as one of the Funk Brothers, that Detroit collective of studio cats who gave us the Motown sound.
The Fifa World Cup cost South Africa about R120-billion. We will be coughing up at least R100-million annually to service the stadiums, our beautiful cathedrals of self-enslavement. Set the cost of the Fifa World Cup against our development needs, and you can't but conclude that we didn't need it, nor could we afford it. So why did we go all out to host such an unnecessary event?
He said the plane, which is two years old, would be held in Guam until the cause of the fire was established.
94. I don't really like dogs....surprise, surprise!!
I’m not going to take for granted the views of La Alhambra.
Hello and welcome to another Corrosive Challenge! First, I would like to thank everyone who joined us for our "Love Bites" challenge! It was a theme that may have been a bit out of the norm for some, but to me that is what challenge blogs are all about... To inspire us to try new things, and maybe step out of our comfort zone while doing it! We know it was a bit of an unusual one, but we loved the fabulous entries from those who played along, and we hope you enjoyed it too!
Have an awesome Thursday! xo.
your vessels using cow dung, wood bark, dried aloe leaves and small twigs which impart various lustrous terracotta tones to the work. This workshop will be led by Stanford potter, Tracey Duivestein. Tracey has been experimenting with pit firing for many years.
Even though I have danced in Nearby City before, with considerable success (at least, to my own standards), Saturday night I knew almost no one at the milonga. Two leaders and one woman; that was it. Several of the men that I know, who might otherwise have been there, and at least one other lady were in Buenos Aires for the festival there, I knew.
Cardstock in envelope is from Bazzill, the paper is the wedding line from MM and inside I also used SU cardstock. The butterflies are two different MS punches. I put some Star Dust Stickles on the smaller ones and some bling on the bigger one. The satin ribbon is from my collection and I got the heart at Söstrene Gröne. The tab is the SU Tab punch embossed with a Cuttlebug folder. Inside I used three different stamps from my SU Carte Postale set, stamped them with Versamark and then used pearlwhite emboss powder.
I scanned a bunch of older photos yesterday. I ran onto a photo of my Maternal Grandmother that shows her love of fish and flowers.
Dropped Donald and Mrs. DMG at home after his school's fund raiser night at Chick-fil-A and then headed to Fayetteville Lake. Took off running at 8:45 knowing the park would close at 11:00. No big deal if I ran a bit late, but as it was, it was a good motivator to keep the speed up. I ran the same out-and-back I ran on Sunday except with a headlamp lighting up every cloud of breath I exhaled. I counted it as 9+ miles Sunday, the + accounting for all the extra zig-zagging on the singletrack, but I think I sold myself a bit short. Before, I had always run laps of the whole lake which involves a mile of asphalt going over the dam and up to the disc golf course. I'd never run only the trail. Having timed myself twice on just the trail, I'm certain it is at least ten miles out and back, maybe a skoach more. I did it in 2:07 today and am certain I was running 12 minute miles or faster. Anyway, I was half way home by my 11:00 PM cutoff.
Here’s Carlo making some pizza. Pizza is a new addition to Bartolomeo. I’d describe Bartolomeo’s pizza as Foccacia-like, in that it is baked in a pan in order to consistently cook the crust. Bartolomeo uses premium ingredients to make its pizza, including the very same San Marzano tomatoes they sell on their shelves.
For thinking of me
Made the same year as Wellman’s great Beau Geste, this lesser-known drama, sadly not on DVD as yet, is another wildly noble and compelling period melodrama adapted from a novel by an imperialist author, Kipling. There was clearly a demand for such films in 1939, in the early days of the Second World War. Once again, the story ranges between England and wars in deserts, in this case the Sudan. However, in this film much of the drama takes place within the four walls of an 1880s London flat, framed by battle sequences at the start and end.
Most drinking establishments in the area are either unintimidating dive bars or sterile sports bars. There isn’t much to distinguish between one place and the next.
all. Because it is a book that I knew so well as a child it was brilliant to re-read as an adult, and parts of it made me smile as I read them, because sentences and phrases came back to me and I could see myself aged about seven, during the phase where I used to keep books in the end of my bed underneath my soft toys, because I couldn’t bear to be parted from them, reading the same paragraphs by torchlight way after the lights should have been out. This is
931 **D-III/15/1986. “Christianity and Classical Thought: The Case of Tertullian.” Conference on Christianity and Classical Thought (in honor of Frederick J. Crosson), The University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, Indiana. (Incorporated in Item C-1993(2), above, pp. 47-68.)
1) I looove classic black and white horror movies and thrillers like Pyscho. I'd rather watch something psychological and terrifying than gory movies.
To alleviate your boredom Speedo have designed their revolutionary underwater MP3 player, which will keep you happily entertained with your favourite music for nine hours – not that we suggest that you spend that long in the pool.
Do you keep all your letters?
-1 carrot
Grade 6 was over, and I really wanted to continue my piano so I worked hard to get into this Royal conservatory high school and was ecstatic when I got accepted after auditioning.
So here it is, the gem of an exhibition inside the extraordinary, massive arch that groans under the weight of the Quadriga bronze at Hyde Park Corner. It opened on Wednesday and continues until June 24. I’ll be talking about it at an English Heritage members event on Monday May 14 (“suitable for adults”, apparently), and I’m giving a public lecture on June 7. You can read about the exhibition here, and more about the arch here.
I explained already in the previous posts, what is my concept of travelling and how to embrace it as a path to follow, under a structural and well defined logic.
Very little is known of Jamie’s life before meeting the Doctor, but what is known is that he became a trusted and loyal member of the TARDIS crew, having proved himself during the struggles that followed the bloody defeat of the Clans at Culloden.
Excitement is building for Monday night's Met Gala which will open the much anticipated 'Schiaparelli and Prada: Impossible Conversations' exhibition. Of course, US Vogue is leading the build-up by looking back at galas in years gone by. First up, Andre Leon Talley, the magazine's rather awesome Editor-at-Large, has chosen his top 10 outfits. He seems to have a predilection for black taffeta and frou frou fairytale given his choices. We're excited to see how Miuccia Prada will play the red carpet celebrity dressing next week. Her AW12 collections showed a serious trouser moment so maybe Mr Leon Talley will be disappointed on the big ballgown front.
WEEK 4: Organizing Fridge and Freezer
We had snow the week before Christmas and everyone was getting excited that we may actually have a white Christmas. The South East of England tends to be too warm for snow, but this time the winds were coming from the North East so anything was possible. Canterbury was not cut off completley but there were some difficulties with roads and railways. This became very apparent when we had our stall at the Yule Festival in Canterbury on the 19th December. The turn out was quite poor so we did not sell alot of our wares, but never-the-less we had a good time meeting new people.
I've found the overbearing friendliness of people a huge relief, but jarring nonetheless. Their smiles are so big in front of my face, I have to fight the urge to give them a karate chop to the throat. Stop trying to help me, goddammit! I am an island!
Now that I have more space on my bookshelf I can add more books to my collection. And I created some decorative pieces that people talk about when they come over. Now I have a third purpose for my books: conversation pieces.
the mattress prevented the floor from opening up by providing a squashy surface into which the heart might sink
Next is Vintage Vogue:
Please make your calls now! Keep calling through Thanksgiving week and after until you hear that the Senate has voted. Call, call again. Keep calling. Call your friends.
after how long i've questioned myself about how i can contribute, alhamdulillah Lyna told me about a talk to be held in cucms (med school in cyberjaya) about Palestine and getting our facts right by Prof Madya Dr Hafidzi Mohd Nor, Pengerusi of Aqsa Syarif.
well, at the end of the month.
right away select and treated easily, it is critical to prevent traditional treatment is not absolutely essential cause of toxicity. Only people who have lice should be treated technically, but its a great idea to look at your all family for lice. You can in addition see them when you rinse the comb in a sink with water. It works the same way by dividing the whole area of the hair into one inch sections and dropping them one by one.
The job will take about three months to complete, but I still plan to write whenever I can squeeze it in. But if I do seem a little quiet, you know why. I’m just doing my working mum thing. Wish me luck!
This morning I had an IBS episode which could be the damned pizza I ate yesterday(I was under calorie goal) or the stress from trying to find the right home for us. I guess I have a stress management problem because that kind of thing is getting to me.
It will be a little quilt - 11.5"x15". I will post one block pattern a day for 6 days (a couple of days will have more than one block made). Then sewing the blocks together and adding the border. There will be an optional appliqué, and I will also have ideas for machine quilting. It should take about a week. The pieces are small, scraps will work, maybe a fat quarter, or large scrap for the border and binding.
First, in the 1950s, Morton Heilig decided that going to the theater should be a fully immersive experience. He began working on his Sensorama which finally came out in 1962. The only piece ever produced was of the viewer riding the streets of Brooklyn on a motorcycle. It was much more than 3D, also providing the vibrations of the motorcycle, the wind on the face, and the smells of the street as the viewer "rode" along. However, the cost of producing the 3D films was just too high, and the Sensorama failed to catch on.
Jesus describes the days when he will return and the angels will gather his elect (24-27). However, no one knows when this is going to take place. We are told by Jesus to “Be on guard, keep awake. For you do not know then the time will come.” (v 33) He repeats at then end of verse 37, “Stay awake.”
I have been doing a Classroom Economy of some form for the last four or five years now, and I think I have finally worked out most of the kinks, and the current incarnation is pretty good! I hope the kids are enjoying it!
Baths consisted of a big tub filled with hot water. The man of the house had the privilege of the nice clean water, then all the other sons and men, then the women, children and finally the babies. By then the water was so dirty you could actually lose someone in it. Hence the saying 'don't throw the baby out with the bath water'.
“That’d be great.” He shivered. “I think the rain’s going to start early this year.”
So, does the EF really foster holiness?
of moving more deeply into the scene: the Magdalene
Mash at 152F for 60 min, raise to 165F for 15 min. Flaked Barley and Oats will aid with head retention and give a silky mouthfeel.
yes, even death.
4. Friends that say, "She NEVER does this" when her dog is going spastic with excitement when you visit.
In his concluding sentence we can see the all too familiar appeal to religion and a murky notion of “social justice” as Jefferson writes:
You people make war and then complain.
Forgiving? Grrrr.
Have an extra glass of chang for me! After all, in Nepal, "Chang comes from within."
Historically server power benchmarks were not available and thus the only way for initial data center power planning was to rely on power data provided by system vendors in the form of faceplate values. But the use of faceplate value is flawed at the first place as it indicates the maximum power requirements for each component irrespective of its configuration or utilization. But the power consumption of a system is linearly correlated with its utilization. Because of this, a huge gap exists between the data center’s anticipated power require­ment and the actual power required by its equipment. Another option which is used is fixed de-rating where an arbitrarily percentage or number is subtracted from the nameplate value considering that the system’s faceplate rating is higher than its actual use. For example a 1,000 watt rated server would be de-rated by a fixed 20 percent which means you are assuming that it would consume 800 watts. However this is not true as its power consumption would be dependent on the utilization and estimated value most often is grossly inflated. As you might think, finding the correct percentage by which de-rating should be done is nearly impossible without any measurement tool. Two servers of the same manufacturer and model can consume different powers because of the utilization.
You are having many falls, you are losing the fight. Your fame is all noise and commotion. My friend, you are saying you will uplift the world, But what about yourself?-
Class 30: ... tapioca, sago, artificial coffee; flour ...; salt, mustard; vinegar, sauces (condiments); spices; ....
Eole Water modified your typical electricity-generating turbines to allow them to distill drinking water out of the air in a bid to help developing countries solve their water needs.
Please help us find homes for all of the tea-drinking chats noirs... merçi! Contact your local black cat rescue (or regular kitty haven) today. Our mascot (whose teacup is just out of the picture frame) thanks you, too.
LOG OFF!
The Raptor isn’t that rare. The Battle Tank is very rare. It all depends on how much Archaeology you are willing to do!
Will also be putting a drinky/dessert in this week:
Court documents show that the patent worker stole a total of $534,338 over 32 transfers, 27 of which were to Reid. It is unclear from documents where the other $80,000 went.
You guessed it…..
05 Lucretia
When the case was brought before the U.S. Supreme Court, they ruled in his favor, giving the Army General title over the United States, Inc. Legal action was then passed on to the Senate Finance Committee and Senator Sam Nunn, who was working with Roy Schwasinger. With the help of covert congressional and political pressure, President George H.W. Bush issued an Executive Order (a) on Oct. 23, 1991, which provided a provision allowing anyone who has a claim against the federal government to receive payment as long as it’s within the rules of the original format of the case.
6. Bloody Monday – Last Season is set to finish on March 28th; having been compiled into 3 volumes already, the latest chapters will presumably be collected into a f4th volume and thus bringing the entire Bloody Monday manga series (Bloody Monday, Season 2 and Last Season) to a close with a total of 23 volumes.
The woman stops the high pitched noise and looks disappointed.
The Muslim Mafia thanks the dhimmis in Clayton.
She shares tips that help, including nice music, walks, movement, gardening, and pampering yourself. Stay away from negativity! I know in my own life I’ve found that negativity feels increasingly toxic. Sometimes Shadow issues come up for processing, and they do feel negative, so to the advice to avoid negativity I would also add to ask for discernment in dealing with the negativity. It may present as an opportunity to clear those situations, habits and people from your life.
I sometimes wonder if people stop by to see what bad luck will befall me next. It certainly can't be my mad knitting and spinning skills, lately.
Sometimes you just have to take that step back, because the time and energy you spend thinking ‘it will happen’ is a waste – and could be better used elsewhere. It’s their loss. If they want to hang around with an idiot, get messed around, lose integrity, dignity and self-respect, then that’s their problem…once you lose those things you’re never getting them back..
Instead of dwelling on his misfortunes, though, Block decided to give thanks for what he had — family, health, friendships, and spirit.
I can honestly say it makes the best pancakes I have ever had. With or without gluten!
Today ( yesterday??) Whatever.........
They leap for the chimbly and try to dive
Reflect on how you feel now and share your light and your positivity.
I’m back after 3 months of not posting and constantly thinking of wuangochi I’ve decided to make my blog priority in 2012. As I thought about this post and how I would bring up my New Year’s resolution, I thought of summarizing the past. I’ve decided against it, this is my New Beginning, my new take on life. Although the past is the content that has formed the person I am it will make its appearances in my posts but only glimpses of life changing moments will appear.
Hope everyone has an enjoyable Happy Fourth!
Then we went to get our nails done. In fact, Becky was the one to get those cute spiders put on her big toes that I copied a week later. Diane always wants to get her nails done when she comes - it is hilarious listening to her conversations with the vietnamese ladies that she can not understand at all! She is a good sport and anything they offer to do to her she usually lets them (nails, toenails, eyebrows, bikini wax (jk on the last one).
I found myself guilty of this, and my kids as well. Which takes snacking from healthy to deadly in a matter of seconds. So, I put my little organization hat on, and decided to dedicate a portion of our new pantry (sharing the project in pieces before the big reveal) to nothing other than, SNACKS.
Mike Daisey is the spokeman of Generation Geek. Heavy-set, sweating, with a delivery style that echoes Sam Kinison and John Goodman, armed with a neatly-folded kerchief to dab his forehead and a glass of water, seated at a table, notes in front of him, he talks. He tells a story. He embodies his story and he makes it your story as well. He's very good at that.
I love you will all of my heart. I know that the love you experience where you are, in Heaven, is probably beyond anything we can even begin to comprehend.
Digital Spy caught up with Lenora Crichlow on the show's set to chat about what's in store for Annie, the changes afoot this year and how series four takes us "back to the human side" of Being Human...
Come rain or come shine
He walked her around the wall to the main house entering the doorway there. A guard stood just inside the door, he dropped his eyes, not meeting hers. Down the corridor he strode at nearly a race. What had she done to infuriate him? When they had reached her chamber door, he pressed her against the wall, lifted her face to his and kissed her firmly. He was pressing the length of his body against hers. His mouth claimed hers, demanding this time. Demanding her response, demanding she open to him. He moved over to the soft spot of her neck, just below her ear and nuzzling his chin upwards, grazing her jaw line with his teeth.
This market is all about a battle for front of mind. Salience is king in the insurance game.
Picture: Me and my mom last Mother's Day before she read my blog. I will always love my mom.
Then they slay the Tropa. Then the Aces.
1 cup flour
Votes are both courted and counted by class.
But, no matter what, carrying a 20+ pound kid for hours on end was not a great idea... injured back or not. I kept the Beco with me most of the time (tossed into my backpack or the bottom of my stroller), in case I needed to put my 5-year-old into the stroller and carry the baby for a short amount of time.
The Clipper’s Head Coach, Vinny Del Negro had already pulled Chris Paul for rest. But there was a “no quit” fire in his belly, despite what the scoreboard read.
We should apply to the MRC and other organisations that should provide funds for proper ME research. However, our best chances at the moment lie with the dedicated and highly motivated team at the WPI.
If one was prepared to take time and if one was sufficiently ideologically committed to embark upon a genocidal enterprise, the conclusion of which one might personally not live to see, then it is entirely possible to achieve the gradual genocide by stealth of a vast target group without the perpetrators ever having to reveal their blood stained hands.
1 messieurs
Sun, 5pm: Angst. Writer’s angst.
May these angels be together with their loved ones in the hereafter later and May they bring blessings (syafaat) to their parents. Insya’Allah and Amin!
Far away by a mountain
May love and laughter light your days,
Police found the victim semiconscious and near death after they responded to a silent burglar alarm. She now lives in a rest home. Her name has not been released.
Chrys.: And that they might know that nothing that had been done was against God’s will, He adds, “It is the Lord’s doing.”
Once out of view I broke, a snot-faced tsunami
Me working the Make-and-Takes:
As was widely trailed, the report also recommended that the proposal be subject to a referendum. If the Government are prepared to have a referendum on a modification of the system of electing members of one chamber, it is difficult to see how they can deny one on the actual system by which members of the other are to be elected.
There are a few keys to a well-constructed album, in my book. Not every well-made album has all these features, in the same way that not every relationship-driven drama involves a misunderstanding or deception in the second act... but enough do, that I'm not going to say this is why these albums work, but it's clear that this does work. I'm giving examples here from some albums I really like. Some of them are classics and all-time greats; others are middling albums where the only thing going for them might be that they were built the way they are... in fact, some of these albums are basically the equivalent of a mediocre painting with very good composition... which just makes the composition stand out more admirably.
In 1975, I was a very skinny, very shy and very insecure 13 year old growing up in middle class Oshawa. My mom had remarried three years previous, so I now had a step-father who was a huge reader and encouraged me to read even more than I already had. Up to this point, I’d blown through all of the Robert A. Heinlein and Ray Bradbury and Arthur C. Clarke and Isaac Asimov I could find. I was also building an impressive stack of comic books as well.
Attainability: UNKNOWN, BUT HOPEFUL
It's funny but you can be sitting across a table from someone and see the person you thought they were "disappear" before your very eyes.
Unfortunately, I can't give the same recommendation for country music of today. The outlaws are gone, and we're left with a bunch of pop stars who look and sound no different than their pop counterparts. I think when Garth Brooks and Shania Twain hit the jackpot in the 90's, breaking all kinds of sales records, country music became big business and was as polished and air brushed just as much as any boy band or flavor of the month.
This wasp fossil that has been preserved together with all its features for 45 million years displays exactly the same characteristics as present-day specimens. If—as Darwinists maintain—evolution had taken place, then this insect should exhibit exceedingly primitive features, various half-developed organs in its structure, and also a large number of incompletely formed organs that, again according to evolutionists, supposed evolution should have either eliminated or else developed fully.
A blue notice was hanging on our front door knob yesterday afternoon. It was from the water company telling us that we would be without water service from 9am until 1am today while they were making some repairs/improvements in our neighborhood. This morning, they opened the fire hydrant by our house to reduce the water pressure while they were making repairs down a side street. Now we are under a boil order until Saturday morning at 4am. Great.
At some point the US courts are going to have to address the questions which are being asked, and Obama is going to have to prove that he is who he says he is. If he can, then he has every right to the job and can destroy America by democratic mandate, but if he can't, then the world is in uncharted territory.
definitely no..
Maybe you only have one child to corral to bed and it isn't a problem. But just maybe, you're like me and are outnumbered by your children. Try the Mommy Monster routine to get them into their room.
I will tell you what the real magic is that happened this year!
On Tuesday I got an email saying all my stuff was there. Thank god for that. When I got them back, the phone was a bit dirty from some puke, but all was safe. Apparently, the phone, wallet and keys were on her computer desk, which may or may not be odd considering I have no recollection of going near her computer, or actually of taking any of them out of my pockets. I figured that all was over and done with and that I could actually get back to being normal when I got a call from the mother. Holy shit was she pissed. I sat there and took the verbal beating about teeth and the destruction that was caused and all of the things that need to be done and repaired. What else could I do? So after about 15 minutes of that, we said our polite goodbyes and have moved on.
The claimant did not seek permission to appeal from the judge ...".
Just leave me a comment, and I will put your name in the hat. I'll pick the winner next Wednesday, May 18th after 6pm. To all of my friends who visit me here/there, FB and Flickr, and who have so generously encouraged me, thank you from the bottom of my heart. Hugs all around!
So Cho’s plan was to watch Simon and plan his strategy around Simon’s moves. And then the collision happened right in front of him, causing him to wreck as well.
Your soul untried, and yet -
FOR THE SOUP
The chapel is immediately surrounded by thirty acres of peaceful woodland, as well as serving as a starting point for a number of gentle countryside walks, all of which offer an environment that feels light-years away from the square which bears Pey Berland's name in central Bordeaux…
Here is a craft I make with my students using a toilet paper roll:
”Oh.” She continued to rock back and forth. “Come over here and sit down beside me, I have trouble seeing much past my nose these days!” she said with a laugh
Once I reached the top of the drive I turned left and walked up the lane, there were lots of wild flowers along the hedgerows and thanks to Southern Ireland's mild climate they were well ahead of those in the north of England. This is Greater Stitchwort which is only just coming into flower here a month later than those in the photograph.
treatment of the piano helped inspire riots! The music on
Damn my pollination!
‘President McCain’s secret trip to Afghanistan, shrouded in secrecy for security reasons, culminated in a midnight meeting with Afghan President Hamid Karzai and the signing of a ‘strategic partnership agreement’, the full details of which have not been made available to either the American or Afghan public.’
U.S. marshals arrested Tiffany Lynne Huffman on charges of sexual misbehavior.
the gas release is triggered by radiation decay, which is a random
Now I have a Bernina with BSR so I can set my stitch length to whatever I like which makes this part a bit easier. If you have BSR, set your stitch length to 1, and take your speed down to the lowest setting. If not, try to make your stitches as small as possible as your stitching around your letters (this will help them 'pop')
And tell me you love me, with a sigh,
One of my students usually doesn't do well on weekly spelling tests but for the last 2 weeks he's gotten an A. Yeah!!! I'm super proud of him and call him over to tell him how great he did.
Glen Cornick: bass
We finally cleared the mobs in the courtyard. Then we went up to the wall via one of the towers to take out those pesky archers.
Personally I do not think the name of the drink comes from avocado, because that fruit was not really known here when the drink was already known by that name. This in and of itself would seem to put an end to the avocado argument. Van Dam prefers another explanation: that the word is meant to evoke a soothing throat lubrication, such as might be required for attorneys.
In his next mistake, he later stepped outside to light a cigarette, igniting the blaze that consumed him.
The highlight of the trip to Nantes was that I got to go to a classy French new year's eve party! Ed's sister Claire invited us to her friend's apartment, which was la classe. Unfortunately I don't have pictures (or maybe it is fortunate...) but it was really great. There was foie gras, saumon, champagne...everything to make a true soirée. We rang in 2012 in style (sort of) and I get to say I spent new years in France :) The next day Ed and I went back to Bordeaux and I began the process of moving into my new place.
of an affair, and of conceiving a child, while in between
The nose was mineral, sappy, nutty and apricot-like with a salty, earth and rocky mineral note together with some savoury herbal aromas too.
Nomination 2: Andy Mogg @Chilliupnorth and @BeerReviewsAndy
May peace and plenty bless your world
Sarah, your point 4 in your blog (about not going to convert everyone) I agree and disagree with.
The Possible- Summer and School
ERIK WENZEL: I think I need to open up a little more about my personal reasons for what I said. Such as I feel totally guilty because I know that my interest will fade, and I will forget all those kept prisoner. It's just not possible to maintain a constant state of outrage. (Which seems like it is, or should be, an Onion headline: "Nation's Liberals, Conservatives, Wary of Maintaining Perpetual State of Righteous Indignation"). Also, I am not saying petitions shouldn't be circulated or vinyl letters shouldn't be affixed to Tate Moderns, it just seemed kind of silly. Every time I thought of signing the petition, I felt stupid. I asked myself, "What? Because he's a famous artist–and one whose work I like–is that why we art world people are now speaking up? Because he's 'one of ours'?" I just felt like a phony, I didn't have a good answer. I think you make really strong points, and that indeed the petition and other art world denouncements played a role. But it was a combined effort. And ultimately one that may well have played into the Chinese Government's hands. I remember thinking it's almost like a reverse-engineered act of benevolence: Release a high profile dissenter, look good and appear to listen to international calls for free speech. To begin: find a high-profile dissenter, detain them and wait for the attention. It's kind of bone-headed, but they seem like they are trying to play both good cop and bad cop and expecting us not to notice.
SU! Melon Mambo embossing powder and fine gold glitter
Janiel you’ve won a gift assortment valued at $28.00 from ABC Toys and Crafts!! Congratulations!! I will be contacting you shortly to get your ship to information.
No, baby, it's not like that. I'm not abandoning you. We're committed, you and I. And I don't walk away from these things lightly. But, I gotta admit, I've strayed, and I've strayed hard.
Found a decorative chipboard piece in my stash and used a scrap of the Tradewinds paper to fill the center of it. Embellished w/ pre-shaped decorative rhinestone swirly thingies and computer generated the caduceus ( medical thingy) and text.
Last night/this morning (all one giant blur of sleeplessness), I came up with a terrific confrontation scene. I mean super duper incredibly powerful terrific confrontation scene. It came from a scene I already intended to write, and at 2 in the morning, it made sense to make that original scene bigger and more powerful and, well, more confrontational.
We were on our way to the Kruger National Park, driving through the Middelburg area for one of our family holidays. Now, there are quite a lot of large pans next to the road, which are always a magnet for birds. We found a huge one next to the road that had hundreds of flamingos. I had seen the birds before, but I wanted a closer look at them. Ruth and I jumped overt the short cattle-fence and hurried down to the waters-edge. But before we got there, we flushed a few birds from the reeds. They had long bills, which were curved slightly downwards. I didn’t know what they were, but I knew that I hadn’t seen them before.
At the playground gates, I stand like a thorn between the roses. I know I’ll never win any awards for my looks - except perhaps for Most Frumpy Mummy.
Rooftop Parties
Power Tools – Discover how to Have tried it
R5--5 C10-5 R5+5 C5-10 R5+5 C10+(join to last motif)5 R5+5 C5+10
I enjoyed the reading experience: the text is broken into 'segments' by pages from Amy's travel journal. These include the playlist mixes that Roger creates, factoids about the states they travel through, and pictures of things along the road. The pictures are actual photographs that Morgan Matson took when she made the same road trip - which I found to be a very nice touch. At times, the story feels a bit intense, but not overwhelmingly so - especially considering the stuff Amy is working through. The full story of the accident, as well as other memories and instances she has pushed down, spins out slowly, in flashbacks, that match the pace of Amy's journey through the pain and into healing. I don't always like flashbacks, but these are clearly marked as such, and work very well with the story itself. Amy & Roger's Epic Detour is a light summer read that had enough substance to prevent it becoming "fluff," and I find myself wondering what other adventures the pair will have.
Abdul Aziz told Sinar Harian: “I can’t even remember which branch I was with because after I completed my studies, I lived in several areas.
970. Wings & Sweet Potato Fries from Sly Fox Brewery (Phoenixville, PA) @ Home - 5:42 p.m.
But sometimes, it is a little deeper and a little harder. A little more gut wrenching. The kind that steals your voice away. For some it is the inability to have children, a loss of a child, cancer....For some of my old lafayette friends (the high school we do ministry at), it was the news yesterday of their friend dying in a car accident. 20 years old. Their lives are altered. Her life was altered.
Original Air Date: Apr 27, 2012
Trying to have your first baby after the age of 35 is dangerous and often unsuccessful and the risk for birth defects skyrockets. This is a well known medical fact and one that feminism likes to ignore in favour of encouraging women to pursue careers so that they might be “equal” to men.
Mags
5. you're this guy...
Thank you so much, De!! Anyone who is local and looking for portraits of their family this spring needs to check out http://www.devine-photography.com/.
It will probably be asked, Why not retain and incorporate the blacks into the state, and thus save the expense of supplying, by importation of white settlers, the vacancies they will leave? Deep rooted prejudices entertained by the whites; ten thousand recollections, by the blacks, of the injuries they have sustained; new provocations; the real distinctions which nature has made; and many other circumstances, will divide us into parties, and produce convulsions, which will probably never end but in the extermination of the one or the other race. To these objections, which are political, may be added others, which are physical and moral. The first difference which strikes us is that of colour. Whether the black of the negro resides in the reticular membrane between the skin and scarf-skin, or in the scarf-skin itself; whether it proceeds from the colour of the blood, the colour of the bile, or from that of some other secretion, the difference is fixed in nature, and is as real as if its seat and cause were better known to us. And is this difference of no importance? Is it not the foundation of a greater or less share of beauty in the two races? Are not the fine mixtures of red and white, the expressions of every passion by greater or less suffusions of colour in the one, preferable to that eternal monotony, which reigns in the countenances, that immovable veil of black which covers all the emotions of the other race? Add to these, flowing hair, a more elegant symmetry of form, their own judgment in favour of the whites, declared by their preference of them, as uniformly as is the preference of the Oranootan for the black women over those of his own species. The circumstance of superior beauty, is thought worthy attention in the propagation of our horses, dogs, and other domestic animals; why not in that of man? Besides those of colour, figure, and hair, there are other physical distinctions proving a difference of race. They have less hair on the face and body. They secrete less by the kidneys, and more by the glands of the skin, which gives them a very strong and disagreeable odour. This greater degree of transpiration renders them more tolerant of heat, and less so of cold than the whites. Perhaps too a difference of structure in the pulmonary apparatus, which a late ingenious experimentalist has discovered to be the principal regulator of animal heat, may have disabled them from extricating, in the act of inspiration, so much of that fluid from the outer air, or obliged them in expiration, to part with more of it. They seem to require less sleep. A black after hard labour through the day, will be induced by the slightest amusements to sit up till midnight, or later, though knowing he must be out with the first dawn of the morning. They are at least as brave, and more adventuresome. But this may perhaps proceed from a want of forethought, which prevents their seeing a danger till it be present. When present, they do not go through it with more coolness or steadiness than the whites. They are more ardent after their female: but love seems with them to be more an eager desire, than a tender delicate mixture of sentiment and sensation. Their griefs are transient. Those numberless afflictions, which render it doubtful whether heaven has given life to us in mercy or in wrath, are less felt, and sooner forgotten with them. In general, their existence appears to participate more of sensation than reflection. To this must be ascribed their disposition to sleep when abstracted from their diversions, and unemployed in labour. An animal whose body is at rest, and who does not reflect, must be disposed to sleep of course. Comparing them by their faculties of memory, reason, and imagination, it appears to me that in memory they are equal to the whites; in reason much inferior, as I think one could scarcely be found capable of tracing and comprehending the investigations of Euclid; and that in imagination they are dull, tasteless, and anomalous. It would be unfair to follow them to Africa for this investigation.
How it really happens is like this: a writer and art director are locked in a cage. A creative director opens the cage door just wide enough to throw in 5 pounds of briefing documents, memos, research reports, and old ads. He slams the door, yells "I need this shit by Thursday, and it better be fucking good" and runs off to lunch with his assistant..
The denialists will say that were we to teach the merits of deferred gratification, then this problem could be ameliorated. Unfortunately for them, the Big Five personality traits are about 50% heritable - and nobody knows where the other 50% comes from.
My Vow
Bridgeport (downtown, downstairs)
I sit in my room
Nico’s family had lived next door to Riley’s. It was a typical neighborhood; two or three kids per
An important piece of this process, called sanctification, is the community of faith. The community is one tool God uses to conform us into the his image.
10. A Night In June
It's a technique employed in the greatest of sour wild beers: Gueuze. A practice used by brewers of Flemish brown ale, fans of Black & Tan, hipsters in Scotland and Denmark (the superlative I Hardcore You) and of course our friends and current inspirations across the pond.
The most enjoyable part for me was riding through Unsworth Reserve. There’s a concrete path hugging the western edge of the trees that enters the bush and turns off-road at its northern end. That’s a pleasant enough ride but if you have some trail-riding skills (or don’t mind pushing over sections of slippery tree roots) make your way over to the eastern side and a lovely track leads you into the heart of the bush before emerging again at Barbados Drive. Cross Barbados and a gravel path takes you down to the tunnel.
We get there and there's no water anywhere. I'm driving around looking and looking for water. Where is the fountain? I'm thinking that I must have gone to the wrong place because maybe it doesn't actually look like a fountain. I think water just shoots up out of the ground so I ask a security guy...where's the fountains?
The butterfly also links back to the indigenous Indian population in Colombia; they too associated it with transformation and created gold ornaments to transform themselves with animal features. Examples can be found of gold nose ornaments in the shape of butterflies. You will also notice that the butterfly is flying out of a box; this is a representation of the country shedding its negative stereotypes and being better understood and appreciated by the wider world.
We actually wrote and signed a contract committing our whole lives to Him, relinquishing all of our rights, all of our possessions, everything we would ever own, giving to Him, our Dear Lord and Master, everything.
On average 600,000 bottles of Absolut are produced every day in Åhus. Most Absolut bottles are made in Limmared not far from Åhus, but production also takes place in France. All bottles are manually checked and then rinsed with Absolut. After washing, the bottle is filled with the scheduled variety of Absolut. The same bottling machine is used for all flavours and is washed automatically between flavours. The bottling machines can fill up to 240 bottles per minute. After capping, the bottle is sealed, the modern seal replacing the seals of former times. The seal is now made of plastic, which is heated and “shrunk” on to the bottle and the cap. The most intricate part of the whole bottling process is fixing the medallion showing “the King of Vodka” L.O. Smith on to the bottle. This must not vary by more than 0.5 mm. The bottle is positioned correctly with the aid of marks on the glass, and then the medallion is attached. Apart from the medallion, there is also a back label and in certain cases an importer’s label on the bottle.
Stephenie Meyer! Becca Fitzpatrick! Lauren Kate! Gather around and listen! In approximately 35 pages, Laini Taylor has managed to write a better story and a more developed character than some other YA authors have in their entire series. This is a great feat. Kizzy is interesting, different and intriguing and has always been on the sidelines and has wanted that extra something in her life. This was the shortest of the three, but Kizzy's story will have you laughing and doing double takes the entire time. It's not as dark and gritty as the others, but the goblins and their fruit are fascinating, and is aplenty in so few pages.
Oh and it hurts! You're frustrated.... you cant fight him off.. you cant find the truth.... so now you fall deeper into the lies believing you're weak and worthless!
The jetty on the Kilcreggan side is made of thick wooden timbers. As the boat approaches, the ferryman reaches out with a hook to pull in the dangling thread of rope, and attach it to the boat’s metal rails. Once the boat is alongside the pier, he secures the rope with a couple of knots. The boat rocks lightly in the water. The gangway is
It was just another sunny day when it happened… He was out on his daily allowed walks when a car ran him over. The pain was unbearable, he knew his time had come but he didn’t want to die just yet. He wanted to see her once before he died. He tried getting up but couldn’t, the world around him slowly grew darker.
This week is half term, but I have no idea what we're doing - Eleri is out playing with a friend at the moment. She wants to go swimming sometime in the week. We'll just take each day as it comes I suppose, and the week will fly by!
Heat the prosciutto over medium heat in a large skillet. When it begins to render a bit of fat, add the garlic and onions. Adjust the heat so they don't burn and cook the mixture, stirring from time to time until the onions are translucent and golden brown; about 30 minutes.
The attack is attributed to @AnonsTurkey, with the group using the twitter handle to say they are “hacking the world to save the planet”.
Day of Deliverance by Johnny O'Brien (ARC)
You will hardly find more wisdom in the wood than that.
i'm alive.
“ Just amazing. I don’t even know what to say. I’m speechless! “
Who hasn't LOL!!!! I am as big of a klutz as the next person....aren't all people klutzes??? Oh, well....I am!!!
8. Alter an element
Let's go!'
And, y'see, with THAT much news to keep up with, there is just so little time left for the children, and the husband-pleasing. (Eh, they'll be fine. They can all just go play with themselves for another week.)
So in old England , when customers got unruly, the bartender would yell at them 'Mind your pints and quarts, and settle down. It's where we get the phrase 'mind your P's and Q's'
Tomato soup and rustic country-style bread is the perfect quick meal for me, especially on a cold rainy day, like pretty much all of this week. Then again, I always like soup... any kind of soup, anytime. Asian style, European style and of course creamy Boston-style clam chowder. Soup is soothing, sates the appetite and is easy on the stomach.
As a child, Chris Fabry wrote stories, songs and poems. The creative process invigorated him. He may not have been a fast reader, but the words on the page had a deep effect. So he vowed that if he ever had the chance to write, he would take it.
All of this is to say that the greatest songs of all, of course, shatter the boundaries. They transcend genres by displaying, in all their beauty and vulnerability, the heart, the mind, and the physicality of the singer. They sing of the complete human experience.
5) Determine appropriate campaign strategies and set campaign goals.
Jennifer's creatures have changed a lot over the years from really cool felted dragons to every kind of fantasy creature imaginable. And unimaginable. She designs her own creatures and patterns and even dyes her own wool. You can see more of her menagerie at her Etsy store.
Me: Um, there were three bags of TRASH in the garage.
The corners on the cards were originally brass coloured. Mmmm well perhaps less said about how they ended up looking like they do, the better. I will say, that I experimented for some time to get the look I wanted but without success. They didn't turn out too badly though and after a while, grew on me. lol
The whole whether morality is useful or needed in a children's story like Alice could spawn some lengthy blog posts and much debate. I'll pass on that.
"The Green Investment Bank is also good news, but if it is to transform the green economy, it will require significant financial backing, not just fine words. The same is true of banking reform proposals which should take place as soon as possible.
Nonetheless, I did try my best to complete them so here goes!
After another six months, I achieved my next goal and got another promotion. Did I celebrate? A bit more this time as I thought that now I’d be happy. I had a few friends and this job was going to be a stepping-stone for me…so what did I do; that’s right you guessed it I set a new goal to get the next promotion.
Woolf may have written about the autobiographical ‘I’ as overshadowing the feminine, but here, in this thesis where as Leigh Gilmore would say, it is ‘not licensed’, it is the autobiographical ‘I’ that is liberating me from the shadows, allowing me to walk back into this thesis that I write.
Did someone promise you other and greater treasure?
When I think of Tim Holtz it's always a tag that springs to mind. I've used my 'Tims Tags', distress ink and a Tim Holtz sentiment.
I think of the territories
♥ Next, start unwrapping the hershey kisses & putting them on top of the pretzels. I bought the hugs (white & dark chocolate mixed), milk chocolate & dark chocolate kisses so I could have a variety. This is the only part that is time consuming.
- ControlTL: PocketWizard’s newest firmware platform taps into the camera’s digital communications to enable an entirely new level of remote flash capability through our proven radio system. ControlTL allows remote i-TTL for Nikon CLS / i-TTL systems as well as Manual Power Control. ControlTL firmware is configurable and upgradeable for “future-proof” continuous improvement.
Pitch black and delish. Very English with the smoothness, big chocolate and coffee. to make it all come together nicely. 4 Stars.
"Del Rey is one of the most sublime modern guitarists " La Hora del Blues
I also finished the big orange square 36" x 36" painting. I will try to get photos up here soon. I also need to get them posted into my Etsy store. It's going to be a busy couple of weeks!
And so it goes. Descriptions of the circus. Some romantic tension. More descriptions. Some additional characters. Rooms, tents, tricks, illusions. Description description description. All the description is really good, mind you, it just leaves room for little else.
No, not gingivitis.
Score: Muslims 1, Kuffar 0.
Continue to whisk til thick and bubbly.
Crow takes these steps to help protect his identity. But he doesn’t try to hard because if he did, it would have the opposite effect. It would make him standout, and when someone stands out from the crowd, it tends to draw peoples eyes. If you want to blend in with a crowd, the first step is to look like everyone else. This doesn’t always mean that you have to match the other people exactly, but you have to be close enough given the circumstances which the crowd is situated. Since they’re going into a hospital, there is a lot of latitude with what they are allowed to wear when going in.
Which has kept me from blogging...where do i go from here? My rough plan is to change format temporairily (until I get a full time art teaching job- cross your fingers!) and blog about my own current art projects which I FINALLY have time/energy for, art lesson plans, and tips, pointers, observations on subbing both for classroom teachers and subs:)
ney patle besi nahyo/nai
OK folks!
I ended up moving my baby shower up to 32 weeks, because we just weren't sure how long the pregnancy would be sustainable. Would I make it the full term or not?
There was more to what Huntsman said than party politics. Listening to him describe his concerns over the emerging generation of Chinese leaders–because they were shaped not by the disasters of the Great Leap Forward and the Cultural Revolution, but by enormous economic growth, they‘re likely to be more nationalistic and “hubristic,” he said–you realize you’re listening to a political figure who served as an ambassador to three Asian nations (Singapore and Indonesia as well as China). His understanding of the Asian-Pacific region surpasses that of any presidential candidate in history.
"Odeng," he commands. "Hana, one." He tells his friend I am an American, goes to the truck's cab and brings back two persimmons to put in my bag. I finish the odeng and he shoos me away.
I used a teeny tiny reference photo from a biology book. One of the patches on its head is supposed to be red, but it’s going to be black and white for now.
The Stanford Dictionary of Philosophy has a forty-page explanation of the definition of forgiveness, in which the idea I’m going to advocate for is mentioned only in the concluding remarks, as a “relatively under-explored conception of forgiveness, endorsed by some Buddhists, that…warrants closer scrutiny.”
Now those are just the memorable ones. Oh yeah, I also crushed my pinky in the front door of the post office because I was retarded and thought that just becuase there was space under the hinges, I should stick my finger in there. It was fine until someone opened the door and there I was, little 7 year old Cub Scout howling in agony and the poor broad coming out of the building had no clue what was happening.
Manchester City’s manager stood up to his rival at the Etihad Stadium and the balance of power shifted
Well, everything else could go wrong as a matter of fact, but that's not why I'm addressing to you today.
I discovered that the surest way to get students to learn their English is by food. Here is one of them learning the rhyme Hot Cross Buns by...eating one!
On Jan 29th just after midnight Brian and I finally got to bed. I remember making a comment to him about how tired I was and how I wished I was done work. (At the time I had 3 more shifts to go). We fell asleep and around 2am I woke up thinking I had peed my pants a little bit, which I know can happen when you are pregnant so I went to the bathroom and went to change my pajama pants. When I bent over to open the drawer of my dresser there was a gush, there was no denying that my water had just broken. I waddled over to the toilet and called out to Brian who was sound asleep. I probably called him 5-8 times before he work up. I told him what happened and he looked panicked. I told him I was going to have a shower and that he should get some stuff organized. In the shower I remember being scared, I was only 35w4d and I know that a baby can and usually does fine being born at this gestation, but when it is all happening to you it is scary.
“Whether it actually qualified for these is irrelevant; Megaupload’s subjective belief in these defenses should destroy the wilfulness requirement. Thus, the government is simply making up the law to try to hold Megaupload accountable for its users’ uploading/downloading,” Goldman writes.
I don't remember the live action parts with LeVar Burton as much, but apparently that was a big part of each episode. I didn't realize that the rest of the episode centered around a theme from the book. Smart!
This dish is also incredibly versatile. You can add practically anything to the cream sauce base- any kind of meat or veggies you like! It's sure to please everyone, even super picky eaters!
5) Going out in the rain and bouncing my tennis balls in the puddles.
In The Blue Nowhere, Jeffery Deaver tells us about Wyatt Gillette, a computer wizard, by focusing our attention on Gillette’s hands. Gillette has thick yellow calluses on the tips of his muscular fingers, and even when Gillette is not at a computer, his fingers move constantly as if typing on an invisible keyboard. I know somewhere in the novel Deaver described Gillette, but did he really need to? Don’t we get a feeling for the character from those two significant details?
"I told the LC that I felt like a human pacifier. She told me never to say that again. She said I am a mother. Mothers are made to comfort their child. For newborns- that includes comforting them at the breast. She told me that pacifiers were made to replace the mother's breast. NOT the other way around."
“Even if one disagreed violently with Khoza, nowhere in a democracy would taxpayers' money be abused so blatantly to enforce a false consensus. This is not just abuse. It is corruption.”
I have gone and done it....the unthinkable. Miss organised personified has become a techie messmonster of the worse kind. I managed to miss the emails for not only one but two parent teacher evenings this past week. This has never happened to me before!
The toilet stinks. There is no lid on the loo seat so I prop myself in the corner between the sink and the window and try not to inhale too much. I cry till it hurts. Hurts more. My father would have hugged me if he’d seen me.
Theatres are a great way to make airports feel more like home. Let us choose from different entertainment rooms like the Action Film theatre, Comedy theatre, or Sports theatre featuring multiple screens playing games from around the world. You could watch your game with surround-sound or with headphones that translate the play-by-play into your language. And to avoid missed flights, just pre-program your flight number into your headphones, so you receive a red alert when it’s time to board.
“What do you mean? Speak plainly, woman!”
LT: You’ve been up in the Northern Isles. I’d imagine that’s a pretty special thing for any touring band?
4. Went back to REI (where I had a dividend to spend) to choose between the Forerunner 110 and the 210. I went with the 210 because of the interval function, which in retrospect was super worth the extra $$, allowing me to run intervals anywhere. This is especially useful since I don’t have easy access to a track.
but because God provides for every need.
I have felt abandoned and rejected, but I’ve come to realize that He has been there all along. I wrote about that in my previous post. He never abandoned me, instead he was there for me in the most important way of all; He loved me. It has been tempting to ask the question “How could you do this to me?”, but the things that happened to me weren’t done by Him. God wasn’t the one running me over, knocking me flat to the ground. God was the paramedic who tended to me after and helped me heal and survive.
This is what the blog world is all about: connections.
so, on Thursday night he moved most of his stuff out of his room into the kitchen, then on Friday he dismantled his bed and brought that down too, a mattress was propped up in the living room most of the day until he finally took it away in a van Friday afternoon.
Goat Cheese Panna Cotta
Every time he heard a B flat
And that is where the proof lies - in the competition. Because so far, every athlete that has had to come "clean" has had that "spike" in production in their given sport. From McGwire's spike in home runs, to Kelli White's World Championship runs to Tim Montgomery and Ben Johnson's WR setting. All, and others, went from being world class to top of the class during their period of PED usage. Looking at their performances prior to and their performances during, its hard to deny that the PED's enhanced their performances.
* "Mama Kat Blues: protecting our babies' names", here. Waking from her hibernation, guest Kat Tara introduces non-US readers to the unfamiliar terms "blue ivy" and "travyon" which, on closer inspection, turn out to be forenames.
Step 3
Or alternately, dabbling in bolshy politics.
Understanding that this tendency to judge in me, is an aspect of this consciousness that I have accepted as a separate being supports me in facing the relationships that I have made from it and in looking at them straight on, and so in taking responsibility for all of these relationships of judgement I have made I can walk through self forgiveness.
Marty: "What about all that talk about the space time continuum?"
I love the bravery of a writer who sticks to the page; who believes that if they are good enough people will read them, and if not, then perhaps they will make their mark on a select few. I feel like we’ve lost that authenticity a bit these days, and for the younger generations, I worry they won’t read good novels. They won’t peruse the shelves of bookstores and inhale the scent of paper. They won’t be as affected by true artists… we’re so over stimulated, it’s hard to distinguish hard work from a quick payday sometimes. But, I know there’s good everywhere, and keeping our eye on successful, inspirational, positive men and women is always a step in the right direction.
CHUNG LING SOO, “The Celestial Chinese Conjurer”
A quote to analyze: Bonnie: “A witch cant truly make an immortal creature; there’s always a way to undo a spell.” Hmm so can we kill Ric? Correction: Can we save Ric?
As to the photos, I used Photoshop Elements to arrange them on an 8 x 10 and then ordered the print from Walgreens - thanks to Kristina Werner for her awesome video tutorial - she ROCKS!!
There is a huge opportunity for Indian businesses.
This is why on any Shanghai-based TV show, men are pictured wearing aprons, mopping floors and picking up the kid from school.
Amanda and I began walking through each aid station as we guzzled down water or Gatorade with the rest of the crowds. It seemed a great majority were either walking through the stations or stopping completely to take in liquids. While the volunteers were spectacular, there were several stations where the tables were completely void of water cups. Not because there weren’t any, but because the volunteers could not fill the cups fast enough. Each aid station was a sea of green crushed Poland Springs and Gatorade cups.
Also there is the strong feeling (and this is the one I personally identify with) that she is not fit for anything else; that she has been morphed and transformed by prostitution in such a manner as to make living in the ‘real world’ simply impracticable. What this stressor does, and does with great ruthlessness, is to convince us – once we have found ourselves here – that we are unable to operate in this normal non-prostituted reality occupied by the majority of humans, which seemed for so long exactly the Nirvana we were all missing, and seeking.
Once I've made it through the implements, I'm sent to stand in the corner with some more 'talking-to' to make sure I've learned my lesson. The way my house is arranged, the laptop can also catch me in the corner from where it was placed for the spanking. So he can ensure that I'm standing still, with my arms at my side, and not fidgeting.
"We are contacting you to let you know that Viscopy and Copyright Agency have entered into a services agreement whereby Copyright Agency will provide all services to Viscopy’s members and licensees. Viscopy will retain its board and its membership.
Sensing that the Supreme Court will declare Obamacare unconstitutional, a leading voice for the Democratic Party is now trying to put a happy face on the prospect. This is the center piece of Obama's first and hopefully last term. Polls indicate that the vast majority hate Obamacare, but its defeat may be a good thing says James Carville.
#2) Tutu’s Soup Hale. I discovered Tutu’s one afternoon because I was meeting some friends at an art show near it. When I had some extra time to spare before the show began, I ducked into Tutu’s to see their menu. It’s painted bright and cheerful, and they open the doors so the cool breeze blows through it. I was instantly drawn to it. Then I met the owners…Bert and Sage. They are the reason I went back so much. I didn’t work Monday-Friday, so I drove 45 minutes into Kapa’a almost every day to eat breakfast with Bert and Sage. They became my Kauai “parents.” I could talk all day long about the fantastic food, but I’ll just leave you with my 3 recommendations: Chai tea (best on the island), Bert’s Breakie, and Gorgonzola Walnut Cranberry Salad. This is a little embarrassing, but I had a Bert’s Breakie pretty much every day for an entire month. Sage said when she met Bert, that’s what he ate for breakfast every day! It’s a croissant filled with scrambled eggs, salsa, and veggie sausage. I miss them. Oh, I should also add they have intuitive readings, and wanting to take full advantage of the Kauai experience, I totally did it. You should know I was a queen in a previous life! Tutu’s is in the Kinipopo Shopping Village right off the Kuhio Highway.
The French police series Spiral produced another brilliant season, whilst Braquo also finally made it to UK screens, and in the process threatened to make the corruption and lawbreaking of The Shield’s Vic Mackey and co. look like an episode of The Bill.
I have never been fond of the arrangement in this country, which essentially dictates that for communication purposes, there are two options - Optus or Telstra. I've been to Optus. I won't be going back.
In the last couple of weeks the maggots have rejected books for various reasons. Some of them of have been fine stories, but they are just not what the maggots are looking for. Reasons for rejection have been:
In his defence, Ooi said he genuinely felt that his reference to Mohd Razali as a “religious extremist” was reasonable and justified.’
I had traced off the shape onto the Lutrador so that I had lines to follow, then machine stitched through all layers, following the lines. I cut out the leaf as close to the stitching as I could and then burned away the holes with a soldering iron.
Happy Sunday everyone! It is Pink Lady Kylie Blonde here. Have you been enjoying our Big Birthday bash so far? I know I love this Birthday set from Heather. I've used two of the images from the set for this Joy Fold card tutorial.
If I had not met her and if her birthday had not been on a certain date and if I had not been going to get the last postal collection that day… it would not have happened 21 years ago and I would not have been sleeping on the floor and in quite a lot of pain the last two days.
it moves you
Today I found myself,
The only concrete thing on our agenda was taking a tour of the Biltmore House. Even though the forecast was calling for rain all day, the bad weather held off and left us an absolutely perfect day to tour the house and its many beautiful gardens.
The colours,
My dad's favorite saying,which I truly love, is Caca pasa!! Put that in google translator. ;-D
No Wine, but Much Faith
The psychologist, Paul Fraise, gave a nice description of how we process information in the moment:
Let me just be a complete asshole and start out like a Vogue article, showing you shit none of us will ever be able to afford. Just to get my point across that there are cuter boots out there than these.
This home was built in 1925! BUT has had amazing renovations done to it. It's still old and needs some work on the inside and it's not perfect but I LOVE the charm of it!
If you are unable to make such a trip, then just use the phone. Call up your representatives, and others as well. If you identify yourself as a member of an activist group, the chances are good that one of the aides will take your call. (If they do not, or if they are out, then leave a message.)
9 bags Lay's Potato chips
Selsor’s attorney, Robert Nance, invoked Christian religious beliefs and cited biblical scriptures as he urged board members to commute Selsor’s death penalty.
But let’s just say no one’s perfect, and dropping your kids off in a suburban shopping district and expecting them to deal is not the same as driving them into the Mojave and leaving them with a half-filled bottle of Vitamin Water.
It's the rest of it that I'm unsure about, and a lot of it I need to get done in the next two weeks.
No news is.....impossible.
"I'm bringing back fedoras and corruption. Bribes accepted here." Sound like a pretty decent campaign slogan to me.
As I’ve mentioned before, our Group 2 raids on Tuesday/Wednesday and is currently only raiding on Wednesday to alleviate lag issues that plague some members on the higher-population start of the raiding week.
There's a feral cat group here in Madison that will fix the cats you bring it. When we first thought we had one feral, we discussed a live trap to get the cat and bring it in. Now two?
As this tin is a little longer and smaller, I think I’ll stick to the rules and keep this beside my bed with letters and photos.
Mama and baby are doing well.
June 10 – Concordia University – Edmonton
(And Vincent was winding himself up)
Brain Box 2 (video) – Production Company
Will was going to my mum's house straight afterwards and left here glittering from head to toe.
New York:
My favourite subject was English Language. And I was Best in Class. I sat in the corner, furthest away from the teacher because I was the best. The worst at English sat next to the teacher and they would get hit regularly. Nice. The school had an annual anthology and a couple of us from our class got something in there. Shit poems, you know the sort. Teenage boys' poetry is the worst. Especially when you throw in some prog rock lyrics.
Go for a walk. If you’ve been staring at your computer screen for more than a few minutes, get up. Sometimes just crossing the room can shake a thought loose, other times it’s worth taking a ten-minute stroll around your building. You’ll find your brain continues working on the problem without you even realizing.
However, I still think that the petition to remove benefits from rioters is one of the stupidest things I’ve ever come across. It be difficult to implement, expensive to monitor, likely to back fire and based on the somewhat erroneous assumption that those who were rioting were claiming benefits. But there’s no reason to bring murdered children into this.
Additionally, should someone from the media request a review copy of your book we will send your press release, a complimentary copy of your book and notify you of this request.”
Councilman Brad Lander, Councilman Steve Levin, and District leader Joanne Simon.
All day the light changed from eerie mist to gloomy rain to shafts of sunlight and back again. The entire landscape, the Robin Hood Tree included, looked different from moment to moment.
In the world of endurance sports, exercise isn't just an activity, but a lifestyle."
In the end we were all hauled down to the office and the three older boys were suspended, while I received a rather pointed lecture about solving my problems with words instead of my fists. (That lecture did not take by the way.)
So it is yes to Wall Street, no to Main Street and the Tea Party continue to rally around him.
So I had this picture taken of me at a youth conference once (I'm thinking it was like in 1999 or 2000). I kept it in a box with other photos from our youth events back then. About a year after it was taken I had a desk calendar that had cute quotations and I kept it on my desk at work. The day my birthday came up, November 28th, there was this amazing quote about "you'll never know to what heights you can soar until you spread your wings," and immediately I remembered that picture of ME with my arms spread wide. An eternal dreamer, I knew this quote was made just for me...and what luck, it was posted on my birthday!! And what a coincidence! I have a picture of me with my arms spread out just like the girl in the animation! I pulled out the picture and I framed it next to the calendar quotation and kept it on my desk until I stopped working after my first child was born. I had forgotten about it until I was looking through those old albums again a few weeks ago.
First wipe the chandelier, as far as possible, with the wool dust cloth. Cover each bulb or candle holder with a plastic bag and then tighten with rubber band to prevent the water to enter the electrical system. Hang up the umbrella with the handle of one of the ramps of the chandelier. Spray thoroughly all glass parts, until the dirty water begins to drop. Umbrella will collect the dirty water. Then move to the other side and continue.
I created it in several layers
#1 Modesty How many of you think this is an issue? How many of you simply don’t get why it even is an issue? How many of you wish you understood better what modesty should look like from a biblical worldview? Let’s define modesty. Does anyone want to offer some of the Bible verses applicable to this?
But when it comes to someone that’s conniving, has a shitty holier-than-thou attitude, or is just plain snarky and mean, you’ll tend to focus on every one of their negative traits – including their looks. Their wonky asymmetrical eyes suddenly becomes really apparent, and that way they just naturally leave their mouth slightly open by default as if they were Scooby Doo becomes the most irritating thing in the world.
Here is the cooooooooolest Bday present I got this year. My dear friend, Kevin drew this for me. :) He is a fantastic artist. God given talent, that I respect immensely.I told him I have been ignoring my blog..I needed a muse..I think this little fella was a gesture to inspire me, back to doing something I love.
Nothing. Usually cellphone in left pants, keys in right, wallet in jacket breast.
Barefoot & Bliss Barefoot Splash
I woke up this morning stupidly early .. and by that I mean, like .. after 4 hours sleep. I looked across at my phone, saw the time and said to myself, sod that. I wasn’t about to get up and be awake all day .. not a chance, not today. I got up eventually at around 10am and went downstairs to see the Mum and Dad had gone out. They had gone to Weston Favell and then to pick up my new chair.
From World History, Connections to Today, published by Prentice Hall:
Thanks so much for stopping by! Have a great weekend!
And before anyone else is "just sayin" about my seed organization, those sorters were created long before I understood the importance of plant families. They'll be updated and re-organized during our slow, summer season.
within myself
1 head Romaine lettuce, chopped
“But I want them to be more than curious; I want them to be intoxicated.”
Morocco is beautiful. There are details and colors carved within the Medina walls that just leave you stunned and architecture that leaves you breathless. The call to prayer is eerily beautiful and a constant reminder that you're in an exotic destination. Outside the cities there is nature that is simply wild and beautiful.
Digi Image Hayley and Harley from Saturated Canary
6: (?) question with no answer (?) 7:31
351Then sadly say, with mutual pity mov'd,
"From the time I was tiny, the people around me, my parents, were regular readers. And from the time I was tiny, they read aloud to me. Poetry, the newspaper, picture books, you name it. Words were something I appreciated from a young age."
There are 17 acres of hilly, grassy pastures for the ponies to go out on. The barn has a ton of fans in it and a big blower over the isle. The stalls are super airy so there is some massive airflow going on so the flys don't have a chance, HUGE plus! Klein will have relief when she needs it! Klein will have her own big stall that she will come into for her grain or if the weather gets ugly or the bugs get thick. The barn owner said if she sees the bugs start really bothering them or the weather is ugly she'll bring everyone in. You all know I hate Klein being in a stall but if it is to keep her out of bad weather or to provide relief from the bugs at dusk then I don't have an issue. I'd rather have her comfortable. She'll go right back out anyway. She won't be in a stall for more than a matter of hours. Of the ponies that were in that morning under their fans all of them were relaxing and half asleep. Another great thing is that the barn owner lives on site. Her house is literally about 50 feet from the barn.
14. Ebury Down
When it got past day fifty on the photography challenge, I stopped planning what to shoot. To begin with I had a list that I kept adding to of places to go and things to photograph, but eventually the list ended and I had to figure it out ‘on the hop.’ I realised that ultimately, I would have to wait and see what photographs came my way. If it started to get dark, I would then need to begin panicking!
The miraculous good news is that, 15 years later, in the height of the summer, it’s still virtually empty…until our flock of 30+ Londergans hits the beach. If you come in early morning, though, you’ll be sharing the place only with a myriad of birds, and that is a sacred experience. Wait until noon and you’ll have to walk across ferociously hot slatted walkways from the parking lot (of about 12 cars), pass over the dunes, and plop your towel down before you can blast into the surf. East Beach has the best waves on the island IMHO (in my humble opinion) so it’s our go-to place for beach action.
No Labor Minister or leader ever has an easy job. The urgency that rests behind the Labor movement, pushing it on to do things, to create new conditions, to reorganise the economy of the country, always means that the people who work within the Labor movement, people who lead, can never have an easy job. The job of the evangelist is never easy.
And first we did a little of this:
I get super anxious reading the headlines...so much crap going on everywhere. BUT THERE IS STILL SO MUCH GOOD everywhere as well...
There are maps, newspaper clippings, a handwritten account of the Draft Riots in 1863, deeds, estate inventories, pictures of the Lefferts homestead (interior shots included), bills of sale for slaves and all sorts of other interesting material.
"Its my favorite because I loved being able to tie everything together. Though the ending isn't everyone's favorite. I'd say 90% are okay with it, and 10% hate it. But it's still my favorite"
This is tantamount to hiring Charles Manson to evaluate the appropriateness of cults and sadistic crimes.
However, when I’m at Disney, I can’t hear your disapproval because magic pixie dust makes all of the world’s problems disappear and all the people come together and hold hands, singing songs of peace and cooperation. Cartoon characters come to life and people in the parks smile and talk to one another. It is probably not uncommon to strike up a friendly conversation there, with the same human being that you wished a fiery death on while driving on the toll roads to the park that very morning.
While it is, indeed, a history of the making of Minnesota and a good tale, “North Country” is a select tale. Perhaps expectations could be served with a change in title: “The Native Minnesotans: Politics and Culture Leading to the Sioux Uprising.” For that is what it covers, and there it ends. This book does not tell much about any group except as they relate to the Indians.
your animal prints - some of you even used both, which was fantastic to see!
Once you are under contract to purchase a home in Georgia, you enter the due diligence period, during which you, as a buyer, does all relevant inspections and investigations and ultimately decide whether or not you would like to proceed with the sale. This is very buyer-friendly, since during this period the seller is bound to the buyer and cannot enter into other contracts for the sale of the home (except as back ups)– but the buyer is free to terminate the contract with no penalty.
Did I hear this one before? I get the feeling that Paul McGarry might've sent me a dub of it (considering Bent Wind's Canadian origins and just how much pride the man has for such patriotic recordings) but the thing got buried under about three strata of junk mail and fanzines. Whatever, now I've heard this ultra-legendary psychedelic album all these years later what else can I say other'n this one is a clear winner! The overbearing guitars do help a whole lot, plus the entire feel of this under-the-covers act benefits from the garage production and atypical hard-drive which seems to take a li'l from the San Francisco groups and perhaps a tad from the surviving English exponents of the form. Actually the first platter that came to my mind while hearing this was the classic Cold Sun reissue from a few years back, and if you think that I can think of a higher compliment to pay Bent Wind I'm afraid you're sadly mistaken!
I had a wonderful professor in graduate school who challenged me to think. She offered extensive opportunities to read viewpoints from across the spectrum in dealing with race, ethnicity, and gender. She was a tough grader but made her students push themselves. I liked her, I liked what she stood for, and I liked the way she made me excel.
Thankfully it was delivery day so it allowed me to spend as much time away from casual chat about it being cold as possible. The problem is that I get bored of talking about the weather in a purely literal basis. Yes, it's cold. Yes, it was hot last week. I'm far more interested in the why. Unfortunately, if I ever try and steer the conversation in that direction then I get this:
St. Louis vs. Oakland
Fast forward to a year down the road. My dad and I were eating at a restaurant in San Francisco. Even though we thought my allergy was from pine nuts, we weren't 100% sure. He ordered a salad topped with pine nuts, and I got brave (or stupid) and bit off a tiny portion of one pine nut. Sure enough, my body reacted with a swollen throat, itchy lips, wheezing, and my nose was completely closed up. Thankfully I didn't get hives all over my body like the first time, but I also only bit off a portion of of a pine nut during this test. After this test, I was 100% sure I had a pine nut allergy.
Paper: Whisper White, Concord Crush
STARRING THE VOICES OF: Kelly Macdonald, Emma Thomspon, Billy Connolly, Julie Walters, Kevin McKidd, Craig Ferguson, Robbie Coltrane
During the 1950s, Mengele moved freely around the world and the U.S. As late as 1956, he boldly obtained a passport in his name. He traveled to Zurich, Switzerland to visit his family and married his brother’s widow. Mengele’s trauma-torture based mind control data, research, and methodology were incorporated in America’s experimental behavior manipulation programs later incorporated into the CIA’s projects Bluebird and Artichoke which, in 1953, became Helm’s MKULTRA Program.
But the drama started well before when eight players were suspended and sent home. Allegedly, some of the players invited prostitutes into their hotel. And those ladies of the night ended up stealing a lot of valuable electronics. Instead of keeping mum, the players report the stolen stuff. An investigation reveals the prositutes and the rule-breaking. Who would have thought differently?
Chican@ novel and how this might influence the experience of the reader. Remember to use direct citations from the novel to support your ideas and theories.
The Bible is a really interesting book.
"Mom, you're silly."
Ensure your emails are in step with any branding you have done. You really should be together with your company colors, logos and everything else unique for a business with your emails. Customers must be able to recognize your emails after they get to their in-boxes to make sure they usually are not automatically deleted.
Lesson learn people WORLD DOMINATION is NOT AN EASY JOB ITS A DEDICATION, the story is simple win your HAREM a HEUG HAREM at that and DOMINATE THE WORLD cause your “Imouto”/”Legal Wife” says so. Well ejoy this pleasingly hard game least its not as hard as “that certain space game” hahahaha. the CGs well its Oyari doing all the coloring from the various artist contributed sp yeah expect the consistency but for Kenshin she still uses the same render from Rance so yeah. ENJOY YOUR DEDICATION
Bam: Since SOS I have messed with some unknown bands, which are not worth mentioning from Hip-Hop to Jazz and Rock. I also helped in my community, setting up a radio station as well as mentoring younger artists. Currently I am one half of a group called Burnt Brasse with Aqil and we are
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease your cake pan.
So sex crimes up by a 100 per cent, and next to that headline, the Guardian have a picture of a smiling DCP Richardson…I was nonplussed. But, I soldier on, because within the first paragraph of the story Richardson takes, what for me is a horror headline and dresses it up with glitter by informing us that this increased figure reflects confidence in the Police service…..somebody please come and pick my jaw up off the floor……sighhhhh. So, apparently the logic is that more people are feeling comfortable about reporting sex crimes because they have more confidence in the police service….I willing to take bets that how it really went is like this…People went to the real Police Commissioner first, and COP Ian Alleyne tell them, make a police report first and then check meh back and we go sort this out….doh hot yuh head!
Roambi Analytics introduced a series of so called Views. Each of these views is interesting in its own and warrants a more in-depth coverage; I’ll just enumerate them briefly.
Still, TCM has been a fun story to work on. I'm enjoying writing the current chapter but am hung up on describing one of my favorite sensations-the smell of two girls having sex. I feel like I could wax poetic on it for days but when it comes right down to it I'm having trouble getting the point across. I'm also striving to shatter a standard American Fiction trope-that is to say, when you get married, the story ends and the credits roll. Our (as yet unnamed) Hero is happily married, albeit in a quasi open marriage, but he and Carmen will still manage to have plenty of adventures.
Mix all ingredients together in a jar, tighten the lid and shake. I like to let the dressing sit for at least 30 minutes so the flavors blend together. You could even set the dressing in a cupboard over night.
The next Guest Sweet Sunday Stamper is......
What? Personality reports you ask?
1. Cross country
"Is it magic?" The girl giggled and oh did she have a horrible giggle....worse than Cassandra's. And that was saying a lot.
At least it looks like the weather’s going to be pleasant for this one, right?
You can pick up Alcohol Inks at fabulous prices through the Funkie Junkie Boutique. New Alcohol Inks as well as other products are added everyday. There are now nearly 400 products in the boutique, including over 220 Tim Holtz/Ranger products at really terrific savings! And right now through the end of April, for orders of $75 or more Linda will split the shipping 50/50 with you, including international shipping. That's a heck of a deal!
In human history, writing and literature have never worked that way.
“That’s so unscientific…”
Let's get to the heart of this right away. How can we "do" Romanticism in an age of cynical post-modern irony? I don't pretend to have the answer, but the question is a hefty one. And Jonathan Kent's new production of The Flying Dutchman at ENO asks it full on. That is not the least reason it is so effective. Whether or not the director intended to do so, he's sunk his teeth into one of the big artistic conundrums of today. It deserves to be brought into the open.
Tuesday, October 23rd–I went to therapy and watched “Antoine et Colette.”
The useful tools that aren't so pretty are put in less conspicuous places. For instance, on the trestle shelf of my desk, I keep a tea tin for storing USB cords and a huge tape measure sits on top of that. Just behind the desk there is a bookcase that holds a desktop file box (with neat looking file folders), a printer, and lots of storage boxes that contain and hide everything from paint fan decks to samples and fabric remnants. This area is about to change though...will keep you posted on that plan. Anyhow, the idea is that I try to keep it simple, edit out anything I don't use often, and hide the stuff that isn't nice to look at.
At some point, the beleaguered black residents thereabouts will become disgusted with the pathetic spectacle and pounce upon them en masse, rightfully knocking them about and taking those iPods, iPhones and iPads. And won’t they look dashing pedaling those expensive new bikes back home?
Many very bad omens indicated that the time had come for humanity to drift away. Seeing so many immoral and base deeds driven by greed and the like, the King spoke to his younger brother.
(Reuters) - Plans for nuclear power investment in the United States will be sidelined but not derailed by the problems Japan is having with the Fukushima nuclear plant, experts said in a panel discussion..
The incident occurred in Facility A, Housing Unit #6 and the cell was secured and processed as a crime scene.
was said to have converted the
- Michelle Malkin, In Defense of Internment: The Case for ‘Racial Profiling’ in World War II and the War on Terror (Washington, D.C.: Regnery, 2004).
The 19th floor’s main tenant is a company called Union Alpha, the Hong Kong arm of an accounting firm that provides “professional services to meet clients’ daily business needs, both in Hong Kong, Greater China and globally,” including auditing and assurance services, management consulting, accountancy and other services, according to the firm’s website.
Sitting at my desk, contemplating life and my to-do list....
I wanted to lose weight this year and started out strong and lost some......didn't lose any more but kept off what I did lose......gold star
Yesterday, we had lunch out and decided to stop by a nearby studio. The girl at the desk told us that there weren’t any artists available, but that one was subbing for the piercer and could at least talk to me about what I wanted done.
So ashamed of my life, my life, my life
Generally, I was not a participant in the shenanigans in class.
On May 5th, simply ask for our sign-in sheet at the branch locations (Commodity Circle, Aloma, Oviedo, Lake Mary, Kissimmee, and in Tampa at Fletcher Ave).
We pray that their love stand the test of time
A Christmas Carol (1999) ... TNT ... 9 PM
Colgate toothpaste was Buy One Get One Free. One box costs $4.89. I had a coupon for $1.00 off 2 boxes of Colgate toothpaste. I paid $3.89 for 2 boxes of toothpaste. I'm donating one box, so you can say I paid $1.94 for one box.
THE WATCHERS
* 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
Prep for scrap-store classes? Nuh-uh.
We're switching things up a bit with this blog post, Followers. We're going to tag-team this one - with normal type being Mommy B's thoughts and Dad-E's thoughts being italicized. Got that? K, good.
“She remembered that body from their lone but very powerful sexual encounter” (30 pgs from end of book)
Care Bears Adventures in Care-ALot
The dog snuffles round the margins of the garden. It's a bit deaf. I call it but it only hears the upper bits of the ways I try to call it.
For Megan's wall art we wanted to do something personalized and custom yet fun and simple. We decided to put her name on the wall but in a creative fun way. Megan's Aunt Jenny came up with this creative way of putting her name on the wall.
The Ballad... details the pitfalls of humanity, all essentially brought about by the most horrible addiction of all: our need of other people. Golden’s work frankly depicts the rejected, forgotten underbelly of society, just by being there and bearing witness. The abused, the addicted, the sexually different, the sick, the dying and the dead are all hear. But not for pity or for expose, for honor. These were the people she knew and loved. Perhaps summing it up best is her quote, "I used to think I couldn't lose anyone if I photographed them enough...In fact, they show me how much I've lost."
1/2 cup grated carrots
Prior to reacting with rhodopsin, transducin is bound to another molecule called GDP. When it connects with rhodopsin, transducin releases the GDP molecule and is linked to a new molecule called GTP. That is why the new complex consisting of the two proteins (rhodopsin and transducin) and a smaller molecule (GTP) is called “GTP-transducin-rhodopsin.”
i am so mad
Ladies Love Outlaws
Things to be cherished like the thought of heaven?
The give away is going to be epic! Zoh has hand embroidered a tote with her signature Raven print and I'm offering up a Brand new I Do Declare skirt in my new favorite fabric!
She beamed now, closing her eyes and showing her teeth. I pinched her cheek and moved my focus down to her neck. She’d hit me if I approached her throat.
Fourth Stage is a come-down to reality. You begin to be serious about connecting with the community, using your time in important activities. Hubby and I began to volunteer and join different groups. Some things were easy, such as coaching, or running the local food pantry. Some, a bit more complicated, like running for school board, or teaching at the local college. We still travel, but not with the same frequency. We keep active by participating and taking classes, entertaining friends and family. We live as though this is what we will be doing the rest of our lives here.
8And said to them, Go back with much wealth to your tents, and with very much cattle, with silver and gold and brass and iron, and with a very great store of clothing; give your brothers a part of the goods taken in the war.
When I came home, I sent both Heather and Ellen a text telling them about my bout of insanity. Not to brag, mind you, but to get yelled at so I'd take them back. They did not do that. Ellen wanted pictures, so I obliged and she convinced me to take the tags off and keep em! That is exactly what I did! I took the tags off, threw em in the garbage so I can't return them and OWNED the fact that I just bought these jeans. So I am a proud owner of a fancy new pair of jeans. All I have to say is that they DAMN well better last a long time, or I will be PISSED! I will not feel guilty or ashamed of my purchase any longer. I may not have "deserved" these jeans, but I am in a place where I am able to buy them and splurge, so why not? It's been years since I've splurged on myself and the past few months I've done some splurging and it feels really great! I forgot how much I enjoy doing things just for myself. Going to school is not only for me, but for my family as well. My laptop was for school. My jeans and itouch are for me and that is OK!
A graduate of American Institute of Holistic Theology with a Bachelor of Science in Metaphysics, Yvonne Perry is a metaphysical teacher, coach, host of We Are one in Spirit Podcast. She is the author of Whose Stuff Is This? Finding Freedom from the Thoughts, Feelings, and Energy of Those around You, which is designed to help highly-sensitive people manage emotional energy, and More Than Meets the Eye ~ True Stories about Death, Dying, and Afterlife, a book that sheds light on various topics regarding death, the dying process, and spirit visitations from the Other Side.
I cannot tell you how hard it was to get up, nor how much it hurt to sit up in the car on the way home. I was sooooo full, but it's ok since I ate nothing all day in preparation.
But we Boers are not colonialists or imperialists. The Boers never engaged in any "Christianizing" mission work to convert the heathens as did the American, Scottish and German missionaries. Our forebears wisely thought it best not to interfere with those values and views that other people cherish and hold sacred. The Boers made no bones about the fact that they were not great supporters of the capitalist system, as it was seen to be nothing else than another form of Imperialism. No wonder then that the Irish, the Russians, and so many others from Europe joined in the defense of our freedom. The Boers never sought to "civilize" and "develop" other racial and cultural groups from a position of cultural superiority. The Afrikaners tried it for many ears, and failed dismally in more than one way.
Do you notice how the two aren’t similar? Yes, it’s because what you’re doing is a logical fallacy. It’s called a false analogy. You compared two things that aren’t the same to each other in order to make an argument.
1282 **D-X/28/1997. “The Use and Abuse of Third-Rate Books.” An Introduction to The Thinker as Artist, Item B-7 (1997), above. Seminary Cooperative Book Store, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(4), above, pp. 774-81.)
(Luke 11:4) “And forgive us our sins, for we ourselves forgive everyone indebted to us. And do not bring us to the time of trial.”
However, not only are our workers competing against cut price workers, our economies are competing against cut price economies and we can’t survive unless we start treating our populations in the same way that the “successful” nations like Brazil and India treat the poor wretches in their slums and sweatshops.
Here Del is making out with Willie the Wiggle-worm, one of his hand-knit toys by yours truly. I LOVE knitting toys for my little guy, and he rewards me by lovingly drooling all over them, to mark them as his own. I’ll do a post in the future about the knitted toys with pictures of what is done so far.
cool, huh? so the other day, i took jordan to the airport, and in order to escape the scary atlanta traffic, i put in my GPS to take backroads home, and it took me through the cutest little '60's/'70's ranch house neighborhood. i think i just love all the fun, weird details these homes have, and for some reason they seem really home-ey to me. i never lived in a house like this, but i would love to own one one day!
It can't be a comic situation, radiance spurting energized under the skin;
As with pretty much everything my husband and I do, what should have been a relatively quick, easy and painless job swiftly turned into a nightmarish hellscape of home DIY gone horribly wrong.
if she drank at my bar
“In case he defies the subpoena, the French court will issue a warrant to compel appearance, and if he refuses, it could issue a warrant of arrest against him.
“So then it’s settled,” Jennifer said before rising from the couch. Blaine went back to playing his game while Luther sat there thinking about his meeting. Whatever he did tomorrow, he had to ensure his presence was left under the syndicate’s radar.
You can get the low down on the Turd World Hellhole our once proud and stunning country has morphed into by visiting the new site HERE.
She listened to her collection of CDs, mostly classical, plus some golden oldies. She jocularly divided her life into “before stroke” and “after stroke”, like BC and AD.
To make the Dark Cacao Chocolate, melt the cacao butter in a medium-sized mixing bowl over a pot filled with warm water. Using a sifter, sift the cacao powder in a small mixing bowl and set aside. Once the cacao butter is melted, mix in the maple syrup, vanilla, cacao powder. Whisk until the overall mixture is a smooth, liquid consistency.
Here is a list of materials:
11. Sista Jane
1 Pet 1:22 (Jer) You have been obedient to the truth and purified your souls until you can love like brothers, in sincerity; let your love for each other be real and from the heart.
If it seems unnatural, I guess that’s just the way it is. Perhaps if I don’t mention it, no one else will notice.
As soon as they arrive at their destination they were ambushed. Arrows fly at them and Brawny-Warrior Yong Sol fought several men. Our J4R (Joseon F4 Rangers) ride off pursued by another batch of men as they keep shooting arrows.
20ml milk (I used low fat fresh milk)
“Wonder what his last meal will be. How do they choose that anyway? Shrimp and steak or lobster bisque? Macaroni and cheese? How can you enjoy a meal knowing you only have hours left? Or what movie to watch? What would you choose?”
Portobello
To some Mayan scholars, in a continuing calendar the doom-and-gloom scenario is far more likely to play itself out, not in 2012, but around the year 2032.
So John Hope Bryant’s article says, “what if Bill Gates were Black?” What changes would you see in the Black community? What would Black children aspire to become if they saw a Black employer hiring thousands of people within their community? How many Black people could be employed (since unemployment is HIGHEST in the Black community)? How many of our children would be encouraged to excel in STEM courses and pursue careers in those fields so that they too could grow up to ‘be like Bill’?
Thanks for joining me for this weeks TMI Friday, Kids!
The finding comes from an analysis of the birth, death, and marital records of 5,923 people born between 1760 and 1849 in four farming or fishing villages in Finland. Researchers led by evolutionary biologist Alexandre Courtiol of the Institute for Advanced Study Berlin picked this time period because agriculture was well established by then and there were strict rules against divorce and extramarital affairs. The team looked at four aspects of life that affect survival and reproduction, key signposts of natural selection: Who lived beyond age 15, who got married and who didn’t, how many marriages each person had (second marriages were possible only if a spouse died), and how many children were born in each marriage. “All these steps can influence the number of offspring you have,” says Courtiol.
Start with the outer frame to learn the shape.
I couldn’t see everything so I walked around the house to find a better view. There were two windows on the first side of the house. The first was a window for the kitchen. It was a mess since pots and pans were everywhere. The next window was a dark bedroom.
The world is full of wonders.
1. MATCH YOUR PRODUCT
Back then, you visited the Islands if you owned an airplane, or a friend’s private yacht transported you magically from Nassau. Nowadays major airlines flew to the doorstep.
"Give your eyes a rest do your ears a favor listen to the walking entertainment center"
We've also had a couple of floods, a fair serve of rain, and not a lot of excessive heat, which is always a bonus here. I think we only put the swampy on twice through the summer, and only then because I must be getting soft :-)
Don’t tell Lisa Sellman that one person can’t make a difference. She knows better.
Anyhow after searching forever, I finally found the perfect rug!!!
1) Measure and cut 2 pieces of ribbon and decide how you want them positioned. I found it easier to apply the glue directly to the ribbon instead of the towel.2) Fold the excess around to the back and glue in place.3) When applying ribbon to the second towel, lay the first one next to it so you get consistent spacing.
Paint: Eco Spec by Benjamin Moore
Applications for Student Council are now available in the main office!
I had zero rubbing alcohol on hand, but I did have Sea Breeze. Sure enough the first ingredient was alcohol. Like a teenager with acne, I overloaded cotton balls with Sea Breeze and went to work. Sigh of relief. It. Was. Coming. Out. Thank. You. Lord. (Serious prayer of thanks I assure you.)
1 minute – Kick-off. AND IT’S GO, GO, GO! (Murray Walker joke there! Shame he’s dead.)
In truth, I love Halloween and its excuse to wear a costume just as much as the next gal, and I did have some pretty cool costumes in high school and undergrad. But since then, through grad school and my career path to date, I've been so perpetually busy and/or exhausted that I have only bothered with a costume in two of the last eight years. But the stars have all aligned perfectly this year, and I'm about to lend some credence to the remarks of said strangers. Seriously, the timing couldn't be better: 1) Halloween is on a Saturday this year, and there is a party I can go to, and I had a one-week-early Halloween-themed ballroom dance social to attend this past Saturday; 2) the production schedule for the shows I'm working on is such that, for once, Halloween does not land just before or just after a show opening, so I can afford the time to do something for myself and even go out on the weekend; 3) I happened last week upon a completely insensible, not-appropriate-for-work-or-errands-or-even-going-out-clubbing (the latter of which I don't do anyhow), silvery, scrunchy, delicious skirt in the window of one of the tacky cheapie shops where the high school girls (and, um, I?) shop in Philly, and I HAD TO have it.
But some days I get too busy, and I forget to remind them how much they mean to me. So, Valentine's Day or not, here's a quick "I love you" to each of the special girls in my life:
Or like when I got hubby's birthday present (wireless headphones) a whole two weeks before his birthday and I had to just look at it sitting in Owen's closet all wrapped up and pretty while his old headphones were (literally) falling apart before my very eyes. Two weeks, people. It was torture. Until I let him open it exactly two days before his actual birthday. See. I told you it was bad.
Democrats are more likely to have tattoos (18%) than Republicans (14%) and Independents (12%) while nearly equal percentages of males (16%) and females (15%) have tattoos.
As a preliminary to this discussion, I will consider in more detail what it would mean to implement Option 1, especially in light of recent developments in Europe. I will then reexamine certain issues I first brought up in SGW to explain why I am now convinced that Option 2 will never play a central role in de-Islamization efforts. Finally, I will consider what an escalation of the conflict between natives and Muslims in Europe would consist of in the absence of Option 2, how it might come to pass that Option 3 would be gradually incorporated into de-Islamization efforts, and how Option 3 might eventually render itself unnecessary.
when I tried to remedy the piled-up
my mother liked - like, EVER - I would invariably never know what I should draw for her and so I'd sit sucking the end of my 2HB wondering if she'd like flora or fauna, building or landscape, portrait or still-life. Eventually I'd do what I always did and infuriate her further with a: "Muu-uuuummm?
I love y’all so much. Thank you for Being such a bright Light in my own field of creation!! I cannot wait for the day we get to truly (((HUG)))) all our desires into manifested creation….together!!
I've read many a rave review about Liz Earle products, but never indulged, mainly because of the price but also because these products aren't really that easy to come by. However this Sheer Gold Shimmer was recommended in Company magazine and I really fancy giving it a try. I'd really like something that would give a subtle shimmer to my skin, especially when its tanned on nights out or hopefully give a gorgeous glow when out in the sun. I found that on the Liz Earle website you can get this for £8.49 for 50ml, however I found a bottle on eBay for £4.00 inc P&P.....
We left the two meat guys discussing the pros and cons of different gender combinations in triplets amongst themselves.
a lovely gesture of fall
Thanks to all of you who left your wonderful comments on my Birthday Blog Post. I wish I could send you all goodies!! You really make blogging worth it and I love you all! Stayed tuned because I will have some more blog candy soon.
Nobody was truly at fault here
4) Duck. All the same reasoning. Apparently, I love silly, fun-loving, slightly annoying characters with charisma and a good heart. What can I say.
Super Mario's appointment is far from being a cause for celebration. His alleged deal to pull back from breaking up Berlusconi's media holdings is particularly worrying.
Get a tan
Illumine our darkness with the radiance of Christ,
Ao decides he doesn’t want to pilot the giant again, for fear he’ll cause more damage than he’d prevent. On the way home, he and Naru are ambushed by Naru’s father and friends. They capture Ao and plan to use him as a bargaining chip in negotiations with Japan. The Okinawans also capture Elena in order to get Gen-Bleu’s attention, and warn them to stay out of their affairs. When an aircraft carrier-sized secret appears, escorted by a fleet of smaller secrets, Fleur and Elena engage it in battle. Both Bleu’s Ivica and Gazelle descend on the house where Ao is being held, with Gazelle ultimately rescuing him and flying him to the Nirvash, which he decides he must pilot so he’ll never have to apologize to the next generation for doing nothing.
“1) A mandatory “diversity” course for all Duke students. This proposal could be called the “Group of 88 Enrollment Initiative,” since Group members disproportionately teach such classes. 2) Residential changes to prevent “the practice of assigning housing to selective living groups and social/affinity/interest groups.” 3) Reducing time athletes can spend on travel and practice—a proposal, as one Chronicle commenter observed, effectively demands the withdrawal of Duke from the ACC. The report does not appear to have demanded a reduction of time that non-athletes are allowed to spend on extracurricular activities. 4) Raising the “low end of the admissions standards” to ensure a better-qualified student body—a fine idea in theory, but one that almost certainly seems to be hypocritical, since advocates of “diversity” in admissions almost always advocate broadening the range of admissions standards.”
Even when I'm aware and mindful, I have a plan, I follow the plan. When I have a good plan in place I begin to feel peaceful about it... things are going "as planned". I've paid this or that off "as planned". We went to this or that event "as planned". I blogged today, "as planned".
I found a ton of free printable all over the internet so I would have to design up my own.
Political Bureau, Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine
10 Let The Good Times Roll 2:57
There was an error in the second round and actually it was wine which had received the most votes, it was all still to play for at 2-1.
Calm is the first thing that comes to mind. Space inside and expanse outside. Indoors, that means unclutter, small compartments for his toys, flat shelving for his books so he chooses them by looking at their fronts rather than their spines. Outside, that means forests, mountains, meadows, rivers, oceans. It means access to the outdoors is close at hand. We're working on this. Breathing deep.
Bake at 300 degrees for 1 1/2 hours. Turn oven off, and run a knife around edge of cheesecake to loosen. Let stand in oven with door partially open for 1 1/2 hours. Remove sides of pan; cover and chill.
I don’t know how realistic this outlook is, but I do know that as the more hardcore raiders in my guild are losing interest in Dragon Soul, they’re also gaining interest in battlegrounds. Maybe I’ll get that arena rating*** yet.
ecstatic lyricism of singles like "Running Up That Hill"
*click to enlarge*
“Governance” is the process by which public ends and means are identified, agreed upon, and pursued. This is different than “government,” which relates to the specific jurisdiction in which authority is exercised. “Governance” is a broader term and encompasses both formal and informal systems of relationships and networks for decision making and problem solving.
½ cup canola oil, plus more for greasing cake pans
I'll be back in a couple days or so and see if I can give you all something to laugh about.
For those of you who are familiar enough with Asterisk, PBX in a Flash and F—PBX to know who the major players are, and would like a little light entertainment, I refer you to this thread. Bring your own popcorn.
Formed in Shijiazhuang, Hebei province, in the late 90s, Omnipotent Youth Society take their influences from the Blind Melon sort of alternative American bands in the 90s, as well as jazz, blues and psychedelic noise. They released their debut album last year, which has been highly praised by critics and fans.
Please be sure to sure to upload your creation for this week's challenge to your blog or public photo gallery, and then leave a link that goes directly to your project in the Inlinkz form at the bottom of this post by noon on Tuesday, February 15th. Please don't forget, you must always use a stamp carried by 7 Kids College Fund to be eligible for the prize.
I only changed a few words here and there just to tighten up the poem and get rid of sections I felt were clumsy.
So while it no longer makes sense to be short bonds (as Gross has figured out the hard way), what makes sense is to be very, very long duration, since this is what the Fed will be buying in Operation Twist/Torque. Enter Exhibit A – the chart of maturity/distribution of PIMCO holdings, of which most notable is the explosion in average holding duration, which from 4.56 in July, has soared to 6.27 in August, the highest since 6.23 in October, and possibly the highest on record (that said our records only go back to 2007). As part of this expansion, Gross has seen his Mortgage Securities soar to $78.5 billion, the highest since February, when Gross was actively reducing his MBS holding profile, and now is doing the opposite, and is accumulating Agency paper hand over fist in an attempt to extend duration. Bottom line: Pimco is now balls to the wall in the QE3 camp, first to be manifested by Operation Twist, and then, likely by outright Large Scale Asset Purchases. Look for numerous other copycat investors to expand the duration of their fixed income holdings from 4-5 to over 6.
that kiss has been since
e) I actually will sell it and not just talk about selling it.
What an interesting turn of events this race proved to be! I was kicking myself for registering for a repeat race and had no motivation to go up and run. Something seems to have changed - and I credit that to my visit to Pre's Rock the day before. As morbid as it might be, I visit Pre's Rock quite frequently, mostly before important races. It just gives me a quiet place to talk to him and find my focus. That visit, plus trying to put myself to bed while watching Without Limits, really helped me remember why I registered. To push myself to do my very best ... and to run with Pre! I should point out my race attire - Pre went to Marshfield High School and was #13... this was my 13th half marathon. I couldn't think of any better way to feel motivated and honor my idol at the same time than wearing his singlet when I finish on his track!
“Yes you did,” she whispered.
Ryobi Ltd is one of the leading Manufacturers of electronics, printing equipment, telecommunication, cars, power tools etc. It is a power tool which is one of the most reliable tool available in the market today. Ryobi Batteries are the best suited for the Ryobi cordless tools; these are the best option available.
Sharla - 5
I will certainly be subscribing - it looks like a lively mix of interviews and features with a good range of authors and genres being tackled.
1:34 p.m. — Wort is boiling. Added hops and started a 60 minute timer. Reduced gas to medium.
Parenthood has made me appreciate "the little things" more. Tonight I counted for her as she hoola-hooped to 100. It was quite an accomplishment! I'm looking forward to experiencing a lifetime of firsts with my children. It's certainly never boring!
Indeed blessings are not measured by the human eye for man looks upon the outward appearance. Using this criteria man will insist on solving his own problems, This is known today as humanism.
molluscs
I'm certainly not green but probably a bit puce around the gills due to a nasty throat and ear infection which culminated in a fever and loss of hearing but now I've bounced back to the land of the living.
I leave insti junta with two thoughts. A – Why are the student leaders and even the student body, some of the brighter minds in the country, being so peacefully manipulated by a small group of people (Just to be clear, the Diro’s reaction was just that; not that he is in any position to be more liberal minded, but it happens anyway). B – Again, why is there such a such a significant lack of accountability from your elected student body. Remember, its a democracy and while this might be difficult to enforce in a huge country like India, it sure as hell is peaceful in IITM. I can say this from experience. In this respect, I would like to bring to junta the existence of SAC and a SAC speaker. Read your constitution and you will see he is mandated to hold a minimum number of meeting, exclusive of emergencies. It is one of the few official student bodies, it is not like the erstwhile redundant SAC secretary position in the hostels. He is chosen for exactly that reason – to keep a check on the workings of your executive wing and to voice your concerns in open forum. Use it, and if need be impeach people. Its time things changed.
She had a good cry, and then when the tears dried up, she was back to herself again. She got back on her feet and went on with her day. Because that's who she is. She's such a strong little girl, and she knows how to live through her pain and grief. She knows how to carry on no matter what. I guess she learned that from her mom, who was the same way. That was one of the things I always admired about Jill.
side that we are ready to sit down to talk and to have a negotiation
As we passed the front desk, I realized that even though I had conceded that this place was huge from the outside, I had indeed underestimated this place’s space. Even worse, I had no idea how much equipment and other offerings would be contained within the structure.
tortilla chips, or strips
Provisions applying to ministers apply to deputy ministers.
He died six months later.
Hair care is science and an art, but most of us approach it in a very haphazard way. This article lists 10 common mistakes you should avoid in a good hair care routine.
I love to see a happy dog. Especially, when they are ours. Today little dude got a special treat, a ball game at the local park. He was a perfect gentlemen.
I regret having to admit that my attention often wanders during mass, even though I know the majesty of the event in which I am participating. This is especially true when I am attending with one or more of my younger children. Occasionally, however, my attention deficit is penetrated, and a word or phrase or prayer snaps me to a more alert state.
The letter is, I think, important enough to reproduce in full. I recommend reading it and spreading it around.For a Free Europe!
I spent the majority of the afternoon helping Libby at packet pick-up, which I thought would be tough given the decision I had just made, but I actually found it distracting and fun to see all these excited and nervous runners pass through and get their bibs.
If I ever wake up in the middle of the night hungry, I'm going to make me a Cuban midnight sandwich. It's a beast of a snack - three slices of white bread sandwiched around roast pork, ham and Swiss cheese, then toasted until crisp and the cheese is molten and stringy.
TheMadHatter and the TheQueenofHearts are going to a formal, Masquerade Sweet Sixteen party for a friend (I can’t believe how much we’re spending so they can go to a birthday party! Alas, homeschooled girls ~ this is their “prom” experience!)
He didn't look good, but subcutaneous air isn't especially dangerous in and of itself. More important was the blood pressure and the fact that he wasn't waking up. We had orders to paralyze him with medications, but we never started them because he wasn't moving around at all, even to painful stimulation.
The Worst Day of My Life
Exercise, low sugar hay (test hay for sugar), salt lick, pick up poop try composting it beautiful for the garden and the most important ingredient is clean fresh water.
My husband keeps off me during my son’s exams. He knows that the woman he married suddenly changes into some queer person, someone he had definitely not bargained for when he said ‘I do’ years ago. ‘Ek doosra roop dhaaran kar liya hei’ my mother would say. Exactly. So, if hubby dear needs food, ironed clothes or even a chat he decides its best he either fends for himself or gears himself for some procrastination. Who knows what this exam-obsessed tantrum-causing woman could do? He is relieved too that my son’s exams are over. “It’s not for you but for my son. For sometime at least he is free of your squabbling and scolding,” he says. Looking at my exhausted expression he hastily makes up and very diplomatically tells me, “Of course, it is always nice to have my dear old wife back.”
When doing research on the matter in the beginning of March this year, Burns was also notified that ground up dolphin meat was used in animal feeds. There have also been speculations whether dolphin meat is used to make fertilizers. “It would be deeply concerning that they might be taking one of the highest mercury-laced animals in the sea and putting that meat into the soil to grow vegetables”, he says.
Doesn't this wristlet, with its mix of sweet and tough, just brighten YOUR day???
“I just had to finish,” he said. “Now I just want to continue this momentum. I’m very pleased, very happy.”
While Delgado’s goal in the final minutes ended Nixon’s dreams of an upset, Rodriguez lamented Pedrote’s first-half corner-kick goal as the true harbinger of defeat.
If you’re a fan of the original Neon Genesis Evangelion anime or manga, you’re probably going to check this out regardless of what you hear. Still, keep your expectations low, because Angelic Days is nothing like normal Evangelion, and not in a good way. Even if you’ve never seen or read Evangelion, however, do yourself a favor and read one of the hundreds of other manga that cover mecha, romance, or both in a more original and enjoyable way.
“So you see… the world is governed by very different personages from what is imagined by those who are not behind the scenes”
What better way to celebrate summer, National Library week and one of the most awesome fruits, the strawberry?! It's the Strawberry Jell-O Dessert. Some people even call it a "Strawberry Jell-O Salad".
Bosh if you think I'm nuts. God Save the Queen of the United Kingdoms!
It was exactly us in relation to our Mother.
My buttons widths here are 210px, so for 2 column you get 3 buttons, and for 3 column 4 buttons. You can make them narrower or wider, it depends how many links you need.
I have a strange relationship with my online existence. Having been using computers for most of my life, in one way or another, computers are commonplace, needful, and when they don’t work, near catastrophic. We have built our lives around them, yet find it hard when they don’t work as we want.
5. All evidence must be given by at least two witnesses who are permitted no contact with each other and who are examined separately.
You may notice that every now and then I like to feature a shower or bachlorette party item. Bridal showers are one of my favorite parts of being engaged, but a bride cannot plan her own shower. She can hint at things, but the details are usually decided by her mother, sister and 'maids.
His father Ted, a leading British jockey, tried to get the young Gardner into the horse business but he didn’t like it very much and always said as a child that he wanted to be an actor and appear on stage.
"A kiss can be a comma, a question mark or an exclamation point. That's basic spelling that every woman ought to know."
1. Thank and link back to the person that gave you the award.
you have perhaps not lately
But a mother’s role is also God-ordained. Mothers are to conceive, to nourish, to love, and to train. So declare the revelations.
M/W/F, 8:30am, Yoga
Toast the almonds
The story has almost become legendary. Many years ago a fashion editor at Glamour Magazine gave a simple chicken recipe to her assistant, who cooked it for her boyfriend. He loved it, had seconds, and shortly thereafter proposed marriage. The magazine told the story and published the recipe,
Turkey vultures don't have strong beaks and feet. They can't tear into tough hide and muscle until it's been "tenderized" by decay. A turkey vulture's featherless head and neck may look strange, but skin is easier to clean than feathers after the bird plunges its head into a rotting carcass.
But I had to behave. I’m trying to lose weight after all.
Yes people, that is actually where we are and what we are still up against. The first graph is roughly comparing the upward sloping part of the red line against the upward sloping part of the brown line (the 2001 recession and recovery) on a total number of job basis instead on of a percentage of jobs basis, and trying to get you to think that we are better off in this recovery than we were in the 2001 recovery, which of course is utter nonsense.
The gospel says we are sinners and have rebelled against the sovereignty of God: offensive!
We have gotten used to being constantly slandered and lied about.
That’s my beauty; should I rechristen in “the Jennifer”? This perennial favorite is out of stock at the moment but will be in again this fall. Come to think of it, I think I told people “Jennifer Garner bought that basket” and it sold like hotcakes. I have sold to many other and equally well-known celebrities in LA; I will keep my eyes open for more pics.
MAXIMUM Slim Original Green CoffeeTM
and in the patterns of his hands;
11-20-2007
blue parrot bluetooth Turn your car into communications central with this high performance car kit. Professional installation is required, Brand MotorolaDuplex echo cancellation noise reduction technologyProfessional installation is requiredEntertainment Mute – Automatically mutes the stereo for incoming and outgoing callsWorks with any Bluetooth enabled phone – Bluetooth 1.2 wireless technologyYou connect automatically and stay connected when you turn your car off
So I have been out on a sopping spree and upgraded to an all-singing Bobcat oxycon setup. The torch itself is a kind of metallic magenta-purple and silver. And it is sooooooooooooo pretty. And it's silent. Oh how noisy was my HH by comparison? Words cannot describe the weird peace in which I can now melt glass! No longer do i have to sit deafened by the roar (the HH is so noisy as it sucks oxygen from the air around it through tiny holes around its nozzle). So today I have hooked it all up and turned it on. Not only is it quiet but it is a veritable flamethrower when you first light it - you certainly have to be far more delicate in your operation of the knobs than on the HH, and even the Minor. And obviously once it was lit I just had to have a go at some beads. I found it to be at least twice as fast as my HH in melting glass (I only just managed to prevent glass glooping straight off the rod or mandrel on more than one occassion) and just really nice and easy to use. I tested the speed of it on a large heart shaped bead, probably about 1" accross, and it took no more than 10 minutes to load the mandrel with enough glass to fill the mold and in that time I also managed to decorate it.
This is so beyond the mental boundaries of what the "games are for kids!" political whores are trying to establish in this country - this takes that notion, chews it up and spits it up.
Drug dealer: "Hello there, I noticed you were looking at drugs, that shop is closed but I am open, would you like some drugs, cocaine?"
The poor and desperate still have to sell themselves. We all still judge who we feel worthy of our help. We still choose based on our own ideas of right and wrong. I was writing a news release recently about a local poverty issue. I had a number of local stories to work from and I found myself wanting to highlight the stories that sounded most "sympathetic" and I felt bad about wanting to do that, because I think we all need to expand who we are sympathetic too.
Atheism does not call for any separate discussion. It is in itself purely negative. It affirms nothing. It simply denies what Theism asserts.
I have always been too dystopian and too excited
In order to get Norrin potty trained, we needed the assistance of an ABA therapist, several special education teachers and aides, speech and occupational therapists. We needed to use timers, visual aids, social stories and prompts. (Let’s not forget the wonders of Miralax!)
in the face of complacency
So, my challenge now is to get rid of 50 of these 60 socks…surely they’ll never be missed. They are old school-girl socks, mismatched men’s dress socks, and miscellaneous athletic socks. Curiously, not a single sock in the entire basket is mine…nor has ever been!
Ninety billion is a rather large number. To get a gauge of just how large, consider that 90 billion minutes ago equates to roughly 171,090 years, the moment in history when scientists believe our ancestors began preening their bodies of lice.
Finally, Black should be concerned. There might be someone else out there who lacks my self-control and knowledge as to what he is dealing with. Won’t be me, old boy. Best of luck.
Vlad, Mikey, Dominique, Emma, Iain, Gabor, Eve and Lukasz will be our Edinburgh team cycling from our Hotel to the Radisson Blu Durham and we ask you kindly to donate!
Length: 91:17
a maggoty rhinoceros.
Not going to say a lot about all the controversy rampaging through the social media channels these days other than gee, thanks for ruining my anticipation of a game ending for ME3.
Hey! Somebody should make a cop movie where they're partners but different and don't get along all the time!
I am not in a blogging mood…. or at least not in a mood where blogging is a good idea… I am in a state of flux that doesn’t sit well with my usual desire for people pleasing…. So instead I will show you some pictures of things I bought today….
You can fall in love with a piece of music even if you don’t fully understand the lyrics – and again this seems acceptable, yet again when fiction does the same often people are left floundering, not sure what to think unless they understand everything. I don’t think I’ve ever listened to a song that picked me out of my day in wonder and then thought …. Nar, nice tune and it jump started my emotions but I don’t understand all the lines, so no. Even Oasis’ massively successful album (What’s the story) Morning Glory? had fans arguing over if that meant a nice sunny day in Manchester or morning erections.
So I went to college for a couple of years, working to pay for college. I met my husband. He went to college for 4 years. We got married at the beginning of his senior year. I had actually paid of his college bill for his junior year, since I was working at the time, and I wanted to get married. Looking back, I think that was a very stupid thing to do and it should have been a warning to me. His senior year, our first year of marriage, he worked part time and I worked full time. We didn’t have a car; we walked everywhere. We lived in a studio apartment.
Remembering you is the greatest joy
Ya Rabb! I put myself, my family members and my descendents in Your hand …. Please guide us and those who seek your guidance. Make ease for us in this life and the life hereafter.
It seems amazing at how quickly five years of Azul has gone by. It has been a real adventure. Our team comes from all over the globe and with some amazingly talented people and incredible instructors, we are a very diverse and interesting Azul family.
-2 1 lb. whole rainbow trouts, cleaned
A film that’s gone mostly unnoticed, which is a bit of a shame, even with a few parts bringing it down. But the final act has some of the most mesmerizing and beautiful directing and cinematography, especially given its age. By the end it’s hard not to feel moved and inspired by what is, ultimately, a flawed but wonderfully crafted film.
Mazarura and Guzha went to Chief Nyajinha of Uzumba and to Mhondoro Nyakunam. of Tsokoto(1) for lands for their sons. Mhondoro Nyakunama agreed and he gave Guzha a part of his country to the south of Muchinjike Hill between Muhume, Nyaguwe and Nyapfuta rivers. Chief Nyajinha agreed. He gave a part of his country to Mazarura from Muhume river to Mayema Hill.
So seeing this information, I was intrigued, and I had to ask the owner what inspired such a thing, only to find out that her husband Vince, who had just walked into the restaurant, was originally from McHenry, IL, not too far from where I grew up. As a matter of fact, he worked in Barrington, IL for while, roasting coffee at the old "Gray Lady" for the Jewel Tea Corporation. Very small world.
Last week, I was in the office on the computer when I heard an odd crunching noise coming from the living room. My little darlin' was taking apart my reading glasses, bit by bit with Duke laying next to her looking at her like what she was doing just wasn't a good idea. The glasses were not able to be salvaged! Thankfully, I had already ordered new glasses prior to this happening. My father in law spent the night at our house last night, and this morning he couldn't find his glasses, and neither could I. I am hoping that his glasses did not suffer the same fate as mine did, but I couldn't find even a tiny piece of them anywhere on the floor, and he has a tendency to constantly misplace things.
The event is free!
The mother who is known as Madam Ang claimed that her photos showing her wearing revealing clothes and bikinis were taken from her Facebook without her permission and republished in ‘sggirls.com’ and the sex forum together with her ‘rates’.
Heat the oil.
the Lord is the one who sustains me.”
Below, using the typesizes 16, 26, 42 and 68 from our sequence above, I have created another example to show how the idea works in practice. The second square is the same example with the actual typesizes used.
Jeannie settles in with this not-very-nice man, because he’s proven that he’ll take good care of her and her daughter. After several years, they settle into an old house in Cedar Rapids. Sophie is seven maybe and has become a child of privilege of the new order. The husband is a kind of enforcer for the aliens. They get enough to eat because of it, and they also get a few technological trinkets such as the “television” that the aliens give them. It’s not really a tv. It doesn’t work on electricity and it’s never clear to what degree it listens as well as transmits. Mostly it beams propaganda at Sophie and orders to Bill (if that’s his name).
No, they’re not and there’s no such thing that I know of but we have just come home from a rowing function and Boy got straight into his pyjamas as soon as we had unloaded a couple of bags. I asked if he’d let me photograph him wearing them so I could be part of Karen’s Pyjama Party Sewalong reveal. He’s an obliging sort of chap, so he put them on and said they felt like 70s flares because they’re wide-legged. They’re actually straight-legged, not a flare in sight, but he’s accustomed to skinnier styles. He was also wearing the trial sweatshirt I made for him and you could just about get away with calling it a match with the PJ bottoms as they’re both green and although not the same green, the tonality is similar. I took a photo, just one.
Thunder and lightning fill my brain
5. New York City, NY (Strand Bookstore)
My childlike brain could not comprehent such subtlety in distinction. I interpreted it as hypocrisy. Moreover I felt there was something narrow and priggish here, as if my mother didn't want anybody having too much fun, especially attractive young women like Carla.
Grandpa's is long gone -- it was the discount store in Joplin you went to if you couldn't afford to pay Walmart prices. I have a vivid memory of getting three albums for a dollar at Grandpa's -- Mendocino, an album by a British group called Dr. K's Blues Band that I knew nothing about, and a Status Quo album that contained their hit, "Pictures of Matchstick Men."
them names
any chance I get to make something related to it, I am there baby!
The paper I will give at the CA is a chance for me to unpick these ideas of consolation and its connection to reading in a little more detail than I had the chance to do in the Ad Polybium article – it seems like it’s an important strategy, and deserves more consideration than I could give it in the article (and indeed in the thesis). I want to focus on the fact that reading seems to be viewed as something that the addressee needs to work at, really get their teeth into, in order to get the most out of the process. I particularly like the comparision Seneca draws in the consolation to his mother, where he makes a distinction between the comfort that comes from reading and the temporary distraction that comes from mathematics!
“Behind the Scenes of Red” features footage of Kieslowski directing the film juxtaposed with the actual scene as it appeared in the film. This featurette provides some insight into how he worked.
Let us also not forget about the change-up of politicians and members of the church. While politicians make people pray for miracles and blessings, the members of the church seems like they are the ones to make rules for the people to follow. Secularization has it, but people always has two things to follow- religion and state laws. We get conflicts because we always try to inculcate in our minds that we have to make a choice between the two.
The occasion brings to mind that on 28th May 1533, His Grace declared the marriage of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn to be good and valid. As a consequence, both His Majesty and His Grace were abruptly excommunicated by the Pope. The Church of England then split from Rome more for political than theological reasons, and through centuries of controversy, social upheaval and cultural change, we are where we are today: another royal wedding in Westminster Abbey in accordance with the distinctly Anglican Book of Common Prayer and the asymmetrical fusion of Scripture with reason and tradition. Two billion people – a third of the planet – will today witness and experience something of the Reformed Catholic faith which asserts that Holy Scripture containeth all things necessary to salvation: the Bible is open, the priesthood is pastoral and worship is common.
The round begins, I am excited,
BAD STUFF: Not being a fan of dancing, I didn’t really want parodying Footlose to be half of the plot. But it wasn’t bad. There weren’t a lot of long dance scenes. And making fun of 1980′s-style dancing made them go down much easier. Also, the “try being black” subplot could probably be cut out, but I may have not enjoyed that as much because I never saw Soul Man.
712100 Museums, historical sites, & similar institutions
Listening to the fabulous Bangs & a Bun got me thinking, my blog is me, it represents who I am. I feel as though my kids have taken over just a tiny little bit. Yes, I am a parent and I guess that makes me a Parent Blogger…But what about me? Don’t I have an opinion? Likes, dislikes? Not really on my blog it would seem. I was thinking that maybe as the writer of the blog I should get at least some say? Of course the kids are going to feature a lot because they are my life, and I love writing about them, but what about my singing? What about my thoughts and opinions on things? I think I need to bring a bit of ME into The Singing Mummy! So I intend to do just that!
#7) Wheels
"How do you know?" asked the husband. "Well I can't feel any pains", she said.
But I just wanted everyone to know G.I. Joe is back in America and working towards recovering.
He is just a red under the bed hiding behind a pectoral cross.... which is rather an amusing image if you think about it.
From good old Wikipedia:
Now, that all said, it's not terribly spectacular with just the naked-eye...don't expect something similar to Comet Hale-Bopp back in 1997. You'll need a very dark sky to see it unaided, and it won't look like much more than a smudge. On good nights I can see the Milky Way from my yard, but I was unable to spot this comet with just the naked eye. With a decent pair of binoculars, though, it should stand out.
In a saucepan, whisk the egg yolks and sugar until well blended. Whisk in the milk and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly. Boil gently for one minute, and then allow to cool. Cover tightly and chill in the refrigerator for one hour.
What I learned reading the Art of Eating article in Salon.com (click here) is that in chocolate-making “conching” refers to a process by which chocolate’s texture can be smoothed. The original conching machine (developed in 1874) was used to give creamy smoothness to the gritty raw chocolate beans, tempering it for taste and texture. The original chocolate conching machine was shaped like a seashell, and the name still refers to the chocolate mixture smoothing process that happens in the final stages of any chocolate making.
James 3:2: For we all stumble in many ways. And if anyone does not stumble in what he says, he is a perfect man, able also to bridle his whole body.
My prayer for Elizabeth Hunt (whom I don't know) is Thank you Father, for using trails to refine us until we shine with the glory of Your Son. The trails of life act on us like wind, waves, and sand act on beach glass. Trails wear off our sharpness and dull our glittering pride. Our trails and crosses point us to Christ and His cross. Embrace us in the warmth of Your protective love, O Savior, and let us meet the challenges of each day with confidence in Your presence and protection. Amen!
Cambridge University researchers have analysed the structure of the brain and worked out how much energy its cells use up.
Unemployed NinjaIzuna: Fable Of The Unemployed Ninja
I never seen him in any negative manner — and I have practically lived and wandered around campus and on the field.
I am glad that the writer ended the story on a happy note even if all of the subplots were not yet resolved. This is, after all, the first book in the series so we can expect to hear more about these story lines in future books.
Some keywords: Nu Disco, Cosmic, Beardo, Italo, Hi-NRG, Balearic, Greasy Cowbell & Handclap-Infused Robotic Bumps & Grinds, shootin’ off Menergy.
March: $25 from Pureprofile (online surveys)
Phreak: No. Lulu needs nerfs, and Teemo needs buffs.
In addition, there was the recurring appearance of the non-functioning phone, the recurring disappearance of my car (lost in a parking lot!), and I was late for work at a job where I was to sell forks and CD's.
Xbox 360 has found new ways to extend its lifecycle like introducing the world to controller-free experiences with Kinect and re-inventing the console with a new dashboard and new entertainment content partnerships. We are always thinking about what is next for our platform and how to continue to defy the lifecycle convention. Beyond that we do not comment on rumors or speculation.
- They are to put their answers in bullet statement form. Writing sentences only allows them to avoid answering some parts of the questions, plus this forces them to factually address all parts of the question.
6. MPLS
Such talent can and has come into fruition with the discovery of the ‘bedroom producer’ age of music. Age, wealth and status is no longer an issue, as demonstrated by the BRILLIANTLY (that’s right everyone! TAGGING THIS ONE AS BRILLIANT) chilled sounds of XXYYXX, an under-age talent out of Orlando Florida who; just like a Japanese baby playing Through the Fire and Flames on ukulele will shatter your dreams of ever being a good guitarist; his magnificent music will shatter any dreams you had of ever being a super-talented producer (what an obscure reference, even for me).
I would walk down Dalyell Road and smell the privet blossom in one of the hedges. I would peek round the gate to see if there was a bottle of milk on the doorstep. If it was a half pint I would drink it all and take the bottle. If it was the tall one I would drink some and put the bottle back. I had free milk at school too. I don't know how often or how long I did this. One day a big hand picked me up by the shoulder and shook me like an old yellow duster. I looked up and there was this very big policeman, (about eight foot tall I thought.)
Thankfully you do not need to play the sport of Kings to enjoy these perennial favourites. Often seen on the Princes William and Harry during the season, this Jean’s versatility is it’s key.
The above item about bicycle-riding postal folk possibly explains this next observation.
Write on Wednesdays continues to evolve, and I LOVE it! I now know the writing styles and recurring characters of most of the blogs and bloggers participating in W.o.W, and there are many developing stories that I am keenly following.
With that going on I also noticed I have pain in my thumbs, the intense pain comes from bending the joint which causes it to lock in place and it takes every once of energy to unlock them because the pain is so extreme it will leave me in tears. So again I need to see a doctor, but wait I am not working so I have no insurance, oh well I will live with it.
I hope ya'll accept this challenge and have lots of fun with it, but if you prefer to pass, that's alright too :)
Now my goal and agenda for this week is to rest and catch up on sleep but before I do .....Here are some pics from the Valentines Dinner:
Molly Pitcher is one of the only ‘ordinary women’ that I really remember from junior high history class and historians aren’t even sure if she was a real women. The gist of her story (I’m going to stick with her bein’ a real lady!) is that she was a woman in the Revolutionary War who brought water out to the soldiers fighting and dying.
“Is anyone down there alive?” shouted Hermel heaving a bucket of water as it was passed to him.
I am also a big fan of Leslie's blog. Her posts have so much depth and substance. They are filled with not only images of her work, but with poetry, meditations on issues of the artist, and creative thoughts. I will have the opportunity to meet Leslie in person in May when she joins me in an artist panel in Seattle. And I am definitely interested in hearing what she has to say.
Angela also read my blog, and I hers. I can't remember how I found it (it might have been via a comment she left on mine or if I found it through Liz). Reading Angela's blog (she sometimes shared her own writing) I was always struck by how intelligent she was and I always felt that she must have been an old spirit from another time. I remember when I first read that Angela had cancer and how the pit of my stomach dropped, knowing how young she was. It always seems scarier the younger the person, doesn't it?
Article 22 An agricultural product producer shall reasonably use fertilizer, pesticide, veterinary medicine, feed, feed additive, agricultural films and other agricultural inputs. It is prohibited to use any agricultural input which is clearly banned by the state or is obsolete or is unlicensed.
Yeah. That's so real world. That's why according to the Barna study in 99, Born-Again Christians had a slightly higher than average divorce rate, and in 2001, they were in a statistical dead-heat with non-Christians. Sure. Because marriage is this God-sanctified happyland, where the livin' is easy, and the sex is good. All you have to do is believe, I mean really BELIEVE that, and you'll... end up divorced, just like everybody else.
Sharad Mehra, Chief Operating Officer, Pearl Academy of Fashion said, “The fashion and design sector holds immense promise, more so for talented individuals equipped with the right skills-set. This is especially critical with the increasingly globalized economy and the discerning taste of younger consumers who have changed the landscape of the industry. Diffusion lines and high street fashion requires having a pulse on economic and fashion trends, and industry icons such as Angela Missoni can help our students and faculty, along with the other participants understand the nuances and growth areas of this sector”.
"Every performer is a preacher" Mugison sings on the solo acoustic blues of Mugiboogie's "The Pathetic Anthem", but his performance style is more informed by the notion that every preacher is a performer. Like the Veils' Finn Andrews - another artist whose recent output has betrayed a fascination with American Southern Baptist tradition - Mugison is not so much interested in the religiosity of the pulpit as the theatrics, because, as one song puts it, "Jesus is such a good name to moan". But Mugison's vigorous showmanship - effectively conjuring the writhing, sweaty-browed anguish of a man of the cloth who's been caught in a by-the-hour motel with his pants down - isn't always enough to elevate his songs beyond genre exercises; strip away his lusty growls and squeals, and the glammed-up stomp of the title track and the shuffling folk-funk of "To the Bone" aren't that far removed from standard-issue bar-rock.
Stay tuned for the next episode in the "Kinky Files".
* A Most Improper Magick is your debut novel. Was it your first attempt at writing a novel or did you have other manuscripts hiding away?
However. When I scrolled down to the comment section, I discovered that 19 out of 20 comments were people defending Gibson. The gist seemed to be that he is allowed to say whatever he wants in the privacy of his home, most people have strong feelings about their exes, and this woman clearly has driven him to his rage and hatred from her actions.
My friends, you and I are living in a new kind of world and if we want to overcome that kind of thinking, we have to take our faith in Jesus Christ and in his church much more seriously. This celebration tells us that we do have the power to make a difference. We have within this church the transformative power of Jesus Christ.
No links today. Do your own darned research!
It is "Say Anything", so be sure and make a project with a Title or sentiment or anything to do with words :) This will be a 1 week challenge and you will have until Next thursday night to enter! Please be sure to go to her blog to link up your project for the challenge.
this great place for awesome inspiration about every topic imaginable. I've
Duncan was initially jailed for the shooting, but a Greenville County circuit court judge appealed his arrest, citing South Carolina's Protection of Persons and Property Act, a series of laws enacted in 2006 that guaranteed a person the right to defend him or herself against "great bodily injury" in his or her own home, vehicle, or business. The case made its way to the state Supreme Court, and in May 2011, based on testimonies that confirmed the preceding story, Duncan was exonerated. The court ruled that Spicer's forceful attempt at entering the home constituted an adequate threat to warrant self-defense under the law.Known as the "Bluffton Christmas Tow Truck slaying"--Preston Oates is now using the aforementioned "Castle Doctrine" as his defense in the shooting of Carlos Olivera. (This is after his escape-plan didn't work out.)
(Okay - so the grand prize won't cover every single restaurant on the list - but it will give you a taste of a large number of them!)
John holds this lady in such high esteem that he refers to her as ‘elect’ and includes her children, possibly as a means of encouraging them to continue in their mother’s godly footsteps. John uses the word ‘truth’ three times in the first two verses, by which he means Christian truth — the only truth which will be with and in us for eternity.
Daytona Beach police say 19-year-old Stefanie Vargas and a 13-year-old boy are charged with burglary to a conveyance.
- There's video on the home page! You can see us dancing around without having to wait even one second.
The Media is a distorted mirror, offering us intentionally constructed and manipulated representations of versions of reality. These pervasive images infiltrate our environment and seep into our consciousness, until we are oblivious to their presence and desensitised to their influence. Ultimately, our perceptions are determined by our perspective, and the lens through which we view the world. If the lens is distorted, how can we see things as they truly are?
a mind of words
to the labyrinth by the sea
QUICKSAND-S/T Single Color Vinyl 1000 only
09. Misery Loves Company
Turmeric powder - 1/4 tsp.
A couple of things:
The pericope begins by introducing a crisis of leadership in the king of Jerusalem’s concern over his own city in light of Joshua’s violence against Jericho, Ai, and their kings. The king becomes “greatly frightened” at the idea of a Gibeon-Israel alliance. He acts out immediately to defend his territory by gathering an alliance of four Amorite kings to his south. According to suzerain-vassal conventions, Gibeon had become an enemy of the Amorites because Israel was their enemy. Two other Amorite kings, Sihon and Og, had already been defeated by Israel. The text condenses the actions of the Amorite kings as they gather, go up, and attack Gibeon in order to bring the reader to the real conflict: will Joshua uphold the peace treaty he had been tricked into signing?
1003 ***D-I/14/1988. “The Federal Idea and the City.” Conference on the Constitution and the City, Community Renewal Society, Newberry Library, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 440-46 (1992).)
18. What do you wish you'd done more of?
flour
Back to the story…
Few leaders of New York could match Abraham Oakey Hall in personal flair. For every nine colorless businessmen who ascend to the mayoralty, there is one truly debonair statesman, an enigma of charm who seems to govern with ease. In 1869 that was Hall, a jack of all trades, a raconteur and paragon of style. Unfortunately, as the most glamorous member of the notorious Tweed Ring, corruption may have been another trend that suited him.
Sleep is a luxury
Or the easiest way,just click the twitter icon in this blog.
Congratulations to you all! Be sure to come link up again and watch for the end of the month when the top three links from each week will face off in the final Head to Head Showdown! Until then, please grab a featured button!
Another possibility, often used in the films of Cronenberg, is to have an object slowly mutate from scene to scene, as if it were nearly alive or possessed by a force from beyond. Maya Deren presents perhaps one of the earliest examples of this by means of the mutation between knife, shard of mirror, and key in Meshes of the Afternoon (1943). We see something similar yet more nuanced happen in Cronenberg’s Videodrome (1983), as the protagonist’s gun-hand mutates each time we see it.
I can't believe my baby turns 2 tomorrow! It has honestly been the best 2 years of my life! We had her party on Saturday and I wanted to share a few pictures. Most of the inspiration came from Pinterest. I don't have a picture of the invites, but they had a Sesame Street theme.
Once you decide to sell your property, add some energy efficient updates to increase the interest of buyers. If you install certain items, such as outdoor solar-powered lights, an energy monitor, and LED bulbs, then a larger number of people may be interested in your home due to the savings they can receive without having to purchase these items on their own.
I’m on your back
“The shark swung over and the old man saw his eye was not alive and then he swung over once again, wrapping himself in two loops of the rope. The old man knew that he was dead but the shark would not accept it.”
This is why I created The Shine Project.
It also remains open to the public:
After the shooting day, Diana could not forget this thrilling multiple presence. How could she? The Royals had been embedded in the Spencers' idea of themselves for centuries. They were raised up by kings. The source of their wealth and influence was propinquity to the crown. Diana may have disliked her childhood visits to Sandringham, but her imagination still revolved round the magical rescue power of princes. ...
Well ladies, did you or did you not subscribe to the One A Day in May at Squigglefly? I am totally flabbergasted at all the beautiful images in my email box daily! Now if you are receiving the images too, you will recognize Mr. Wool Daisy by Sandy Sommerfeld. Now remember there are 3 different Mr. Wools and they are so worth collecting!
Let’s have a look at pure colours that are useful to paint grass, and then consider mixing your own colours.
To benefit the Sisterhood Wellness Center of WNY (breast cancer survivors)
In Lak Ech,
After the Holocaust museum, we had an hour to get to the Border patrol museum across town. We got there with 40 minutes to look around. With was great, because it was very hands on for the kids. They had vehicles to play on, and mess around with. They loved it. We ended up getting shirts for the youngest 3, and suckers on the way out for all the kids. They were excited. LOL.
Recreating Social Security:
Even though I was surrounded by those sweet nothing lovers, Valentine’s never really moved me at all. I remember only celebrating it with my mother and my best friend. In my high school years when February 14 suddenly got its way, before going home I will buy my mother an artificial rose and both of us will spend the day ordinarily. While on my best friend’s case, it’s my tradition to give her a card and any heart shape stuffs and together we both remembered the days that had gone by. That’s my Valentine.
“Like all children, Katrina too grew up on these fairytale characters and hence was too excited to play not one but three of them,” the source adds.
MC: Through the film, these people will tell their stories. Because the movie is based on the sweat and passion they have produced, it is very meaningful.
charmed people even though they were rich
Baird, by contrast said of the Keller court's Criner decision, "What they have done, and I think improperly so, is to create or invent reasons that explain away the DNA evidence. But those reasons were never presented to a jury, and that's the basis of the entire judicial system -- you put those facts before 12 individual citizens, and let them decide if that evidence is reliable and believable, or not." One could say the same thing about the Willingham case as well as Ex Parte Robbins. To sustain the verdict would require supposition outside the bounds of what was actually argued at trial.
After taking a few pictures (he knows I’m a blogger) we did some serious tasting and enjoying. But this post is specifically about the Appenzellar. I’ll be posting about the Cambozola and Mont Vully later.
I raised the heavy metal shovel and brought it down on the possum’s head as hard as I could. To be sure, I repeated this process two more times. Careful observation showed that the possum was no longer breathing. Relieved, I picked it up with the shovel and carried it out to the pasture. I dug a shallow hole and covered it up.
Lesson: Understand that your website is about the visitor, not you. You may adore the intricate, lush design of your site, but if it’s consequently slow to load, that wow factor fails. A 2500-word mission statement may explore every facet of your corporate philosophy, but if it amounts to a tl;dr for users, then it might as well be static. And remember that the more things you throw at site visitors, the less likely they are to focus on the item you want them to.
33% Pacific Northwest Vienna
I learned a new word while I was over at the Great American Beer Festival. Or rather, I learned a new usage of a word I hadn't really heard for ages.
I'm a Little Dinosaur by Jonathan Richman & The Modern Lovers
Of course it is impossible to ignore the commercial incentives for empire, and it would be disingenuous to deny that we did not briefly join the rest of the in trading slaves, (and, unlike out current national projects , back then we did such things quite efficiently) or indeed the opium trade as a result of which we ended up owning Hong Kong for over 150 years. However, it is also impossible to entirely separate the humanitarian motives from the commercial, certainly after the banning of the slave trade in 1807 leading up to Abolition in the 1830s and then the so called scramble for Africa humanitarianism was a major driving force.
1. Green Bay Packers
This blouse is the last "fresh" item in this month's capsule. Now, every piece has been worn and I'm in the home stretch of one more week of outfits, always the time when I start grouching about my clothes. Heh.
2010.07.26 Iraq Baghdad 4 16 A suicide bomber targets a news channel staff, killing four members.
He turned back to the imaginary game he had been playing with his cars. Suddenly, I watched him through a new lens. The lens I use when my kids have thrown me a a little curve ball letting me know they are not completely known to me. I choked the same way when my oldest daughter turned on a radio station dedicated to music from...wait for it...the 1940's. She's 15, a drummer and until that moment seemed destined to torture me with "alternative music" that occasionally involved a lot of screaming. This was not a joke to mess with her occasionally gullible mother. She often turns the station on while we are driving alone and has said she wished she could have lived back then. In my most sensitive motherly tone I informed her that was kind of weird and wonderful, but it reminded me of, god help me, my mother. I remember she just smiled and turned up some big band music. I laughed.
We waited for a bus here, in front of Shoreditch town hall. It was built in 1902, at the beginning of the Edwardian era, and is an evident declaration of civic pride. Shoreditch was absorbed into the borough of Hackney in 1965 so the town hall no longer serves its original purpose and is itoday used as a venue for a wide range of events. Placed on English Heritage’s “Buildings at Risk” register in 1996, it is today managed by a charitable trust. I think that with a bit of a clean it could look quite impressive.
have provided on the right sidebar, and put it on your blog's sidebar.(make sure you do this)
So I guess that explains why I was sprawled out on the bathroom floor at the doctor's office, knees under me, head down, both arms extended in front of me, as if worshiping the toilet bowl.
So it was last Sunday when we finally hit the silver screen after much anticipation of the biggest and most awaited movie of the year thus far. I was just glad that we finally took a break from catching films via our friendly Internet. (If you know what I mean) It’s good to once in a while hit the cinemas for better viewing experience. I was quite disappointed though that I wasn’t able to wear 3D glasses for the movie. I haven’t experienced wearing one yet since the 3D and the IMAX thing became a fad. (Poor me) And yes, all for the sake of friendship and company, not to mention, practicality, we settled for the simpler movie experience. Nevertheless, I still enjoyed. Well, discounting the noise of the little girl behind me, the exaggerated reaction of my friend seated on my left and the unnecessary narration of the movie care of my other friend a seat away from me to my right, I sure enjoyed the entire movie. Maybe I was just too serious or too engrossed? I don’t know. Anyway, enough of the introduction, so here’s the real thing…
ST Clan were expecting these casualties though and proceeded to drive their hop division to flank the M Battalions position. The spicy hop division were very green though and immediately ran into problems. M Battalions own hop divisions had anticipated this move and were already storming over the hills and swarming over the ST Clan. This didn't worry ST though as they had a larger number of hops and quickly dispatched of the issues. Hop explosions shook the battlefield for many hours, it was quite a scene to behold.
I see.
Measuring the sales success and all the different parameters that goes in to that is for management.
3 thing
Ø Able to perform 8-hours of physical labor each day
People say that smoking is bad for you? Yeah, I know it is. So is unprotected sex, over eating, lack of exercise and being overweight! They say that smoking takes years off your life? Maybe it will take the last five off then? When I’ve lost me mind and forgotten me words? When I’m getting somebody to wipe me arse and feed me French fries through me chattering gums!
1) Begin by making the spiced butter. Combine all ingredients together and put in fridge to solidify.
I wanted to send a little shout out to the just announced winners of the first annual Design Bloggers Conference Hall of Fame. First, let me say that I am not actually at the conference. It just didn't fit into my schedule or budget this year. But if you follow the hashtag #dbc2021 on Twitter, you can nearly feel like you're there - you know, without the warm LA weather (warmer than New England, at lease!) and all the hugging and air kissing.
But besides from that we have also achieved something invaluable: self-respect. I am so proud of the Enfield Nine. Adam, Anne-Marie, James, Kim, Liz, Lucy, Lee and Mary have all stood up for themselves and our beleaguered profession. They have put their necks on the line and by so doing have gained enormous respect in our industry and in many trade union movements across the country.
10-1029
Using the pre-drilled holes, he cut out one-half of the circle at a time. After the first circular cut, we tested a rim to make sure it fit. Then Mr. GI cut out the other three circles and we tried all four holes with rims and jars.
SOUND
It's been a while since the Fratelli Ravioli place on Court Street near President in Carroll Gardens gave up the ghost. The space remained vacant for months, but now there are stirring of activity and it looks like the address has been taken over by its next door neighbor, the Marco Polo Ristorante.
“We work diligently to ensure religion and the Bible — that grim fairy tale — are not invoked in our secular lives,” Gaylor continued.
You see, we don't know everything. We don't even know what all of our husband's needs are. But we serve the One who does, so we can trust Him with our concerns for our husbands.
“We want a bigger salary so that we can afford to have a better life,” Frans Kaweai, a protester, told AFP at the site entrance.
10) Garnish when serving.
This is a great time to do your own work, on yourself. Why do you believe that organization is as essential as breathing? What agreements did you make in the past that you now equate with this belief? Keep asking yourself these questions without criticism or judgment. It is almost as if you are an archeologist on an exciting dig to discover the long lost key to your present behavior. Maintain a sense of objectivity about the exploration, and I guarantee you will eventually discover the root cause of your belief. At the end of the day, it is always the same answer.
Bayley turns 6 months old today. I won’t go into all of her amazing accomplishments here. Just suffice it to say, that after completing basic Puppy obedience Levels 1 and 2, her instructor exempted her from Adult Level 1 and promoted her directly to Adult Level 2. Bayley is always selected to be the demo dog when the teacher wants to demonstrate a behavior.
The Interparliamentary Union, which held its first major international conference in 1889, provided Gobat with an appealing outlet for his advocacy of arbitration and peace. Founded largely through the efforts of the English parliamentarian Cremer, a Nobel Peace Prizewinner in 1903, and the French Deputy Passy, a co-recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize for 1901, the Interparliamentary Union, then as now, brought together interested members of the parliaments of all countries to discuss international issues and to explore ways to improve collaboration among nations via parliamentary and democratic institutions; at this time, however, its primary objective was to promote international arbitration.
Gerald snarled, reached into the desk drawer, grabbed his contract and ripped it to shreds.
Yet another reason to praise our country's founders for their wisdom vis a vis the Second Amendment.
Earth Day is a good day to be reminded of how much we have yet to learn about Earth. For one thing, undiscovered species are still out there. Lots of them. Over the past year, researchers have found seven new forest mice species in Philippines, a a “psychedelic” gecko in Vietnam, and a new type of dolphin in Australia. They also found in the Philippines four new species of crab that sport some wild colors: That one over there is not a false color image; the crab really is purple with pink claws.
and the hurt sadness buys..
Day 4: (Platelets 100,000)
OK...enough with the monologue,
Failing a victory in Auckland, the task of defeating the NACTs will be that much more difficult, but at least a layer of political fighters will be already mobilised to take on the NACTs and their ruling class backers.
I’m actually very serious about this question. Being a female this question really hits home, as well as any other person other than white men. Not only are we seen as inferior, we get paid less too. Not only girls, there’s been slavery and other misfortunes that happen everyday. The good book says everyone is created equal, but obviously there’s flaws in our world today.
The Holocaust is my religion,
One last thing to mention. I don’t recall the exact day, but it was a few days after we found Rob and after everyone had left and it was just my son and I in the house. I went to bed and awoke to the sound of my bedroom doorknob being turned, clicking and I always kept it locked out of habit. When I wake up I come to very quickly.
we used to be so close
expressed, and immortalized teachings.
04. A Fool For Your Stockings – 4:13
Even a couple of hours would be wonderful.
Hello, my name is April Dawn. I live in California with my loving husband and a beautiful baby boy who was born in '08. I enjoy reading, travel, and music. I have always loved to read. I have read voraciously for more than twenty years now. (OOPs, guess I'm showing my age there.) I have a love of suspense, fantasy, PI and police crime novels, and so many others, but I have a real soft spot for historical romance. I think I wrote my first official romance scene when I was about fifteen or so. It consisted of a girl being taken aboard a pirate ship and falling madly for the captain. I wish I still had that writing, because it would be real fun to read what I wrote like back then. I started writing seriously in 2002, and finished my first novel that year which retained the title "Romance Novel" for more than five years. Now titled Bound by Love, and available through Breathless Press. I have since finished two other novels that were lucky enough to be named something other than "Romance Novel". My current work in progress, The Piratess, stars a female pirate named Cat. In the future, I hope to be able to bring more of my characters into the world as I work to finish and publish the other novels that I have begun. Stay tuned to meet all the pirates, gunslingers and thieves that run through my head. Hopefully you will love them as much as I do.
I decided to visit a chiropractor who I was referred to and upon hearing my spinal history, he refused to treat me until I had an MRI. He wanted to ensure that it would be safe to get treatment from him. His exact words were “I am not laying a single finger on you until I see MRI results”. This is where the Depression stage began.
Our local blacksmith plans to clean up the front portion of his workshop and turn it into a showroom for the stoves he sells. So he asked me, through Stevie, if I'd take some photos before he does so. Yes, I said, I'd love to. The place is astonishing, filled with all sorts of tools and boxes, old signs and crates. Buried amongst the drill bits I was sure I'd find the very story of blacksmithing. How could I say no?
only what is.
It is possible that marriage equality will be federalized in the not-too-distant future, because of a Federal-court challenge to a state law. That's a matter for the judicial branch, and (again) not within the President's authority to affect one way or the other.
This is self-centered and unreasonable, but when I am invited to give a talk, my ideal situation would be to give a vague title (Cool Science Things) that isn't much more informative than a list of keywords (cool, science, things). I don't really believe that people will come to hear me speak no matter what I talk about, so in my sane(r) moments, I do understand that a talk title is necessary to provide some clues as to whether a talk has any hope of being potentially interesting to those considering attending (for those who have a choice).
"555 Mars circle, Mars"
They are quite the group, and we are daily enjoying the antics of chickens and their very human like personalities! And while I don't enjoy being in this lovely weather, they are currently singing in the rain! (No picture of Nugget, she wouldn't hold still long enough...)
Welcome to my blog.
An earlier guest had inscribed the words "champagne air" in the visitor's book, and it was indeed so. A total contrast to the tropical, riverine, humidity back home. We were blessed with glorious weather right up till our last afternoon, and of course spent pretty much every daylight hour outdoors...
And I steal you away,
Others were not so happy: in comparison, 12 million-plus spectators a year can bag any prime spot for free at the Tour de France (provided they get there ahead of time). The general assumption had been that, aside from in temporary grandstands at the finish in the Mall in central London, road cycling fans would be spared the lottery of tickets. You know what happens when you assume, I take it?
-Interviews with experts
If you want the chance to win some stamps, pop over via the link above. I will be back tommorrow with Day 2 of the showcase.
AOKI FY, Yassi A, Cheang M, Murdzak C, Hammond GW, Sekla LH, et al. Effects of acetaminophen on adverse effects of influenza vaccination in health care workers. CMAJ 1993; 149: 1425-1430.
the world?’ Or, put another way, `what role does measurement play in
daikon *optional
Hometown: Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia
but miniature dragons
Jazmine/Jasmine Sullivan, singer songwriter wrote a song called “Resentment” Victoria Beckham recorded the song, yet Beyonce came along and stole the credit for the song. Once again, not giving anyone the credit but herself.
The second is the scene where the angelic Pamela Ludwig leaves Carl's hideout and slowly walks into the creeping nightfall. I loved how she waved goodbye twice; briefly extending what was already a touching moment.
“Kind of,” I said.
Yesterday or the day before when I finally found the Goddess, I saw that they had posted a new challenge and this will work, so I am submitting in the "Delicous Doodles Challenge". Okay, I have to admit sometimes I can be very dense, I was on the Delicious Doodles site looking at all the fab entries for this challenge and someone said they were not sure if they got it right, I thought maybe I should go back and reread the rules, w e l l, I now have it, lol, I used Dies (Spellbinder's Oval), Delicious Doodles Image and glitter. I added some wonderful diamond stickles to the feathers. Now I am done. Stay safe and have a very happy weekend. Hugs
Did I just smell cocoa?
Howie Good
I hope we were able to inspire you to bring some cheer into your home this holiday season. The secret is to keep it simple, no more than 2 colours, choose one metal either silver or gold and a constant theme throughout and yes, lots and lots of Christmas spirit.
Writing history is all about interpretation, and we have to make assumptions, especially when studying the history of the beer and pubs. For example, I will be claiming that inn-yard theatre happened in the George Inn, Southwark, despite a complete lack of evidence that it did. Why? Because there are records of it happening in inn-yards across London and all over the country. It often happened when there was a big fair. It happened in larger inn-yards. The George had a large inn-yard. Southwark Fair was one of the biggest fairs in the country. Plays happened in the yard of the Queens Arms just down the road. Therefore, I can assume, with a high degree of confidence, that plays also happened in the George.
THERE WILL THREE WINNERS!
Happy birthday, Jill. Thank you for all the wonderful memories. Thank you for growing up with me, and for always being there when I needed a friend. And most of all, thank you for trusting me with the precious gift of Katie. I won't let you down. Wherever you are, I hope you can see the beautiful girl she's become.
São Paulo, Brazil. Visual parts play a heavy part at the International Festival of Advanced Music and New Media Art in Brazilian city’s Anhembi Park. This year’s performers include Björk, Cee Lo Green, Justice, Chromeo, Mogwai, James Blake, Flying Lotus, Four Tet and Little Dragon. (May 11 – 12)
Demand for Chinese finished products remained low until the 1980s, as the quality of goods did not match imports from more developed markets, such as Japan, as well as countries in Europe and North America.
Opt 4 ending the discrimination.
What do German music producer Dieter Bohlen (right, the German equivalent to Simon Cowell) and Prince Ernst August of Hanover (also known as husband of Princess Caroline of Monaco) in common? Not much at first glance. However, according to recent German news reports, both have now joined forces and decided to sue the Federal Republic of Germany at the European Court of Human Rights over infringements of their respective personality rights (Article 8 of the European Human Rights Convention) through German court decisions in cases relating to satirical advertisement campaigns using the respective gentlemen's names.
I use To Do lists to plan each day and to work out more long-term projects - Christmas for example; I've written the lists for that already so I can make a start on work for hampers or presents. No last minute sewing late in to the night then. Its less stressful. Long term also includes what I term Capital Projects such as decorating, or moving garden or plot along. Less about maintenance more about developing or redesigning things. These form a big list which has no time limit on it but is more seasonal; and wholly dependant on weather for gardening projects and time and finances. Its a good list to tick things off from, as I feel that gardens in particular are not static 'finished' projects, but spaces where designs evolve due to family usage, time, and trying out new ideas.
She loved sunrises.
This sort of marketing begins with the very origins of the profession. In my own four years of master’s and doctoral study in social work, I have had to read and listen to dozens if not hundreds of laudatory references to Jane Addams. Meanwhile, though, I have encountered virtually no mention of the oppressive and even murderous roles that social workers played in, say, the Nazi Holocaust (Bergen, 2009, pp. 62, 104, 128) or the Nisei Internment (Park, 2008). There have been some serious criticisms of more recent dishonorable behaviors in this profession (e.g., Specht & Courtney, 1995; Margolin, 1997) — but, again, that sort of thing was not covered, not even in my Ph.D-level social work classes.
Yet, while there is proliferate evidence that, even as people worldwide are rising up against inequity and exploitation, the economic elite have little inclination to do so much as glimpse the plight of those from whose life blood their immense riches have been wrung, nor hear the admonition of the downtrodden…that they are weary of life on their knees and are awakening to the reality that the con of freedom of choice under corporate state oligarchy is, in fact, a life shackled to the consumerism-addicted/debt-indenturement that comprises the structure of the neoliberal, global company store.
6. E-40 - Revenue Retrievin': Overtime Shift
On Tuesday we had to fly home in a sandstorm! The BA cabin crew were very reassuring. One of them told us about a time his plane was trying to land in Cairo. The visibility was so bad they nearly had to divert to Alexandria. He was getting more and more anxious, sitting by the door, looking at the emergency exit handle and remembering his drill, when all of a sudden the door disappeared. So much sand had got into the cabin via the air conditioning that he couldn't see his hand in front of his face.
I used to watch Clarence empathizing with Springsteen’s claustrophobic spoken intro to the Animals' It's My Life. It reeked of alienation from his father. Rock & Roll was Bruce’s only escape from their stifling working class home. The Big Man held the door open and helped make the dream possible.
As I stood there observing the heartiness of the trees,
"Two and a half years ago, the top American University in Ecuador announced the creation of a creative writing minor. Four students signed up. Soon, the assigned Creative Writing teacher disappeared (pure happenstance, I promise) and the administrators approached me. Since then, the program has grown to a plump twenty (+) and includes students from the USA, Ecuador, Australia and France. What can I say. With venomous enthusiasm, the students have moved the administration to create more classes since the inception of Creative Writing Basics. The program now includes Script Writing, Creative Writing II, and so forth. We’ve been lucky enough to have guest speakers including Best Selling Author, Sandra Kring and one of my favorite writers, Chad Eagleton. Other notables who will be participating in January are Author and contributor Liam Sweeny and I am trying to lock in Author Brian Kaufman. We’ve also been lucky enough to receive advice and guidance from my sister, working screen writer and supervising producer for Showtime’s Shameless (USA)."
Not to be outdone, the very next year we held East Coast National Pie Conference Part Two---but kept it local, in the MD/VA/DC area. Pumpkin Pie mamas and babies from New York and Ohio came and stayed the weekend!
If you’re like most folks, you want to see everyone who’s important to you as well as have some time for yourself. It’s also hard to get things done when you’re working every day. The main things you must do are:
Holding out the huge circular lid in front of me, I feel like a riot policeman on the front line. I
The New England tradition of boiling sap to make maple syrup and sugar originated with the region's Native American population. Today, New England continues to produce some of the sweetest syrup and maple products on the market. The maple sugaring season only lasts about four to six weeks, from mid-February through late March when days turn warm, nights remain cold, and the sap starts to flow.
RealityTrader is dedicated and committed to teach you everything about this evolving market. Evolve with us, not after us.
Perhaps this is just your way
the last 2 posts were what you may call "Deep"..........
While trying to work everything out I got cranky and drew this in PS.
I'd love to hear suggestions if anyone has any. I know only a few people read my blog and only a few of those homeschool, but I would love to hear things that have worked for others in teaching their children to get started on their own. My kids don't get dressed unless I tell them too. They don't to school work unless I tell them too. They don't bathe unless I tell them too. I want them to learn they don't have to be told to do everything.
7. I Can't Slow Down
He has a condition called Sandifer's Syndrome, a rare disorder. It affects less than 1% of children who has reflux. Basically it is just his body's reaction to reflux... it stared causing him to twitch and have facial ticks which looked like he was having a seizure.
Hunk a Chunk of Choccy Love
Indeed, how old is old, grasshopper?
Whilst I'm here don't forget that Nikky is back on our screens this evening at 7pm on C&C with more Polka Doodles goodness. Then at 10pm and Midnight she's on Ideal World with Letraset. Hopefully they'll let her have a brief snooze before wheeling her out again at 11am, 1pm, 6pm and finally 7pm tomorrow!
Lyra is a bit of a wild child who spends most of her time clambering on the college roofs with her friend Roger, the kitchen boy, and getting into fights with the town kids. She has heard rumors of the Gobblers, a group who steals children, but she hasn’t paid much attention to them. Her real adventures begin the day she sneaks into the scholar’s room, where she is not supposed to be. She is hiding when she overhears a mysterious conversation about something called “dust” and sees the Master poison her Uncle Asriel’s wine. She is able to warn her uncle in time.
This is a frank memoir of those years. We face real challenges with our local economy, with poverty and housing, as well as reinvigorating our community leadership and increasing local engagement. Addressing these issues is key to revitalising our once distinguished political culture.
Ethan Wingfield (REP) 16.65% 721
Cotton scraps (or knit or wool felt) - to applique initial if desired
What I want for this short story series is to write a story with underlying themes (I am a Thematic Student after all- I may write a post explaining what that is) that resonate with us as a society. Have you spotted the themes or future themes of this story? One has already been implied just by the name of the title. I also want to write main characters with backgrounds that have tremendous depth and whose individual stories connect them and bind them. Not just them but with the world they live in as well. It’s a little hard to do because I like details but at the same time I have to keep in mind that each installment has to be short. So it’s like balancing the length with the amount of details. Anyway, with that being said I have a few questions for you:
Overall, I am really enjoying my Kobo. I’ve had some mixed experiences with Customer Service in the past. You can see how much of an issue that is if you check their Twitter feed. They constantly bombard me with promo codes and offers, which can be a bit annoying at times, but can be a good value considering that many ebooks are below even paperback prices. I also wish Kobo would do a better job of figuring out what I like to read and never, ever send me romance novel recommendations, or worse yet vampire fiction.
When the leader of the Milesians, Amergin, set foot on Ireland, the first thing he did was to introduce himself to the land. Then he blessed the land with fertility and especially fish. So I introduced myself to the land, let some of my blood and asked for fertility for the land and for myself.
Parent, unschool thyself first. Treating yourself with unconditional respect and love is freeing for you, and contagious and inspirational for others.
I’ve been kind of a lousy eater lately. I think I seriously have an addiction to peanut butter and chocolate, no seriously. Not many people you know and who will admit to eating peanut butter by the spoonful out of the jar (and I’m not talking about a tiny spoonful). Yep, this girl. And what’s even better is sprinkling chocolate chips on top of that peanut butter before shoveling it in your mouth. Yep, this girl!
- Every successful person believes that we have two choices in life:
Right now, sitting in the office alone doesn't help any.
Into these waters, washed over
Children love to feel responsible, challenged and respected. But most children don’t like being told what to do… iRewardChart also allows you to set up abstract goals like “Patience” and “Sharing With Others”, so rewards teach the virtues you want your child to learn.
MY ANALYSIS:
