(2)Stir until well mixed.Marinate for 10-15mintues.
The shortest member of the Bush Radio newsteam with the biggest mouth – always up on current events and producing excellent radio features – Lusanda is proof that news does not have to be dry or boring, especially when combined with the smooth tunes she spins.
Barbara Barry. I was so happy to have discovered this, especially today.
Though I wouldn't stay too long. I'm kind of a fan on indoor plumbing and my iPod.
Martha Stewart - Rhinestones
For freedom
In those days the BBC could not afford to get stuntmen, so brave Frank, played by Michael Crawford, had to do all his own stunts.
Behold part of the mascara I still have to try out. It’s not ALL (there is one that has already been tested but not yet reviewed. Two are stuck at clearance, and I don’t know when they’re going to release the package. On top of that I might or might not have got a gift with purchase coming my way…)! I used to be very sober. I would find a mascara to stick to for three months (I actually have to throw it away after three months. Otherwise my eyes start itching), and if I got any samples in the meantime I might play with it too. Nothing THIS dramatic.
EHOVE Rep: Natalie Wilson
Mitzy is fascinated with the cats,i dont think she has ever seen them before and she is making great efforts to make friends.
I show with my actions not by quoting something said by someone else.
Last week on Friday 20, the Uganda media broadcasted a video clip where the Police officers were seen squeezing the breast of the opposition woman politician Ingrid Turinawe. Ingrid is the leader of the women’s league for Forum for Democratic Change(FDC) which is one of the strongest opposition political party in the country. The police squeezed Ingrid’s breast while arresting her on her way to a rally in one of the city surburbs. This cruel and brutal act has been condemned by human rights activists and the general public
And just this month, research was published in Drug and Chemical Toxicology showing yet another route by which aspartame damages your brain …
after the baking,
Kingdom Hearts Bitch!
Prevent governmental abuse! Vote for separation of Judicial and Executive Power.
"That's why it destroys bodegas?" asked Perkus.
When we place people and events into the Hands of God, who is for ever and ever; He guides me and you to the end. Even to the end where all stories have a happy ending.
(using both Summer Games and Sunny Day)
I travelled to Millicent (440 kms from Adelaide) on Friday around lunch time. My friend, Kerri turned 40 on Monday and at her husbands suggestion, we threw a surprise birthday party for her. Turns out Kerri doesn't deal too well with people 'forgetting' a milestone birthday and apparently was a bit sulky to see that people were a bit 'cold' and detached prior to the party. "I thought you'd forgotten about me" - she said. Of course, we were all bursting inside but none of us could let on. She burst into tears when she saw a heap of us Adelaide people there and everything was just perfect. Kerri's mum hosted the party and I was in awe at the design of her house. The pic above is one lounge room. There are three.
Note: U2 has been surpassed. Deal with it Bono.
People of faith have supernatural experiences all the time. God is Himself supernatural after all. How else would He communicate with us? The experiences of St. Faustina, St. Bernadette, the students of Kibeho, Sister Agnes of Akito, the shepherd children of Fatima and many, many others are mighty demonstrations of the power of Heaven when it wants to get Earth's attention. Each of us who strives to live a devout life could I'm sure talk about varying degrees of supernatural experiences as well, though we hesitate to share our stories with anyone.
- A second secret services account claim form, dated 13 December 2010, on which Naidoo requested R57 146.30 “to purchase building material and hardware . . . to carry out security upgrades at the minister’s official residence”, which was approved by Lazarus;
Darryl Kenney, 24, was arrested shortly after deputies discovered his father’s body, when he was spotted driving his father’s truck in the area of Venetian Way and North Courtenay Parkway, authorities said.
However, this time it counts and it's been a while since my vote counted (East Ham voted 70% Labour in 2010 and Newham has 60 Labour Councillors and no Opposition) so what am I to do?
Back to Jeff's post though, he also touches on the fact that Portland is putting out some of the best food in the country right now. This isn't just happening in the wonderful little restaurants scattered all over town just like the breweries, but amongst so many home enthusiasts as well. They share much of the same mentality as local homebrewers, unsurprisingly since many of them are enamored by anything tasty and aromatic to land on their palettes. I must admit to loving this about Portland, how you can meet a stranger and discuss which mushrooms are tasting best from which vendor and also talk about new hop varieties or what exciting brew you enjoyed down the street at your neighborhood pub. That is never going to get old.
Theme stated: Does “It’s not the end of the world” count as a theme?
It doesn't matter how many gift are for you under the tree what matters most is something that you can't buy in stores.
Week 7 Results
-great at self-promotion and
This one (above) is sipping nectar from a mauve plectranthus flower.
Add to this the ridiculous and appalling rulings on some of the other points - indication of knowledge because they had tools to detect infringement, insertion of ads in the users' works indicating knowledge of infringement and the fact of MySpace's India-centric operations being proof of infringing activity in/from India, and it is clear that the Indian law is falling far behind and needs a complete makeover.
1/2 cup almond meal. (I grind whole almonds until a coarse powder.)
In the wee hours of the morning (1:00ish?) on September 23rd, my mom, on a houseboat vacation with my two older siblings in Lake Powell, Utah, woke up to discomfort and a voice telling her, "This is a heart attack, you're having a heart attack." She had already thrown up a couple times before she went to bed (thinking she was just sick but actually was experiencing angina) but, as she woke up more and started to try and rouse my dad and tell him what was going on, she began throwing up again.
... and something that everyone in the group should start reading as one of the tools in their weight loss journey.
This month i have a 2- year scrapping celebreation.
To Heathrow from Humboldt Bay
I first experienced this delightful drink when my friend Julie served it as a festive beginning at this year’s Thanksgiving dinner. I’ve given the proportions to make individual cocktails, but if you are serving a crowd, it works very well to mix all the ingredients, including the frozen berries, in a large glass pitcher and pour accordingly.
9. Epidemiology: This is the episode that started a string of about six consecutive episodes of Community that I would say was as good a stretch of television as I’ve ever seen. The idea of putting zombie scenes to ABBA was inspired (and no doubt expensive), and I really liked that it put a lot of focus on Donald Glover, who I’d say was the resounding MVP of this season. Some people weren’t big fans of the fact that people were actually turning into zombies, but for those of us who had a more willing suspension of disbelief for a Halloween episode, this one was a real treat.
Conjures up some strange images, certainly. The actual wording was, as you might expect, much less interesting - "open storage land".
Your arms and legs are constantly moving!
The Puzzle Vault of Sharahad
“Oh I am so sorry, I just bought this phone and have never called you before. It must have…”
First of all, there was the necklace (because I do love a new challenge, and decided recently that I could be a master jewellary maker!) I've bought a few bits and pieces over the last couple of months to get me started with my new hobby, and have been perusing craft magazines and the Accesories departments of the shops for inspiration. I have thoughts on a memory-wire bracelet, and am writing down other ideas as I have them, to put by for later when my skills and materials have caught up with my imagination!
Kindle Ebook on Amazon
Don’t ever use the term un-American again for protesters who love this country and are exercising their rights upon which this country was founded. By the way, while I served in the Army, I was spit on by the same type of lunatics who support you and who you probably supported in the 60s and 70s. You are an embarrassment to all of us who served so that you would have the protected right of free speech to call us un-American. But at the same time, I have the right to write you to notify you that I consider you to be un-American, as do the majority of the people of this formerly great country. You are a true disgrace to most of the people who served this country by offering themselves for public service in the United States Congress.
The Landmarks/Land Use Committee urged restrictions on a developer's request for a variance to add density and eliminate parking from a six-story apartment building with nearly 55 units.
So it just might be that you DO look better, even though you might not be feeling that way. Why should one assume insincerity?
3.Do you have a boyfriend or husband?
I totally forgot to write a blog post last night. I usually do it on Sunday nights and it never crossed my mind last night. I was all set to watch the Amazing Race and the season finale of the Good Wife (which we have discovered in the last couple months is a great show) and I forgot!
A war for spiritual power
3:38pm. ”Twist = energy. This is the law of yarn.” And it has so much impact on how the yarn behaves in what you knit. I need to buy her book, Knitters Book of Wool to learn more about this.
Surely, you have challenges to face right now. Move forward and take them head on. It is always good to think stepping up to the opportunities that lie just beyond the tests. For now, you may be in darkness, but the fact is, the light is right around the bend. When you overcome the difficulties facing you, you will then be able to drink in the sunlight of accomplishment to recharge your battery.
Matches, tournaments and events! This is also a very interesting part of all your favorite ex cricketer. You can browse the Cricket World Cup including speculation about who the cricket live update nz be charged if you decide to delete an application, it will not be sneaked away from eyes of the test cricket live that the espn cricket live in form of List A cricket match and also number of crickets. Some food supplements like alfalfa, calcium supplements and raw vegetable scraps can also find them in several online cricketing sites where you can join the 50webs.com cricket live and can freely express his or her Cricket cellular phone, there is no additional cost to access and browse the cricket live update nz and download the cricket live update nz from newspapers; download the cricket live update nz and enjoy the india cricket live, then cricket podcast downloads prove to be cleaned regularly to prevent the cricket live update nz of mold.
11 heat
And then comes the kicker...
When you’re 9 months pregnant you start dreaming about getting your own body back and finally not being pregnant. The hours and days after you have a baby you feel so much worse than when you were pregnant you’d give anything to have the huge belly and the swollen ankles back. The last thing I felt capable of doing was taking care of a little, 9lb human being. I hadn’t slept in over 40 hours, I hadn’t eaten in over 24, I was sitting on ice, I was bleeding – I was in pain. So no, I didn’t feel head-over-heels in love at first sight. I felt like I needed them to finally give me the dinner they’d been holding hostage for hours and I felt like I needed to sleep for a few days.
Never let it be said that will do today what could be put off until the last possible moment tomorrow... as is the case with my entry for Tim Holtz's 12 Tags of 2012, March Challenge. Aw, heck, I've got a whole hour and 45 minutes until March is over... on Planet Linda, that actually IS early.
Choking on my own negativity, positivity and played-out words! I bring my breathing down to a satisfying pace and snap meself out of whatever unknown trance that I've found meself in.
The full tirle should be-
I figured if I couldn't make it with the winter weight, I'd fake it with orange. Ooh boy - it ended up being a lot of orange, because I also have a large orange bag in use at the moment.
People inmgrate ilegaly from lati American coutries to the US every year. From Mexico ,cuba and other routs. They also use dierent methods to do it. From going across the border illegally to hiding in vehicles, all for the hope of a better life. From cuba they try to get to Miamy on small boats and to other cities by hiding in plains. Arabs get to north Africa, then sail in small boats to Italy and then spread o different parts of Europe, specially France and Belgium, it is estimated that by 2030 Paris will be mostly muslim.
So where’s this coming from? Why do non-Muslims feel the need to come to the defence of women who haven’t asked for their help, don’t need their help, don’t want their help and don’t agree with the ideals of these non-Muslims?
THE LINK WILL BE REMOVED AFTER SUNDAY, MAY20,2012 JJ
Twitter to me
With the Winter's chill in the air, I look forward to the ice melting on the goldfish pond; anticipate the greening of leaves and the return of Spring. Ah! the warmth of Springtime is on my mind! Here's the fish in my backyard pond right after they were fed. There's a little feeding frenzy going on and there's a lot of movement to the water in this challenge; I hope it fills you with a little inspiration of the Spring that is on the way.
So far, I’ve only seen like five episodes, but it’s enough to blog about.
I have to give a big SHOUT OUT to Slug mama over at Slug Mama from the train! Simple Slug. I just want to say, I love you. There. I've said it! I got my $25 Walmart gift card that I won on her blog in the mail a couple days ago and plan to use it all on paper and pencils to get these kids off to school in style! Because they all need pencils that don't have teeth marks on them or are ground down to the eraser already... That happens later. I give them a week.
And when I hobbled to my van, I opened up my phone to find a text from Isabel:
"This is a beautiful book, filled with hope. You'll cry and laugh along with Carley as she learns to lower her defenses enough to love—and, more surprisingly, be loved. It's a story you'll long remember." –Patricia Reilly Giff
I grabbed her arms. “Only if you tell me about what happened to her. I know Sal did something to her maybe worse than what he has done to you.” I said.
Erica and Stephen founded their business in 2009 the way a lot of business are created: Through serendipity, followed by looking around, asking questions, and recognizing a unmet demand. In their case, it started when Erica discovered an old glass carboy in her father's basement from his brief home brewing excersion fifteen years ago. After making ice cream and pasta from scratch, Stephen and Eric decided their next food project would be to brew beer, so they went about reading up on home brewing.
Having the guts to learn how to open this latch on the back porch gate - from the inside - has backfired on “ Ms. Cow With No Legs - Sexy Feet - Spicy Bitch. “
Just as some prefer not to workout, to stay at home and cut themselves…To party too hard on the weekend, waking up in regret because of their actions the night before. Are your actions not the same? Which one is worse?
The only thing missing to make this day even better would have been a phone call from My Marine but it didn't happen so I just have to wait 3 more weeks!
We understand how Rep. Manny Pacquiao got his 1.3 billion pesos in net worth for 2011, thus, making him the richest among Philippine politicians.
6 Get in the Game 5:32
I left Philadelphia yesterday afternoon, another short trip on the still pleasant Megabus got me into New York just before four o’clock. I had to navigate the subway out to East Williamsburg where I would find my hostel, but this was pretty easy and I arrived at the New York Loft Hostel just before five. East Williamsburg is probably the hippest place I have been to since East Berlin. Everyone looks like they’re aged between 18 and 24, all dressed like they’ve just finished a photo shoot for a glossy magazine, and sporting excellent haircuts.
Can’t wait to share the final room look with you guys! It’s gonna be great! Here’s a sneak peak.
‘Three,’ said the Crumpet.
Don’t – expect you are going to get a lot of sleep and be all comfortable like. You’re not and you won’t be.
Little did I know, this was a common occurrence in my college town. Saint Patrick's was not just a day to celebrate the British Priest who taught the Irish about the holy trinity, nor to recognize the injustices suffered by Irish immigrants in America during colonial times. (What?? Even I read Wikipedia sometimes). In Wisconsin, Saint Patrick's Day was to celebrate the holy addition of GREEN BEER, stupid little top hats and "Kiss me I'm Irish" t-shirts to our lives, and praise their jovial ways.
She did really well at the Show and brought home 3 first place ribbons, 2 second place ribbons and 2 third place ribbons!! We were so proud!! (But we were proud of her anyway.)
“Moego what?”
And later: “Oh, Akian, you are a bastard.”
Climbing out of the womb of mother, out of the caves where lost soul-bits dwell in their dark nooks to heal or hide yet she makes them all whole to move on.
When Piazza went after Mota (who played for the Dodgers at the time, Piazza’s former team), Pedro Martinez (who wasn’t even a teammate of either at the time) chimed in and pooh-poohed Piazza’s anger. Well, not like Pedro is anyone to talk about going after players. But still, Mota was not very welcomed by Mets fans, to say the least. At least Piazza was no longer on the team, as if that would have stopped anything.
in your well used little black book
I want to get out and say lay off I have two precious little ones with me..
– and this with crawfish prices hovering around two dollars a
My brother’s death was a result of police incompetence. His life was twice threatened by the same individual (now standing trial for the murder). He reported it twice and made two statements at the Indwe police station and one and Aliwal North. The police knew the individual was harassing him before the murder. My brother often said his life was in danger. The police maintain it was robbery, but my brother’s murder was premeditated.
BF: That’s how far it goes back.
a quilt rack
6% ABV would have been better. With the IBU's this beer is sporting, higher alcohol means friends and family who try it get a quick buzz, which helps take their minds off the hop assault.
by Jason E. Hodges
Tenabrae service at church tonight! Maddy is playing the organ and we'll be singing in the choir as the lights grow dimmer and dimmer and then we all walk out in total silence to get our chili dogs.
With that said, one of the questions I love playing with in SciFi is, “What does it mean to be human?” I then answer it, or at least ask it, within the context of a SciFi background.
It’s made me think of my own foray into performing arts education, over twen……many years ago. I was not so fortunate with pre-college training or experience, and I hadn’t been acting since I was a four years old, and I had little guidance from my high school teachers (or elsewhere) as to how to go about it all. I just tried.
Someone, for the love of God, please shoot me!!
And here I feel back at square one again. Beginning with tomorrow morning, it’s back on the plan again. No junk, no crap, no binging, and continue no purging. Gym or run once a day, (and if I can manage it, twice!). I have the race in a week and then I turn 30 in two weeks. I was so close to dropping below my goal, I was 2.5lbs away. I can do it again, today was just a small blip…. right?
Needless to say, the old bits will be relegated to drilling wood and plastic. On the other hand, that probably just makes life more complicated. I might just give them away, after I find a multi-size assortment of the good ones to replace them with.
Thank you, Alex for putting this together!
read them over again,
As I think I've mentioned before, I don't usually like to write about unfinished projects. And currently the front of my house is a bit of a mess as I work to scrape (and repaint, before it gets too cold) a section of it. But at long last, the new front deck is finished, and I've had a special request from Dad (without whom this deck would never have been possible!) to post pics of this project that's taken up much of the past two months of both our lives.
Also, America is not considered a baby-selling nation.
… I dunno if it’ll ever happen for me. Maybe I need to stay away from that, for these thoughts seem to point towards the fact that I am not ready. I’m not mature enough.
All this is fast, you'll be surprised at how slow the clock is ticking!
-colouring fondant with food colours to achieve the perfect shade for your design
The “Boulevard” terminated, as it still does, at Plaza Callao; a plaza named for the Battle of Callao, a naval stalemate for Spain that took place on May 2 1866 between a Spanish fleet and an alliance of Peru, Chile, Bolivia and Ecuador in the Peruvian port of that name. Quite why it should be celebrated I have no idea, except a naval battle in which Spain was not defeated was probably something to shout about!
It seems that White 'ethnic pride' reached a peak in the United States in the 1970s. I remember that time period as being one in which many White Americans began to take more interest in their own ancestry and heritage, and to try to keep their particular cultural traditions alive, such as native costumes (if any), their national cuisine, and the music of their ancestral country. During the 70s it seemed that every city of any size had Irish pubs which featured Irish music and food, and Irish import shops with items relating to Irish culture. Those kinds of shops seem harder to find now. I particularly like Irish music and now it's harder to find people who play traditional music in most cities, with the exception of New York or Boston or other such places with large Irish 'communities.'
December 2011 of Insurance New Net Magazine Allan Checkoway’s career includes more than 30 years in the healthcare insurance field and specializes in the brokerage placement of DI and LTCi coverage.
and farm produce.
Until next time - mwah !
3. Affirmative action for all underprivileged citizens; or selective affirmative action for a majority?
THE HEART OF THE CITY
Humble in spite of this impressive success, Catherine was surprised and delighted to be short listed in the BWA children's category. When her name was announced as the winner and we watched Catherine, walking with the aid of two sticks, make her way to accept her award, all of us on the table were choked.
As I smile looking at my full fridge, my daughter asks if we are rich and I think – YES! She tells me however, that we are rich in LOVE- that too!
my sweet lafayette friends, run to Jesus. He is on a fierce and passionate pursuit to rescue and call you back. B/c we are all deserted wives in the desert without him. He knew these game changers would kills us. So he has always, will always be calling us back to drink his water, repair our hearts, restore our souls.
Now it's just too late and
You'd have to be living on Pluto to not realize that the world in general and the U.S. in particular are in dire financial shape right now. The bottom line is that there just isn't enough money for all the needs, much less all the wants, that people have. More and more people are going hungry and turning to food banks and the charity of others to help fill their stomachs, and government dollars are drying up as millions more people apply for food stamps and other such aid. I could go on and on about the federal government's reckless printing of money out of thin air, but since states, cities, families and individuals have to live within their means or go bankrupt, I'll just make this point again: Since "the system" doesn't have the means to take care of you, you need to do all you can to take care of yourself and your family.
Before sitting down to write this I did a bit of research on the "origin of language" and find I am in good company. It seems when and how language was developed has been debated for over a hundred years. At one time the subject became so heated the discussion was banned. There are several circulating theories, one being we are genetically encoded. I am not an academian, anthropologist, archeologist nor am I a linguistist; I am simply a lover of words (though probably a poor user of words).
Of men that perish and of summer morn.
Vonnegut has chosen Rumfoord as his personal weapon and he punishes Rumfoord's wife for her arrogance, for her pride and her desire to remain untouched. In this analogy Rumfoord's wife is Virgin Mary, but her purity has been reversed into a sin.
What genres do you not represent?
Here's the other posts so far in this series
“You're looking at it doc” he said before hopping off the table and shaking Dr. Osbournes hand, “Trent Saxon at your service. You might want to rethink your autopsy procedure by the way, it sure hurt when you cut me up.” Dr. Osbourne just stood there with a dumb look on his face, completely perplexed. Trent turned to Geoff and pointed at Osbourne's face. “Hey that's the look you pulled Geoff. What is it with people and pulling that face at me?” This just caused Geoff to laugh, which brought Osbourne back into the room. He looked Trent over, and noticed something.
a monster canon,
This week I tested out their Couscous Confetti Salad which was delicious and so easy to make. I had plenty of leftovers for lunch for a couple of days. Check out their webpage. You're going to love what you find there.
Excitement is building in the Z-Prix competition for the first solar sail propelled vehicle to leave the solar system, that is to cross the threshold known as the heliopause. Surprising everyone but herself, the competition was sponsored by Ansari Dhuka, oil sheik, after an epiphany in the sun-scorched Empty Quarter of Saudi Arabia. For the subsidized price of $6m, teams are supplied launch services into low earth orbit. From there, they must proceed propelled only by the sun, driven by enormous solar sails. The teams are chasing a $10m prize for being the first to leave the solar system, and a consolation $6m prize for being the fastest, i.e. quickest voyage to deep space. Spectators can check the progress of the race and solar weather reports at z-prix.org. Here are snapshots of the four most serious entrants to the competition.
If I want to get all this done by June, I'd better shut up and go quilt!
A Wedding Doomed from the Start
For a more wallet-friendly dessert but equally delicious, try the vanilla parfait (RM24) served with a raspberry coulis and white chocolate honeycomb. This is a refreshing dessert after a heavy meal, allow this dessert to "melt" a little as we felt this was the best way to enjoy it.
It helps that Rob is really on fire throughout the 39 minutes of the album, relying heavily on the screamed lines that he'd reined in for a few of the recent albums. I don't know about you, but while I appreciate the guy's adventurous nature and willingness to experiment and broaden his range to include its depths, I like it best when he's screeching over the iron-clad mesh of the guitars like acid raining from the sky, and we get plenty of that here. The guitar tone is boxy and effective, the leads spurious but entertaining, certainly some of the most acrobatic they'd yet delivered but still mindful of a good dual melody (as in the title track). The bass once again doesn't do much but follow the guitar, yet you can hear a few of his fills, and this was also the most muscular execution yet from Dave Holland, the powerful pounding undercurrent that the band would further exemplify as they blasted into the late 80s with Ram It Down, and of course the inevitable Painkiller.
They did exactly that. When you get to the edge where the woods meets the talus slope, a series of stepping stones leads you upward. This is the beginning of the Balanced Rock Trail.
A great way to stay motivated, focused and disciplined is to keep track of your progress. I personally monitor my progress to know when it’s time for me to change things up, remember when it gets comfortable and too easy, it’s time to change it up. I record everything I eat and what exercises I do; this allows me to see what works and what doesn’t. If you keep a food journal, it helps you be aware of what you eat so you are less likely to give in to the “fake hunger”. It also helps me stay accountable. Of course everybody is different so you should determine how you measure your level of progress. E.g. I usually give myself about 3-4 weeks of doing an exercise plan before I decide it’s time to switch it up simply because that’s usually how long it takes for me to get “comfortable” with the exercises. So figure out your measure of progress and use it to stay on track.
Where the dead men lost their bones.
When first he came to Japan,
*This is NOT the “major motion picture” that The Venus Project is working towards but rather is a 52 minute documentary to introduce the aims and proposals to new people.
The A.L. East will still finish Yankees, Red Sox, Rays, Blue Jays, Orioles.
At this point they decide that it is their best interests to make a run for it and they speed out of the secluded overnight spot dragging their awning behind them. Also at this point, in case you are interested, I decided to have a light supper of cheese and crackers, yum. And thus the vacationing quartet find themselves pursued relentlessly up and down Texan motorways by enraged cultists and the eponymous ‘the ‘race with the devil’ begins.
crimes are commercial crimes, and under Public Policy, that you must
Just look at Von Steuben. He arrives uniformed, head-to-toe—standing stiff in a tall hat. He looks like the Nutcracker. The mountain men who run the place smirk at him. They tower over him too, like almost every other guy in the movie. We learn nothing of Von Steuben’s past, but we do know he’s short, unattractive, self-important and dull to talk to. If he hooked up with anyone, we’d be surprised.
The street flooded, as did my nanna's house from every window, my garage was flooded, hail dented the airconditioner units, my mother's car...
Letters and alphabets begin and end (like in the history of a particular species or culture). Formations of an individual word begin and end- like the words “internet” or “blog” or “quark” are rather new while an ancient language that is known to have existed may now be otherwise forgotten, like an extinct species that is now just a distant legend or a big rack of dinosaur bones in a museum.
If we do not praise we shall grow sad in our conflict; and if we do not fight we shall become presumptuous in our song.
The sections in which Toby is trained and his will subdued through beatings and other forms of bullying is horribly convincing. And the character of Alistair Windlass - who inevitably comes back into the story - is endlessly fascinating. In Windlass, Renner has created that rare thing in a book for children: a truly morally ambiguous character. He has killed more than once and is limitlessly ambitious (he used to be the country's Prime Minister, after all). But he has some of the qualities of timeless heroes too.
It wasn't until last night that I was sitting on the couch watching tele and my eyes had wandered over to a driftwood fish thingy hanging on the wall, that I thought about that fish comment again. As I replayed that conversation in my head my eyes quickly moved across to fix upon a fish statue harmlessly residing on the TV cabinet and from there they darted over to the kitchen bench where a fish plate was waiting to be put in to the dishwasher. Suddenly everywhere I looked there seemed to be some sort of fish paraphernalia staring back at me with mean menacing eyes.
* The set list rocks. The only tracks I didn't really care for were "Girl Gone Bad" and I thought Dave made "Ice Cream Man" horrible, and that's one of my favorite VH songs ever. They didn't play "Stay Frosty" which sucks because I love that track. But they come out blasting with "Unchained" and before it's over you get all the biggies like "Panama" and "Running With The Devil" and stuff like "I'll Wait" and "Everybody Wants Some"... plenty of stuff from the new release too.
The new has established.
Dropped and Chopped is an exhibition of traditional rods and customs between 1946 and 1960. This will be the last week of the exhibit that opened Jan. 22. Visit the California Automobile Museum before these beauties are gone.
OK, new arsehole coming. It is completely beyond me what the pull is to her vacuous, narcissistic, rude and abusive tripe.
Find out what is seasonal and available right now in your area. It will be lower cost, very fresh and will support your local farmers. There are lots of websites out there that can give you this info and a list of farmers markets you can find them at.
The Colts have slain another dragon. It's unfair that one game carries so much weight, but that's the reality. Among the things that will or might come out of this:
3. Ooobop always has lots of sewing goodness and cute fashion stuff that I love. Nice detailed blog posts and lots of pics!
Include it in the agreement
No cage can now hold these strong wings,
Fish sauce, is a kind of spice similar to soy sauce, but is made with fermentation of fish, shrimp instead of soys.
I occasionally ask myself, why don’t I write more often? I feel as though it’s something I should do more of in order to sharpen my skills as an amateur writer but at the same time, I feel even stronger about not posting meaningless non-sense just to fill the in the gaps of an empty post like some last second, half-hearted, lame attempt at a homework assignment. Which leads me to my original statement, quality over quality.
She directed me to the shelf where I’d find the book. “It’s in the study,” she said. Then she pointed me to its exact location. (My mother knew every book in the entire house’s exact location. It was eerie, because the books really never appeared, to me at least, in any particular order.)
Joshua Aron, 29, New York, N.Y.
Xu Guan rolled onto his side, scrambled to his feet and collected his uniform before sprinting for a dense stand of shrubs and trees about 40 meters away.
Laura Holland has won our competition for a family ticket to a UK Dungeon. There were 20 correct entries and the d20 chose her. Grats to Laura, commiseration to the rest, and thank you to everyone for entering. And of course, thank you to Merlin Entertainments and Tugsearch for providing the prize.
Over the years I’ve bought House by the River three times on DVD before finding a copy that I consider acceptable. The US edition from Kino is a weak interlaced transfer while the French disc boasts a far stronger image but has forced subtitles that can’t be switched off easily. However, last year’s release by Sinister Films in Italy is an excellent alternative, looking as though it’s been taken from the same source as the French version. The film has been transferred progressively and the image is sharp and detailed with only very minor print damage. The Italian subtitles are optional and can be turned off via the setup menu. By way of extras, the disc also features a conversation between Lang and William Friedkin focusing on the director’s time in Germany and lasts around 45 minutes – a most welcome addition. There’s also an inlay card that folds out into a miniature reproduction of the original poster art. All in all, this is a movie that I’m quite fond of – I’ve highlighted the reasons why I don’t see it as one of Lang’s best efforts, but there’s still a lot to enjoy and admire. For those who don’t yet have the film, or others dissatisfied with the editions they already own, I recommend checking out the Italian disc.
DP's: Recollections Blue and Green Plaid; 2 sheets from DCWV the Blossom Song stack paper pad
Everyone, and i mean EVERYONE is an expert in children! How is that? Because everyone has been around one. You know, cousin joe knows everything there is to know because he has a niece 7 times removed who he spent an hour with at her 4th birthday party.
Alfar = Demi-human/humanoid
Lineage Audience Analog Master to cdr krw transfer to eac to tlh flac level 8
Today as I was kissing the children and wishing them a blissful nap- I saw all the tell-tale signs that instead of happy dreams, my children were planning a party instead. Alli had a few lollipops unwrapped that she had hidden behind her back, She also had coloring books, and a play computer under her pillow. Maggie had a sack full of popcorn, make-up, and toys hidden under her pillow. Dexter and Miles had all the mischievous grins that goofy clowns paste on their faces at scary children's parties. I knew that if I wanted to sleep with these paper thin walls, that I had to forgo sleeping in my room....... and be the RA- aka: sleep in their room with them.
Jahanara has been in the SCA for 15 years. In that time she has always enjoyed the Arts and Sciences. Over the years, she has learned costuming, embroidery, spinning, embroidery and weaving.
In another shop, the owner was on the phone explaining to someone about a channeling the dead class and I immediately thought of Hendrix and Joplin and Morrison and even Mama Cass whose amazing, disembodied voice I would hear later in still another useless chatchka emporium.
"You keep repeating a part of the mammalian anatomy. We aren't discussing that subject right now."
I continued to read her blog heavily from June 2011 on wards before I felt a bit at a loss. Organic, healthy living is such a great concept but I still find it quite inaccessible to my generation (Y – which makes me early 20′s if you’re interested). Cost is still a factor for everyone going organic.Although I know that paying more for better food now will equal better benefits in the long run when you aren’t paying expensive health bills. Nevertheless I am not 100% convinced. I am also a member of a household and am not in control over what the household eats therefore I don’t have quite the buying power that others not in my situation have. Instead I decided to turn my beauty cabinet organic and was pretty pleased with the results given that I have sensitive skin. That kept me sedated for the time being.
To venture out, who'd dare?
Conspiracy? Coincidence? Are there other novels with cover art that seems to allude to this Lord of the Flies cover?
The first drawing is of the outside of the house, painted yellow which is her “happy color.”
When I got fired, you were there to support me.
Yes, really. I realise there is some confusion about this here in the southern hemisphere. Remember, the seasons are the other way around, so that makes it Halloween tonight here in the Antipodes. This festival is also known to pagans by its ancient Celtic name, Samhain. As a seasonal festival, it marks the descent of the wheel of the year toward the darkness of winter and the lengthening of the nights. According to tradition, the veil between the living and the dead is thinnest on this night, and the dead are free to roam the earthly world and claim the offerings we leave out for them.
This is the front of the Stereo Surgeons store on Main Street and Burnside Avenue in East Hartford CT. And someone besides Geno Auriemma himself has a high opinion of him.
On top of all that (can you believe there's more?) Sean got our wedding invitations framed. I know what you're thinking: who even thinks of that? It's just so sweet. And it looks great up on our wall. We don't even have any wedding pictures up yet, and the invitations were an art project we collaborated on, so it was really meaningful. I know we were both proud of our work when we finished them, and it's like we both have one of our own pieces framed on the wall now. It was also a complete surprise that I never would have guessed.
And in his summary of sentencing issues, he wrote:
ActNow Foundation is a non-profit 501c(3) theatre & film organization, based in Fort Greene, Brooklyn, which focuses its productions on the full range of African-American & Latino experiences in New York City, throughout the United States and around the globe.
Can Kooi be considered credible? The conflict of interest is clear, especially when federal guidelines appear to state otherwise. Having Kooi in charge of oversight over his former bosses is to leave the fox in charge of the hen-house.
2) psychopaths, being control-driven, also don’t like to relinquish control over their targets
Those who do spank often rationalize their choice in one of two ways: they either cite the Bible's "spare the rod and spoil the child" clause (which really isn't IN the Bible, btw), or they speak of spanking as a behavior modification tool, designed to help children learn to obey and exhibit "positive" behaviors that the parent gets to define. Parents who rationalize their choice to spank this way are drawing a distinct line between a "simple tap" on the butt and a smack across the face or punch in the mouth.
Look at the things that make great teachers. Keep your eye on the stories. Making a difference to just one child at a time. Knowing that the upset-ness you feel over that one situation went awry is lying to you. YOU CAN BE A GREAT TEACHER.
I drove away with my free shake...confused.
In a frantic call to the pediatrician, "bring her right over" I'm told.
Advice on Repairing Your Home
Hops – I know, you are saying, ‘BLOODY FINALLY A BEER WITHOUT FUGGLES AND GOLDINGS!’ yes, a beer without fuggles and goldings. These hops are 100% not by choice, they are very much directly from the log. 100% Brambling Cross. What do you get out of these. Me, I get lemon and black currants. They are kinda Goldings-y but much rougher and elbowy. If you haven’t used them, give them a shot. If you can’t find BC’s, you can replace them with Brewers Gold or Cluster. You should be able to find one of them. All three hops are kinda ‘catty’ so if you aren’t a fan, pick something else!
Once again we found a few things and with the promise of that refinishing secret, Joe agreed to a few more boxes!
Oh My Lover
It is an understatement to say that the chief captain was out of his depth. He was dealing with something for which he was not trained or prepared. The complication was that this Paul was both Jewish and Roman. He knew the law of the Jews and now he knew the law of the Romans. This was too much for Lysius to take in.
I found this quite an interesting idea, as my girlfriend and I have been working out way through the IMDb's top 250 films list, with an eye on concentrating on the more obscure, older or foreign titles, and now I'm wondering if we're going about it all the wrong way.
Min 11: “I don’t know how to take good pictures. People don’t like this post because of the crappy photography.”
“Repent ye therefore, and be converted. . .And he shall send Jesus Christ which before was preached unto you.”
I've been thinking about writing this blog for quite some time now. It's not easy. I could take a critical line like I did in my blog post about the photographs I hate looking at (and why) but instead I decided on a more positive approach, so this post is in praise of all those photographers who respect and celebrate the relationship photography has with reality, truth and photographic 'seeing'.
***** 5 stars for awesome indie vibes and that incredible self-publishing rack!
Want a peek?
I mean how can you not feel good about strutting, with wet bra, with smeared glasses in, “Hey I may be old but can’t judge weather clothes?” when you are listening to this. Way to go Monero! It reminded me of this fantastic time that happened not that long ago, I was in L.A. with bff and having super-fun at dance party. I was bugging the d.j., “More disco!” I shouted. He demurred but finally gave in. As luck would have it, because luck does have my back, He asked, “Can you handle this?” He played “Staying Alive” which of course I know the whole routine and busted it out.
I was spared direct line of ole Tortoise in my mirror, by dint of Van Man having shoved his furious way in between us.
Benefits?
I don't know that I ever heard a response to the question until one day an older kid, Andre, who had returned drugged and damaged from Vietnam answered "Long and loose and full of juice."
The silver lining: He finds his grandfather's naturalization card and the ship's manifest from his grandmother's immigration from "White Russia."
The best one that I could get.
~another great article from Islam For Kids
In our first of a series of interviews, Sheenagh Morrison talks to Fred Ford about his research and the various roles he’s been engaged in over the years with and for people with disabilities. In the following months Sheenagh will continue to interview researchers and research students on their disability related work, from the perspective of a self advocate. Given his knowledge of the history of disability in B.C. and around the world, Fred was a great start to this project.
Friday afternoon and I stayed home to wait for the other girls to get home.
Eventually becoming known by another name, the pendulum clock was invented in 1656 by Christiaan Huygens, a Dutch scientist. His inspiration came from Galileo Galilei’s research on pendulums’ ability to keep time. The clock utilizes a pendulum, or swinging weight, as a timekeeping device. The earliest pendulum clocks had some trouble keeping perfect time due to the wide swings of the short pendulums.
In New York, Tibco is working with Con Edison to computerize the underground electrical grid to minimize power failures. When one transformer shuts down, instead of short-circuiting others around it on the grid, it can be immediately isolated.
"Not today. Let’s just wait and see."
And, aptly named it is – the ascent starts off in a relatively benign fashion… over the River Dender and then onto a pleasant enough (tho’ pretty steep) asphalt road before… suddenly… two right turns in quick succession and… ouch… big ouch… cobbles the size of bread-loaves that look (and feel) like they’ve been laid by a blind-man trusting to judgment rather than benefitting from using a spirit-level.
Since that time Governor Cuomo has been reducing the DEC even further. The Alany Times Union coverage speculated on how this interrelates with the contemplated Marcellus Shale drilling. (See: Axe To Fall At DEC (Again), July 7, 2011, Liz Benjamin)
Cumin
Today I was at my local shops and popped into the local Chinese grocery. I love it there because it has different foods and lots of things we use day to day like vermicelli noodles, 2 minute noodles, Asian sauces and even some sweet treats at great prices.
For the last three summers we have headed to the West Coast to beat the heat. I am terrified that this time we are heading right into the heat. Well actually the humidity – which is something I am not used too. I do have one thing in my favor – I am much more fit and in better shape than other times in my life and so maybe it won’t affect me as bad. Like before when I was hauling around all the extra weight, maybe I shouldn’t be worrying so much about it. but I must admit the humidity has me worried along with bugs in forestry areas. So I am bound a determined to do as much time as I can at the coast. But trying to find someplace cool and comfortable between Charlotte, NC and the Crystal Coast is a challenge because of me and not wanting to settle. but I think I better have a talk with myself and remind myself about the mad house I will be throwing us into on Memorial Day weekend in Williamsburg.
I love to walk a lot, but … in two particular cities that seem to be impossible …that’s if you ask the locals.
RR–Yeah. Now this thing in this case—the light just came right up on the car, and shut down the electrical system on the car. Are you guys familiar with John Keel’s The Eighth Tower, a classic of paranormal investigative literature? He talks about unusual lights—he doesn’t specifically talk about ghost lights or standing ghost light locations, but it’s not uncommon in close-up encounters with UFO lights that that happens—that they’ll cut out the electricity system of a car.
I wouldn't actually be watching the EMAs were it not for BIGBANG. I don't care about any of the other acts, though us VIPs (BIGBANG fans) have to compete against BRITNEY SPEARS fans -.- She's in the lead by 0.2/3 % of the vote, so we just have to persist in voting, hopefully worldwide VIPs will help us out and we can win them the award :)
My frame is always round, wooden, light one, and last time I counted I had it in five different sizes. I always lose my scissors during big works, and I keep on looking for that perfect needle.
I found my bus after a brief period of uncertainty and fear, boarding in my drenched attire and thus escaping the hysteria. Other dripping students joined me in this unlikely sanctuary and just about everyone managed to find our bus. When we got home, it was sunny. Hurricane Charley is expected to hit the coastal cities tomorrow, with Central City being affected only by its outer edges. I’ll pray
Man, I really should have run faster.
What is you thought on this?
Please forward your details using the email link on the side so that your prize can be sent out to you. Congratulations :)
To make your own gift card envelopes you will need:
But I digress. Robots is our topic for today. We’ve already seen what a hit they are in the battlefields of the ‘stans, killing people for the “war on terror”. And now we have this Wired article that’s mainly about how much better than people they are at landing aircraft on carriers. But the interesting part, to me at least, is the increase in distance from human responsibility that you get with the robot instrumentality. If we farm out more of the actual farming to robots we’d need fewer morally compromised people to ruin more of the soil on which we all depend. And that’s where it starts to get scary.
There's Still Life
You may be like all the other people who graduated before you and discover that the job you take is not in the field you thought you would excel in but excel you can. Many find they took the easier subjects in college in order to get that degree instead of challenging themselves in more difficult arenas. That attitude will never cut it in any kind of economy or competitive field, now that you do have that degree, if you are going to make it work for you.
Brodsky pressed for the method to determine the discount.
Now the cutting. This is what makes good biscuits great. A good biscuit puffs up in the middle like a bread roll. A GREAT biscuit separates at the top and bottom, rising higher and higher in flaky layers, until it achieves what we call a "cats head" (i.e. it's about the size and proportions of a cat's head). Biscuits that do this successfully split easily and are wonderfully light.
So, how do you track wounds on your multi-wound models? How do you keep the count separate for characters riding monsters? Do you track wounds remaining or wounds suffered?
23. Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out
as an inscrutable and disturbing phenomenon, a baffling breed of mass
For the next half hour I stood there watching Kirby and my daughter play. A conversation with Kirby’s owner told me that he “brings Kirby to the park to share the joy. No matter what adversity you may be facing Kirby teaches all of us to enjoy life.”
Next comes the gravy, earnest discussions on college stairs
Hanging bowls may have held nothing at all and been purely ornamental objects with no purpose other than to look beautiful and display the owner’s wealth/status/exotic foreign connections.
The winter sleeping bag
Note that for the bottom arc, you can measure in from the corners at 2-1/2" and cut the arc shape. This piece does not have to be exact. Remember, no real strawberry is exactly a certain shape. :-)
Created in the same way with Elegant Eggplant ink and Clear Embossing Powder. I've also used the Corner Punch on my cards to give them a rounded finish. Thanks Chrissie and Mandi for the inspiration.
Names like Michael Wall, Geoff Platt, Michael Zigomanis and countless others who are plying their craft in a different league or have stopped playing altogether. I hope they can look back on their hockey cards and smile that they are forever immortalized on cardboard. I guess in professional sport, getting your own rookie card is your 5 seconds of fame.
What does that rootedness offer? Continuity. Tradition. Accountability. Deep, life-long friendships. I envy this because I’ve never had that continuity, that tradition. My oldest friend, dear as he is, dates to when I was 12.
Our main flock are Dorset Downs, which give a rich cream wool. We used this and wool from the chocolate-black Hebridean sheep, to create resilient chunky and aran yarns. The Jacobs, with their smart black and white patched coats have been used to make pretty grey aran and double knitting yarns. The Shetlands have a softer, finer fleece with a longer staple and they come in lots of colours. From them we have moorit (natural rich brown), white and a soft brown from a blend of fawn, cream and moorit fleeces. This and the hebridean black are available in both double knitting and 4-ply to allow people to create lighter, more delicate finished articles.
Pushing back against the failures of our leaders and institutions–and the resulting lack of trust–is a growing movement of people and organizations taking the initiative to share, engage, connect, solve problems, and demand some control over their future. While we wait for our leaders to act, thousands are looking at the leader in the mirror and taking action.
~~Battlefleet Gothic~~
Also apologies (again) to anyone who is waiting a prize or a long awaited email from me as I haven't been in the country (or around) to answer (or send) any either. I am, as I type this post, sorting out all emails now, so if you are waiting to here from Fab'n'Funky Challenges, you will have mail shortly.
Animal Crackers w N.UM $15.00
Prior to our launch on May 1st, there was no legitate product that had been licensed for card making in the way of stamps etc. As you can imagine, ebay still hosted card sales of images that had been scanned and recreated to be profited from - which then were policed and removed.
LLPJH Blog (llpjhblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
By Joe Flint
Nick’s issues come to full boil when his wife confronts him angrily at the station. Turns out she was meeting with her psychiatrist and he’s left (rightfully) feeling like a jerk for accusing her. Afterwards, we turn our suspicions to Stuart, who was on the roof alone with Leslie and who could feasibly have stabbed himself as a cover. Sure enough, he admits to the assault. Apparently he just wanted to impress her. I’d recheck that flirting handbook, dude.
We can also see the extremely high front lower wishbone position (FLWB); it’s nearly at the front axle height. Having wishbones spaced further apart is better for reducing the loads fed through them, but aerodynamics demand a higher position. We can’t see the outboard joint with the upright; neither can we see the outer pushrod joint. It’s probably that FIF1 mount these mount to the upright in a set up called ‘pushrod on upright’ (POU), this helps eight transfer with steering angle in slow corners.
DND5 = coupon states Do Not Double, but barcode starts w/a 5
This shirt is about three sizes too big, but when I saw it at Plato's Closet (vintage among the mall brands!) I just had to have it. The little navy specks give an outfit the perfect combination of neutral and interest, plus I have a weakness for tie-necks. When I saw it was Halston III, a line they did for J.C. Penney's, I was sold, or should I say the shirt was sold.
This morning, while looking up the pattern for the new laptop cozy I plan to make, I came across this great idea from Fatmumslim (http://www.fatmumslim.com.au/) and am excited to try it. Basic premise is to take a photo a day inspired by the list provided:
Every year we’d try our skills at dunking the Nigger (it wasn’t as if we practiced for it all year either) and it seemed like the harder we tried and the harder we threw the ball the more we lost control and the more we lost control the madder we got, which meant we’d try even harder. (Well, here’s lettin’ you save face without lettin’ nobody know that you really enjoyed dunkin’ the nigger.) I knew what the nigger was doin’. That he was gittin’ us mad on purpose so that we’d miss the target so he wouldn’t git dunked. I know that I enjoyed it, I know that Lucky enjoyed it; and it looked like the nigger enjoyed it too ‘caused he’d laugh and laugh, tease us and laugh each time we missed the target. But then would come the payoff when we’d cause the seat to collapse out from under him and we’d watch him fall into a tank filled with water.
Ehrman sets out to show how stories were changed by the storytellers that told them, by their own views and that during the oral culture this was a common practice. He illustrates by giving various examples of stories about Judas (some in the Bible some not). One of the most interesting ones was the Golden Legend. Judas is born to a Jewish couple Cyborea and Ruben. Before his birth Cyborea had a bad dream the Judas would "bring ruin on our whole people" so they decided to leave him to die by casting him adrift in a basket at sea. The basket washes up on the island of Scariot and the queen of the land finds the child and raises him as her own. After adopting Judas she becomes pregnant with her own child and the boys grow up together. Jealous of his younger brother Judas eventually kills him and fleas to Jerusalem. There he becomes the head steward of Pontius Pilate. In Pilate's service he kills Ruben and is given all Ruben's possessions including his wife as a reward. Cyborea overcome with guilt about leaving her son to die reveals what she and Ruben did to Judas. Realizing he has killed his father and married his Mother he turns to Christ for forgiveness and becomes one of the disciples. But his "evil" nature leads him to steal from the communal purse and when money is wasted on oil to anoint Jesus out of anger he betrays Jesus for thirty pence. He then feels remorse and goes forth to hang himself and burst forth from the middle.
I got sent off after 12 minutes!!!!!!"
Thoughts: Um, can I have this? Now? I love futuristic novels, and this ones sounds amazing. The cover alone should be the selling point for this book, but the plot is equally as inticing. Love it!
Returning home to your mud ‘n' thatch rondavel or woven beehive hut, which happens to be super eco-cool with the Greens, your blackout fetish gets literal. You can't light a candle or a paraffin lamp; nor can you connect to the Eskom grid. For entertainment, you'll have to ban anything approximating a magazine, newspaper, book, gaming console, television set, radio or compact hi-fi set.
(Tilda goes home. She enters her one-room flat and hangs up her jacket. On her dining table is a stack of Company Card bills. She sits on her couch and stares at the wall.)
After I fueled up with breakfasty goodness I spent the entire stimulus plan on pre-Mexico things: yoga gear from Lucy, haircut at New Vintage Beauty Lounge (I like them because my friend from the summer splash swim team who I've known for 15+ years did my hair, and because they have antlers on the walls like my living room) and $80 worth of hair products that make my head smell magnificent. Tomorrow I need to get some new flip flops and return an impulse buy from The North Face (I bought another white jacket, after buying 3 jackets at Lucy. I need help.)
Marching brown army,
Just recollected
Oh little baby, you'll never cry, nor will you hear a sweet lullaby.
Earns full-time UW credit.
Next I piped on a duckie using yellow frosting for the body, orange frosting for the beak, and brown frosting for the eyes. I filled in the duckie body with a star tip, and used a #3 tip to pipe a swirly design for the wing.
We then drove to Ngorongoro Crater.From our lodge, cosy and high on top the largest crater in the world, 2000ft deep and covering 100 square miles, one could observe the crater plateau teeming with life where 25000 large animals live. The drive down to the crater was not for the faint of heart... i saw my first Lion and Rhinoceros.
AND I'll check if all of the above are CHECKED! ^_^
Well, considering that the last three days, I have sat down and spent several hours creating like crazy.... I can say I think I have found my muse! I hope it stays around for awhile this time.
The rest went for the Memorial Stone."
I don't care. Shoot him again.
CSIRO is the principal scientific research organization of the Australian Federal Government. Established in 1926, CSIRO conducts scientific research and applies the efforts of that research to benefit the public at large. CSIRO is similar to the United States’ National Science Foundation and National Institute of Health.
I promise - here's my last bunny (at least for now!). This is another free coloring page that I found online.
Back it: Both teams to score (no) is 4/5 with Bet365. Dundalk are going to struggle for goals this season, but so far have two clean sheets thrown in. UCD will look to keep it tight this game too.
Broo’s Coronation – Broo’s coronation was patterned after the traditional British royal coronation ceremony. In Britain, when the monarch dies, the next in line steps in immediately, but waits several months (a proper grieving period) before holding a coronation ceremony. Specific items described in the ceremony reflected real-world parts of the actual ceremony held for British monarchs.
Up until the 1990s, no research had ever been conducted to determine the impact of fluoride on the pineal gland – a small gland located between the two hemispheres of the brain that regulates the production of the hormone melatonin. Melatonin is a hormone that helps regulate the onset of puberty and helps protect the body from cell damage caused by free radicals.
D. Levels of oxygen and the ratio of C12/C13 isotopes are declining on track with the rise of fossil fuels. YES. Carbon atoms can have different isotopes (different number of neutrons). C12/C13 isotope ratio has changed at the same time as the rise of fossil fuels. Also evident is lower amounts of oxygen in the atmosphere, as fossil fuel carbon binds to oxygen to make CO2.
Recently I have been looking into a lot of gay sub-culture groups. I was watching LOGO about a year ago and a documentary about the “Bears” of the gay community was on. Larger men who did not fit the “gay cliche” that so many people think is synonymous with homosexuality. This was not the first time that I experienced this sub-culture. My first encounter with a man sharing the same interests as me was a large guy with a stocky frame. I did my research on it. Read some blogs. Watched more documentaries. And eventually came to understand this type of man.
Police ombudsman accused over title Pardon call for anti-Nazi fighters Enda, get foot-in-mouth outbreak under control I have been libelled by Wikipedia, and I regard it as a potential source of great evil Removing barriers in people’s minds will bring down walls Government has no mandate to ratify austerity treaty without referendum Fury as Derry bid to host All-Ireland fleadh rejected McConville death secrets in Boston archive UVF supergrass accused refuse to give evidence Families want UVF handlers prosecuted
They loved it so much that they inhaled the first and second books within a couple of days and my 10 year old went out and bought The Secret War with his own money! They whipped through those two books only to find out from the author (via twitter - how cool is that!?) that the third book won't be out until next August! Patience, my boys. I have no doubt that they'll reread both books a couple of times before the next book comes out!
Maybe it’s something to do with his unusual proportions that enables him to unbalance players and amble past them as if it’s the most natural thing in the world. And if his quick feet and improbable changes of direction don’t quite get him the advantage he needs then brute force and pace will do the rest.
One of the victims of the attack, known as Xuan, suffered from a fractured nose and burns from a lit cigarette. The international student from China is seeking a master’s degree at the University of Technology, Sydney.
Theme: Dishes using seasonal ingredients
Best Supporting Actress Viviane Romance, La Belle Équipe
And that hasn't been for awhile now.
1 kiwi
This past week my students had a lot of fun working with their poem " A World on Stage." We read a Native American legend (play) called Pushing Up the Sky. The children got to perform the play in class for each other. For their craft, they designed their own stage using material for their curtains (my Room Mom cut them out in advance)... I had pictures of their faces which they use to create a picture of themselves on stage. (My room mom found cut-outs of singers, magicians, and dancers.) The kids chose the body they wanted or they created their own. These came out hysterical. We were laughing so hard as we viewed each one. Amazing work on their part. I think they came out great!!! What do you think?
Awhile ago Sweet Pea and I got the idea to hang a terra cotta planter on the side of the shed when we were at Molbaks. They had a vertical row of them filled with Spanish Moss. That gave me the idea to try putting one up high as a nesting place, who knows maybe a bird will think the same way I do? Then I found these letters at Hobby Lobby and thought the word GROW would be a fun one, although I wasn't sure where I would hang them. I think they look great on the back of the shed. It needed some character back there.
I was only as aware of Allahabad’s significance as anyone who hasn’t seen or heard him would be, but in time I was drawn into it as another’s memories intertwined into mine to a point where Allahabad became my own pilgrimage as well, of a shared destiny, of shared loss.
Thandie Newton (Jefferson in Paris)
Here are some pictures I took while photographing the spring flowers around my neighborhood..
I know I paid it. Two weeks ago.
Only two weeks ago, when I started the blog they refer to, I had no idea it would be picked up so quickly. But I have just loved writing it. There's something about blogs that's so immediate - unlike writing a book, which is SO difficult and takes SO long and then you have to wait SO long for publication day and by the time you get any feedback you have forgotten entirely what it was about.
On the childcare front, we checked out the most expensive option yesterday. It's impressive and I can't imagine anything better. But we are going to continue to look around because it would cost half of my monthly take home pay. We can afford it but it would force us to cut back a bit more on other things, which we would like to avoid if possible.
War correspondant Alex Quade is highly respected by the Special Operations community:
Tindle is, indeed, a peculiar beast. Throughout the strike action we hardly received a peep from them and even now I had to request a meeting with our publisher and managing director to find out what on earth was happening with this veiled threat of “redundancies” and “restructuring” which was stated in a letter received from them on the eve of our action.
I made most of these pages 3 years ago or so, so I'm guessing at some of the supplies too. Sorry.)
Here we have 1 Thessalonians 5:14-18. This section of verses is known as a figure of speech. Figures of speech are beautiful distinctions in the Word, highlighting a special emphasis or importance on a subject. Each one is a key to unlocking secrets in God’s Word. We turn the keys by knowing their meanings and usages. We have a beautiful figure of speech here called, Asyndeton. It simply means; “without conjunctions.” It takes us through a list of statements. We need to see these statements as a whole and not separate, they lead to a greater conclusion or climax. In this section of verses, using Asyndeton, we find out what is the will of God.
Unfortunately rumors of my sister-in-law’s passing are not exaggerated. Neither is the sorrow or the depth of grief. I find it mind numbing and I cannot speak about it. What can one say about “gone?” I read the Obituary of Kathryn M Fialkowski and I think how can I describe her life? Her meaning to me? It leaves me ruminating. Reaching back and replaying old memories — such small etherial things. Moments. A life comes down to little fleeting moments that someone recalls.
Saturday, September 15th–I had a major psychological meltdown today.
(For an indication of the lack of importance attached to consumer research by the UK Book Industry, we need look no further than the UK’s only book-specialist consumer research company, Book Marketing Ltd. When this company was put up for sale not long ago, it was purchased by an American company, Bowker – not a British or European company.)
The society exists to educate the public about documentary film as an art form through DOXA Documentary Film Festival, a curated and juried festival comprised of public screenings, panel discussions, public forums and educational programs.
As you can see, The Misadventures of Mrs. Duh just got a new look!
Yes, I've ran this course before & know what to expect
People will try.
E-dens Garden: a wonderful place, please refrain from picking the flowers and eating the apples.
My friend Lazzy and I always plan to have a free walk to SME since we’ve arrived Seoul. On Wednesday, the 15th, we almost spent one hour and a half in searching that yellow building. When we were intend to leave with a bit disappointed, a black nanny van parked in front of us. We were very curious about it.
To speak out against the creation of a multicultural society, or to mention any potential downside was to be a racist. Name one person who has dared speak out against the shrieking gods of diversity, or pointed out that nothing is enriched by being changed beyond recognition, who has not been labeled with that multi purpose word, which we have been brainwashed, beyond reason, to dread being called.
Let’s just say I was in need of some motivation. My hubby handed me my ipod. He found my ear buds. He did the dishes so I didn’t have to. He changed the laundry and put the kids to bed. (He is such a keeper!) But, I needed something more to get my brain juices flowing. And yes, I know I’m pathetic, but I have very stubborn brain juices.
Mountain, 11,212 feet high﻿
They are ready to fight and defend their child, and it is exhausting. He's right about one thing, it would be a lot more convenient if parents just believed everything teachers said. Convenient for the teachers. Not so much for the students, or for the parent-child relationships, which will last a lot longer than the parent-teacher relationships, if the parents are lucky.
"You also say that you have an eye for a pretty lady."
The thoughts and memories come think and fast, the landscape a mental trigger to elsewheres and elsewhens. The turn of the road here, the shape of the land there, each seems to hold something that takes me away from the here and now. Such thoughts come with the golden glow of a memory and the blue funk of regret. Why can’t I just see this place for what it is rather than try to build bridges to a place which, because of time, no longer exists. The car swerves to avoid a wallaby and I am back in the here and now. Brought back by one of the true markers of difference, as if the place knew what I was thinking and needed to give me a gentle nudge.
I choose to feel capable of expressing myself and knowing others see me that way too! Amen!
I looked at my 5’5”, 130 pound frame today, and smiled. Winked at myself. Glanced at every inch of my denim clad legs, and was thrilled at how the curves filled the jeans in all of the right places. I am not just okay with my body, hell, I’m damn proud of my body. After everything I put myself through, then my pregnancy, I am proud of the health and shape that I am in. It took me a long time to reach this place, but I like it. I want to revel in it.
Case in point. Years ago, I had an idea for a book on country houses, but nobody wanted to publish it. Finally, one publisher agreed to see me. Problem was, she was in Sydney. And she was about to go on her first holiday in 10 years. "You have 15 minutes," she said. So I took the day off work, flew to Sydney and got a taxi to the North Shore. I didn't realise it but the driver dropped me off a kilometre short of the location. So I hailed a hatchback, thrust $20 in the young driver's face and pleaded for him to take me up the road. He did. I walked in, made the pitch in a somewhat breathless voice, and told the story of the taxi as an ice-breaker. She laughed. I walked out with a two-book deal ten minutes later. The lovely guy was still waiting in the car park. I gave him $40. And flew back to Melbourne two hours later, still shaking from nerves. That was my harrowing start to this new career. My advice: Do whatever you have to do to get the deal done.
To view all the signs up for auction, visit:
Can we see something that shouldn't be there ?
If you don’t want the player to be able to select the text in the field, leave the Selectable option turned off.
1/3 cup chopped fresh basil
In Singapore, it’s against the law to take durien on the subway, and most hotels won’t let you bring it inside, because Westerners find the smell highly offensive. In Medan, there’s a street restaurant only open at night that is famous for serving several varieties of the fruit. If you find yourself in Medan and would like to try it, just follow your nose. You can smell the place for about a half-mile around. In Thailand there are festivals. In Surabaya, you can find literally piles of it along the coast road.
Am I on the run?
Then we get some seriously interminable, never-ending slew of scenes with nothing but these morons hiding on the spaceship from Pinhead and his cenobites and their stupid dog, too. This goes on for what feels like forever, and it isn’t interesting in the least. God. Everything this movie does – every god-forsaken thing – hurts me in a new way. If the filmmakers were trying to make something that accurately described the feeling of having Pinhead’s hooks digging into every part of your body…well, they succeeded! On a metaphorical level anyway.
Guest DJ Justin Zilman (OC)
People are buying online more than ever, as it stands, Online Spending increases by 10-15% each year. Yes there are plenty of people out there running scams, but with things like Social Media, Google and Blogs we have the ability to assess information ourselves, ask our friends for advice, pull up tonnes of information on companies and decide whether they are people we want to associate with.
All is grace. And it is God's Grace that colors all that I see. I breathe. I live in the good of this. This gift. Amen.
There are loads of problems with the film, but they can all be boiled down to good intentions poorly executed. Did is say poorly? I meant tragically.
But wait, there's more. On top of all this, the US is in the middle of a $350 million commitment to train, arm and fund a Fatah army. This effort is being directed by US general Keith Dayton, who's been working on this for two years. Apparently the last attempt which did so well in Gaza and resulted in Hamas obtaining millions of dollars in gently used ('only dropped once') American military equipment that it encouraged even more of an investment. Except this time, according to General Dayton the probable target isn't Hamas, but Israel.
The weather in Houston is okay for year-round running, but in Southern California, it's perfect. After I got to the hotel Friday, I did my first exploration of the area. Walking down to the beach, I saw a dude getting out of his BMW wearing a wetsuit (stripped to the waist of course) and unpacking his surfboard. On the boardwalk, people biked, skated, walked, ran -- you name it.
In the same way that evolution is not about a gigantic leap from single-cell amoeba to thoroughbred horse, personal improvement shouldn’t attempt to track an unrealistic trajectory.
Overall this book is a hugely impressive feat. It covers a lot of ground in O.S.S and JDeveloper, and it does it in a way that is admirably consistent, comprehensive and cohesive.
I’ve lived love
So, like any good picture book, this blog has a reassuring ending for anyone finding it hard to be creative right now. Don’t add to your stress by worrying about it. Get on with your life as best you can – and one day soon, it WILL be back.
1/2 C artichoke hearts (we used marinated hearts from a jar)
Straight after making this tree I made a Jade one again using Jade Gem chips,
To go green is to live life in a way that is good for the Earth, whether it be through recycling, reducing consumption, or by using environmentally-friendly products.
3. We want our foster and adopted children to know that they were our first choice. They are not an after thought, or Plan B. It seems like most people view fostering and adoption as something only for people who are unable to have biological children. It is very important to us that the children placed with us know they are loved, wanted, planned for, and a necessary part of our family even if they are only with us for a few days. (Again, I know all situations are different and anyone who wants to foster or adopt under any circumstances should go for it! This is just another consideration that works for our family.)
But he does not know me anymore I am somebody else.
What a sophisticated lady!
April 4th: Greetings vintage lovers. Thanks for dropping by. We have a new two-week challenge for you today, but before we get started, the Frillies and Funkies want to extend a heartfelt thank you for the warm reception we have received from the papercraft/mixed media community. We had a sensational first week with lots of interest, encouragement and good wishes. Many thanks to everyone who took the time to stop by, to leave us greetings and to stop by our blogs and leave us some love! Special thanks to those of you who played in our first challenge. Be sure to check back next Monday to see who the winners are.
I was so very excited to get this by mail last week on Monday. I have been trying to get it for the longest time. I tried all my local (and non-local) book and craft stores. After repeatedly being told there was no way I could get it because it was out of print, I starting hunting on the internet which was just as fruitless. A nice lady at Chapters told me to keep looking though because they would start selling the book again as soon as there was a reprint. I was browsing the Chapters site for something totally unrelated and there it was! A shiny new copy of Jan Eaton's book, the one I had been hunting for, for what seemed like an eternity and for around only $15. Of course I had to buy it and it was sitting outside my door just 3 days later. I'm so pleased.
It was very powerful to see all the faces that were there that day (even some of the saints that are now in the eternal presence of God) and reflect on how we have gotten to today. I hope and pray that Caleb(and me too) will be faithful in encouraging and supporting others in following Christ as they have been to him.
and plead my cause
Wait! Stop! Your family doesn’t believe in the Easter Story, so why do you celebrate Easter? What possible reason could you have for having an Easter Basket and an Easter egg hunt and all that jazz? Why???
I mean, this place practically sells itself, so I can see why my landlord isn’t worried about keeping me on her good side.
Every preacher gets to play the prophet at Lent. And the beautiful part is, the people love it. ‘You are the overaggressive ones whose culpability made the cross inevitable,’ we preach. ‘All like sheep have gone astray,’ we cry, and the people in unison say, ‘You really stepped on our toes today, preacher. What a wonderful Lenten litany.’
I am currently laboring through reading aloud Poe's short stories to my boyfriend, and I have noticed that this 19th century writer, although prolific, is rather hit or miss with the execution of his ideas. They're either bloody brilliant or they leave one with a "So what was the point of writing that?" sort of feeling.
But,for a time, I am trapped in my home this week.
Dinner- Veggie and Chicken Frittata (similar to this Frittata) - I had leftover steamed green beans & cooked chicken, so I quickly sauteed asparagus, spinach and zucchini, put all of that on the bottom of a 9*13-inch pan, then whisked 8 eggs together, seasoned with a little salt and pepper, poured it over topped and sprinkled very lightly with crumbled feta cheese
Here are some links to my favorite baked goods. I like to keep them really healthy and then dress them up or down with toppings to make them either a mini meal or dessert. Both my carrot/raisin bread and banana cake can be used in sweet desserts by adding a frosting made with sugar, but you can top them with peanut butter for a quick and healthy breakfast. It's a great deal for families because one bread feeds all! Topped with my Chocolate Peanut Butter frosting, it become a decadent dessert.
2012-02-03
Ben Lethbridge doesn’t have many vices left. After raising his little sister to adulthood, he wasted no time making up for the youth he lost to responsible parenting. Two years of partying it up—and ignoring his diabetes—has left him tethered to a home dialysis regimen.
If you’re bullying someone to the point where they feel so trapped and powerless that they resort to suicide, you‘re the villain. What Jesus thinks of your victim changes nothing about the nature of your crime, you are still deliberately tormenting another. Bullying is defined by the act, not the victim. Torturing a terrorist is still torture, lynching Hitler is still murder. The act is what matters here, everything else is just victim-blaming and making excuses.
Taylor and I were thinking of moving to St. George to get a fresh start and enjoy the heat (snow and winter time can shove it!) Its an area that I love and that he has never really spent time at. So we went down there for a few meetings a little while a go and we're waiting to see the results soon, I hope that I hear good news soon!
Bear Republic's Old Saint Chongo had an off metallic flavor that went away for me after a couple of sips and revealed a nice beer underneath, but assaulted others. I blamed the equipment, Jeff blamed the beer. Elysian's Bye Bye Frost was one too many byes: at 10.6% it is just stupid-strong. Would have been a great at 7.6%. Lompoc's Cherry Christmas was too much cherry and not enough Christmas. Widmer has been on a roll, but Peppermint Paddy Porter is a mint filled fiasco - think vics vapo rub and you get the idea. Upright's blend of an old ale and Biere de Garde didn't quite work for me but was interesting. And finally stay well away from Rusty Truck - there are off flavors and it is a mess.
would rather buy things from a little kid than from
In case you are wondering, I got an HP Envy14 with an i5 processor. His name is Zelos and we were made for each other!
pant cuffs slinging in the wind,
On Tuesday, a classic from the archives: our 2011 Q&A with Professor Mary Beard.
Which was pretty cool. I always think the monetary maths is the most important of all, the being able to count up in your head when your shopping is invaluable! More work with energy is planned tomorrow, it has some really interesting and practical topics to cover.
the love for the infinite,
You are made a certain way by God with traits, some you can change and some that are just thread throughout every part of your inner being. You are filled with imperfections but are balanced perfectly with the strengths you have. You grow and mature in ways throughout your life that make you a better person in some ways but maybe not so in other ways. At the core, you are who you are. You want to just tell others "love me for exactly the way I am."
True, his new group, Nuevo released a download only album last year which marked the beginning of his collaboration with producer Johnson Somerset, but being a non-corporeal form of music, it’s still on my “must buy this” list and frankly, it always gets crowded off the queue by actual physical musical products. I’m just stating the sad facts. This single is another collaboration with Somerset as his co-writer and producer. Since I don’t have the Nuevo album, I can’t say how this might differ, since it’s under his own name this time. I can say this is a sophisticated, atmospheric effort that slots in nicely adjacent to Somerset’s other productions over the years for a certain Mr. Ferry.
After breaking on to the SPL scene as a raw striker for Motherwell, moves to Everton and Birmingham have seen him establish himself as a Premiership player.
The first passenger looked at her with scrutiny. She measured the woman’s face for a moment before answering, “Bea.” She said it short as though it was the end of the conversation. The newcomer didn’t seem to notice. After all, her voice was not unkind.
6. What are the best and worst things about blogging?
I need to hurry up and get my post over to Patties site as it closes tomorrow. Nothing like leaving it to the last minute. Please consider joining us this round at CDAC (closes 13th Feb) or check out what Patti's new challenge is going to be.
- Preheat the oven to 375°F. Brush tops of turnovers with egg wash, being careful not to let it drip over the edges, as this will prevent even puffing. Sprinkle generously with sugar, and bake until turnovers are puffed and deep golden, 30 to 35 minutes. (mine needed about 20 minutes) Using a thin metal metal spatula, immediately transfer turnovers to a wire rack to cool. They are best eaten the same day they are baked.
AND I am quite passionate about STOPPING abuse - of all kinds.
"I don't know."
I keep thinking ‘proactive, proactive, proactive’. And also ‘stop being a baby, it’s not a shark bite and stop pretending it is’.
This stuff is a very long way from the smoothness I adore in English old ales of my previous acquaintance, and I'd take mainstream fare like Hobgoblin and Old Peculier well ahead of it. And in a Fuller's pub: back to the ESB, no question.
After a long, but easy-paced, trail run with Suann a week before the marathon, my calves seized up. After talking to multiple sources that agreed, it was dehydration and electrolytes. We were pretty shaded on that run, and I don't think I hydrated properly for the 80 deg temps. After a lot of hydrating and a few visits to my magic doctor (and for the first time ever, an ART session that actually had me asking him to stop - although he didn't listen!), the calves seemed to loosen up, and I thought I was feeling good. But no sooner did the calves loosen than I felt a tug on the back of my leg during my typical Thursday 1-miler. The tug was annoying, but concerning. (My guess is that the tight calves caused the strain elsewhere.)
10:15 am – 10:30 am Break
So, what do you think? Does it scream "fort" to you? Can you envision other things there? What would you do if it was your yard? I really want it to be open ended and child created. Once I set it up, I want to be able to sit back and just watch their little minds run away from them.
Also, I got to spend a beautiful spring day outside just brainstorming various scene ideas and that's always fun :)
I reply yes, before even asking exactly what it is that needs to be done. “We need as many people as possible to pack the leaflets for the elections. All 29 million of them!”.
New Words: "Nado" is "me, too" when Jinguk says he feels the same way Baekhee does about a certain song. "Jal ga" is a casual "Bye!"--I think it literally means "go well" because jal is good and ga is go. "Jaemi eobseo" is "it's no fun," which is what Jason says when talking about his current duet partner. "Jebal" is "I'm begging you". Pilsook jebals Jason, telling him not to ask her where she's going, and Jinguk later uses jebal with his father, who he's begging not to do any more hateful things. "Mani mogo" is "eat more".
So, bye for now, happy crafting and speak soon,
Roy closes his eyes, obviously in pain and Lilly gets concerned. She checks his forehead and realizes he's ice cold. He reveals he was hit in the stomach. He doesn't want to go into details, but she decides she needs to call him a doctor. The doctor attempts to be short with her, but she reminds him she works for Bobo Justus, and he changes his tune, even apologizing when he shows up with paramedics. The doctor tells her that Roy's bleeding to death and his blood pressure's under 100, almost saying that he doesn't think Roy will make it to the hospital. Lilly reminds him who she works for again and says "My son is gonna be alright. If not, I'll have you killed."
I can’t wear that…everyone will think I look stupid.
Fifth Station
In the just quoted part of Pirqei Avot 1:2, Shim’on HaTzaddiq (the Righteous) is quoted as saying that the world stands on three thing, namely on Torah, on the Service of G-D (‘Avodah), and on merciful benevolence (G’milut Hasadim). The verse furthermore tells us that he was one of the last survivors of the Great Assembly, mentioned in the first paragraph of Pirqei Avot.
But he still brought gifts and jollity
1/4 cup margarine melted
The Group Taunts The Target: police officers are too fat, too thick, paid too much. Police are too soft during riots, too hard on stop-search, not robust enough, heavy-handed, pensions too high, performance too low, too much overtime.
1/4 teaspoon coarse salt
And yes, the slow drive back through the countryside on a fine, sunny, autumn day was both relaxing and glorious!
Love how he turned out...
Float On…the Floaters
Rnd 6: ch 3, dc in next 10 dc, 2 dc in next dc, *dc in next 11 dc, 2 dc in next dc; repeat from* around to last 2 dc; dc in last 2 dc; join with sl st to 1st dc (54 dc)
Seriously, right now….I have a novel in progress, a novella that needs to be revised and I also trying to launch a photography business!
The lady in silver is none other than Sophie Beckett a bastard daughter of the late Earl of Penwood. Sent into servant hood at age 14 she dreamed of more. She received that one night with Benedict but disappeared. Two years later he will save her but not recognize her.
Giving my husband a gift at Christmas is not something I normally do. He set the precedent by ignoring every birthday, anniversary and Mother's Day. You name it, he ignores it. I always organise the kids to make cards etc for him and every now and then I will buy "him" some Lindt Chocolate (it's the gift that gives back hehe).
They believed themselves wiser than all the collective knowledge of Kings, Sages, Poets, Warriors, Prophets and Seers who had come in all the generations before them.
**On another side note you may want to watch Lost before reading Adler’s book…otherwise you may have a knee jerk reaction into hating half the cast from day one…and I really love Hume on Lost.
Then again, that’s when the flea market is open; Anita wants to meet up for lunch; an interview request has just been emailed and I might have a re-think about the novel that was started a couple of months ago and set aside......
These acts, combined with the unruly spread of towns and suburbs and frantic road building programmes at the latter end of the 20th century meant that the travelling people who had once walked alongside their horses as they pulled their wagons and stopped on common pieces of ground between jobs, were now squeezed and shunned simultaneously by the roaring traffic of modernity and continuously evicted even from the pieces of land they did find to stop on.
Dressed in underpants and vest?
While working in the Shanghai Municipal Archives, Father Mariani discovered newly de-classified dossiers that detailed the party’s campaign against Catholics and how the communists dismantled the Church in Shanghai.
Problem: Lights are out.
Where the blood pooled at my feet
a beggar's purse sized heart
India dwindled in hockey once a lot of countries became active in that sport. It will not surprise me if India begins to stumble in Kabaddi once a lot of other countries take interest in it. But the rich man’s sports continue to bloom. A lot of youngsters are taking keen interest in horse riding, golf, tennis, gokarting, shooting, snooker & billiards etc. If these sports become Olympic events, then we may see a few more medals but there is a flipside to it. If they indeed become Olympic events then a lot of other countries will take interest. In that case, will India’s hegemony in these sports be questioned?
An insider named “Jade Lion” came forward late last year. A friend of mine has known him for many years — and he is impeccably trustworthy.
For the past nine years, the Ferry family has anticipated the annual long, longgg, loooonnnnnngg summer visit from Jacob’s 13-year younger brother, Andrew. Every year he arrives sometime around Memorial Day and stays through the middle of July. He quickly transitions from a houseguest to an integral part of the family. Each morning the fridge has a list of daily chores and Jacob and I gladly welcome the help mowing the lawn, unloading the dishwasher and vacuuming the seemingly endless supply of dog hair. Andrew becomes a source of daily joy and infinite wisdom and when he flies home to Tennessee, we are left with a hole in our hearts and lives.
Before the Harbor be—
A blue puzzle piece meant your talent was a Water Fairy with a blue ensemble, a pink puzzle piece meant your talent was a Garden Fairy with a pink ensemble and purple meant your talent was Fast-Flying.
TRIPEO: That's what I said.
So, I started preserving my lemon 'crop' at the end of the season. After a season of using these fabulous lemons in everything you can imagine, I was left with about 120 lemons on my tree. I decided to freeze them. Normal preserved lemons are packed in salt or sugar and do not last much more than 6 months. Frozen, they will last much longer and it is just like using a fresh lemon.
This week’s Top Mouse awards go to:
Last week, or should I say when the moon was full and sleep evaded me I headed down to the lounge to stir the fire back into life. I found some pictures Iona had been drawing and then some writing that she had done. A seven year old wrote this, (translation to follow):
". . .his heart was filled with pain." I think of times in my life that my heart was filled with pain. Times that I thought my life was going to fall apart. Times when I didn't know what it meant to rely on Him. Did I grieve the Lord? Did my story fill the Lord's heart with pain?
When you pass the course test, you will receive the EAGLE chip accolade which you see above.
You can order a full chicken(marinated Portuguese style) roasted on a brazier with fresh potato chips, a cabbage salad plus a drink for less that US$15. The meal is enough to feed two people. If you are more the seafood person there is a local fish market where you can take your pick at whatever the fishermen brought in that day and have it cooked by the local women. Of course western style restaurants are available along the beach BUT if you want to have a feel on where an average Mozambican eats and hangs out these are the people I would go to.
I've been off of gluten for 9 months, I had it twice by accident. Must really read labels carefully, it wasn't wheat it was barley. Me and barley don't get along.
It’s easy enough with my treatment team; they’re used to dealing with altered states. But as I’m looking at moving more into the outside world, I don’t know how to explain it to laymen.
“I will not bewray thee,” said Raven. Then went Gunnlaug to a brook and fetched water in his helm, and brought it to Raven; but Raven stretched forth his left hand to take it, but with his right hand drave his sword into Gunnlaug’s head, and that was a mighty great wound.
Esteemed Irish playwright Brendan Behan once described himself as not a writer with a drinking problem but a drinker with a writing problem.
When Skip came home on leave, father and son talked over a bottle of Merlot. Griffin noticed what so many other parents do about their war-weary children. Skip was as loving as ever, but the killing had changed him.
MAY (2002)
the strings
I think I'll read it several times today. On the plus side, I finished the first draft of the chapter book Marissa and I are writing. And I did the usual 2:00 a.m. wake-up on the plot for the second book in the series. This is the part of writing that I love.
At first glance, I had no particular attachment to the above video but having watched it appear on the television multiple times between Olympic events, I began to feel a dull, antipathetic feeling in my stomach. I have had trouble pinpointing what rubbed me the wrong way, mostly because issues of race and White privilege are often subconscious these days, but now I see it is in how Canadians are represented to be a specific, privileged class, race, and heritage.
We designated this whole drawer for all things "sharp" or for "cutting", so using the old drawer organizer I had been using to corral our knives previously, was now used for our peeler, pizza wheel and can opener.
While sitting here with a box of frozen peas resting on my shin–nursing a gift from an errant baseball during a little game of ball outside today–I thought I’d pen my next entry. I finished up Rick Riordan’s The Lost Hero last night and would like to pick up that old stick, the typo debate. Typos are EVERYWHERE and if you don’t think that there’s typos in professional books, you haven’t been reading much.
So you mean to tell me that you’re going to have the non-accounting person who JUST finished training and hasn’t had accounts for more than a few days to take on complex ones AND train someone on stuff she is still kinda trying to get her head around? OH, OK. That sounds like a plan. Not that we really have an option at this point…
In keeping with the spirit of the 'season,' how about a peek at my favorite love stories?
Today I rediscovered my love for french music.
Call it insanity, creativity, passion, or art, Van Gogh showed the world what it means to live out loud and in color. We may sometimes be broken, weak, and fractured, but we are beautiful when all the pieces come together. Van Gogh chose to seek when nothing made sense. He stirred when everyone told him to stay still. He was in it with all his heart, even when it hurt. We should all be so bold.
When our children do this they are saying to you – mom I need your attention now! I feel like you’re not listening to me, and the big one: I’m bored. As parents we are thinking, stop bugging me and I am busy. Then we yell, while in our minds we are thinking, now what?
Matthew woke up this morning and said," Mom, I'm happy and sad." I asked why? "Because you leave in three days."
Nothing happened, but he held the button down, meeting Rel's worried look with a calm smile. On anyone else - particularly Dora - it would have been knowing and smug. Instead, Rel found himself reassured, until the mechanism let out a whine piercing enough that he almost dropped Rissad to cover his ears. The sound sent a lance of pain across the front of his eyeballs, making him screw his eyes shut in a way he hadn't since before he received his Gift.
2. But the one who does not control his/her speech will face destruction (ruin, terror, a breaking)
To enter: (Google Docs is giving my trouble so we're doing this the old way)
Did we resolve these issues in three days?
should be changed to
U.S. private-sector payroll growth slowed sharply in May, falling to the lowest level in eight months and prompting some economists to lower forecasts for job growth in Friday’s U.S. government report.
I tend to be the type of person who is happiest when busy. As of late I have found myself taking on projects and responsibilities because I haven’t had the heart to say no even if my heart isn’t 100% committed.
This place is a real culinary snapshot of what's going on in Paris at the moment. Love it.
“I always thought there was one way of having a baby,” Lisa told me, “and that when I had a baby, I would just find out what that way was and do it. But it turns out there are lots of ways.”
The weather was absolutely beautiful today – it still is as I’m writing this! The temperature reading was 18.5 c which has to be the hottest day of the year by far. Still recovering from yesterday and the general hayfevery and muggy feeling that dust has given me so I didn’t spend too much time taking photographs. I caught up on my law studies and then headed out with my parents and the dogs for a brief walk down on a beautiful river.
“I heard there was a swingers party here,” says Larry.
Friday and Saturday were spent in Cambridge. They'd never seen Primark before, everything in Norway is so expensive compared to here so it was no surprise that my cousin and I spent 3 hours in there..THREE! And I have to say it was great, trying on mounds of clothes and laughing at the awful ones, then comes the scary count-up at the end and trying to get the total down which at one point did hit £145! We then hit Nandos which again you can't find in Norway, and mainly because One Direction eat there, ate a stupid amount but completely worth it.
Temper the egg mixture in.
They were charged with Public Mischief and having open beer in a vehicle, Peterborough cops have no sense of humor.
There’s more information about engagement, advocacy, and evangelism in the sections Engage Your Community, Find and Create Online Evangelists, and Create Buzz.
White Buttons
Not much new going on around here.
She did not like Ally Carter's Heist Society. I'm not sure why (haven't read that one either!), but she DNF-ed very early on.
i find the big world of garment sewing downright intimidating. you see, as i’ve said previously, when it comes to sewing, i’m great at following instructions, but not so great at ad-libbing. i really admire folks who can alter a pattern to fit their figure and style, and i seriously envy those who can forego the guidance of patterns altogether and make their own. respect, mad-sewists! if a lack of experience is at the root of my sewing inferiority complex, the solution must be to broaden my sewing horizons, no?
Live has won a special place in the hearts of many DJs by offering an array of creative mixing and beat-matching possibilities. By simply filling your laptop's hard drive with music and exploring Live's Session View, you'll soon discover that Live offers unparalleled possibilities for both professional DJs and beginners alike.
Part two of INFO BOOTCAMP features my favorite fake Web sites including my beloved Pacific Northwest Tree Octopus, which I am so sad to say will not be showing up in my backyard tree at any point in the near future. If you don't know about this sad creature that is not yet on the endangered species list but SHOULD, please check out his advocacy page here: http://zapatopi.net/treeoctopus/
Katawa Shoujo
till critical heat ignites
Revelation 16
That queues too long for me my son,
I find this movie very interesting and well done. The plot is great and all the characters seem very real. The acting is of course very good, Guillermo Quintanilla does a good job playing Hector and Jorge Reynoso also does a good job playing the sympathetic friend. Only problem with the movie is the ending. The ending is too cheesy for a movie like this! Lets just say, it's very horror inspired. Its something us fans of horror have seen a million fucking times.
I want to remind you of Elijah competing with the 400 prophets of Baal on Mt.Carmel. For this I turn to 1 Kings 18:33 as preparation was made for the sacrifice.
From an author’s perspective, the traditional method of getting published is probably the worst business model ever. It doesn’t work for the people who supply the industry. Add up all the hours, weeks, years you’ve spent writing, sending out your work and waiting, and now pay yourself imaginary money for that time. You’re minted, right? Even if you do get published, it appears very few authors make enough money to earn a decent living or recoup the investment they’ve put into it. Bricks and mortar publishers have huge overheads, they need to sell tens of thousands of units and so have to be very choosy about what they publish. I recently read somewhere that publishers have now stopped reading the slush pile altogether, so new ways to get your work noticed are required. Being a celebrity appears to guarantee sales, so it’s probably easier to become one of those first and then get published :-)
been taught this in your mystery schools, however, in common law,
“It is a very serious matter especially when it involves two communities,” he said.
Later we discussed the incident with Dad. Though he was certainly concerned, he didn't at first realize what the situation was. His impression was that he was a young guy just looking for "chicks." Asking personal questions and getting into a girl's personal space is generally what guys of the world do (even some guys in your church will do this, by the way, and let me tell you, that guy is no gentleman). "No," we told Dad, "this was a guy in his late 30's or 40's. He was ugly. He was unkempt. He was a real creep." Then dad said, "Oh." You see, that type of man is the real predator.
I wonder if they're getting jitters? Kate looks like a Disney Princess already- I predict a Jennifer Aniston like following over her hair. I think I like her. I want to know all, including whether Prince William will be wearing Union Flag boxers, as in the top picture, (we've recently read The Queen's Knickers, and loved it- so if the story is to be believed...) and whether Prince Harry has a few too many on the stag do, and whether the stags will have t-shirts that all say something rude and amusing? (Suggestions welcome, but I don't think we're allowed to make remarks about his rather unfortunate bald patch... It would be tempting though, no?)
And I may not walk the streets of Dublin
I have to say, for maximum effect, you should definitely use these alongside Face Soap & Clarity and Clear Here. It is FAB. My skin is lovely and smooth at the minute. And as I have combination skin, my skin can appear slightly shiny during the day - it is ALREADY starting to ease up. I don't wear foundation much and often forget about the powder, so it's nice that I don't have to worry so much.
It was soooo hard to chose just one,
One side of my Bo Bonny Double Dots layer is bordered with an EK Success Dimension Punch Carnation and the other side shows a border made with EK Success' Snowflake punch. Tim Holtz' Alterations Sizzix Weathered Clock die cut provides my circular element.
Again, the seer blames his lover
Dress page The front page of a section
Transfusion....Nervous Norvis
Place the tins in the centre rack of an oven preheated at 176C and bake for 35 minutes or till a skewer comes out clean.
There must be other reasons. Could it have something to do with the fact that no Japanese has gone to court to sue for a prayer room in a school? Or that no Japanese has refused to stack drinks in a supermarket, which his religion has forbidden him to drink? Or that the Japanese are under-represented in the ranks of multiple offenders and over-represented among those who have graduated from secondary school? The Japanese, too, live in parallel societies, marry among themselves and teach their children Japanese first and then German.
Self-Portrait on the Train, Boston – New Haven, 1997
I do apologize for this lengthy review because this is a 3-in-1 post! Do hope that it would be useful in helping you make your choices!
A psychiatrist work is dangerous in a way.It is-because whenever you are treating a person who is psychologically disturbed, in a mess,he is constantly broadcasting his vibes.He is constantly throwing out his own energy,his negative waves upon you and you have to listen to him.You have to be very attentive.You have to care,you have to love and be compassionate towards him;only then you can help him.He is constantly throwing negative-charged energy-and you are absorbing it.In fact the more attentively you listen,the more you absorb it.
Lisa Caren Weinstein Ehrlich, 36, New York, N.Y.
And also Caused these Buildings to be
There has also been news of HDB flats reaching the $900,000 mark, and even heartland homes aren’t the low-cost bulwarks they used to be. Until some control is placed on COV, and further cooling measures kick in, housing’s going to keep raising our cost of living.
Of course, there's always the possibility that some sociopaths will be psychopaths, sortof a two-for-one deal....
I'm a self-diagnosed girl with attention deficit disorder.
Sat, 5pm: Angst. Writer’s angst.
One of the few good bits from Garlic Jr. is Chi-Chi getting so angry at Maron's insults that it looks like she learned Goku's Kaio-Ken attack. Who's Maron? Another filler character that's Krillin's first girlfriend for the anime. Maron has the looks of super model and the intelligence of a brick. In episode 117 (episode 10) of the Garlic Jr. Saga, Krillin question's proposing to her, but in feeling that she's way out of his league, he breaks up with her. It was some nice character development for Krillin as he's always wanted a girlfriend but deep down, he probably knew how shallow she was and that she wasn't the girl for him, something Master Roshi states later on in this season. The final episode in the Garlic Jr. Saga ended up being the only one I really liked as I just couldn't get into the Z Fighters struggle against such lame villains.
Which is not to say it wasn't worth seeing. The film is never boring. Its portrayal of Australians treating Asia as their playground, a place to abandon normal standards of behaviour and spend as much time as possible completely ripped, is probably all too accurate. However, it didn't make the main characters particularly sympathetic. Additionally, I found the plot pretty unbelievable in a number of places. This may merely indicate that I lead a sheltered life, but it seemed unlikely to me that a couple - one member of whom was pregnant - would abandon their two small children for a week in order to head off to Cambodia for a holiday with a young relative and her boyfriend, who they had barely met. Once there, I was pretty surprised that the pregnant wife seemed unperturbed when her husband decides to indulge in a few recreational drugs. On their return to Sydney, I was even more astonished by some of the decisions taken by the pregnant wife, decisions that I suspected a male scriptwriter might believe in but that most women who have been pregnant would view as fairly unlikely - my sense is that, no matter what your own emotional turmoil may be, when pregnant you never ignore the safety of your unborn child.
I also need touch and temperature to be balanced. (Am I a Libra or what?) For example, if someone with very cold hands touches my right arm, I need them to touch my left arm in exactly the same place.
Well, she’d heeded my rant and, albeit with a degree of piss taking, bought me a couple of presents. We weren’t strangers to sex games, and I was certainly intrigued. Yes, I wore them.
I have learned during the last two weeks that testing in October helps us to just get the thing over with much faster, and that there is no way we'll put it off again. I'd rather reschedule surgery than the test. I think Isabelle agrees with me, too. She came out of prep session today with glazed eyes and stated, "My brain hurts."
Don’t go breaking my Heart
But here's another thing that Libertarians ought to be pondering, right now: If, by some amazing twist, Rick Santorum actually gets the Republican nomination, then this will be the year that the Libertarian Party finally gets more than 1% of the national vote!
Halfway through we took a break and she could see on the other side of the lake where our truck was parked. She hadn’t realized how far we had come and just how far we had to go. I’m pretty sure she was close to asking a kayak that was passing by for a ride.
There will never be peace in this world as long as we the people allow this disgusting, fraudulent scam to continue. The truth is the truth, and when we rise, the banksters more than anybody else, better beg for forgiveness. And their minions, servile minions to the powers that be, these revolting, stomach churning puppets like the Tony Blair’s and Obama’s and so on, should just spend a few years in Guantanamo to think things out a bit… if they are lucky that is.
Returned at 80 minutes ~155 plus ~2 qts water to thin out mash.
And I would be home. The warmth of love and belonging would be such a sentiment that it would be almost physical; Just as the comfort one feels when slipping into a warm tub after a cold outing, the warmth of belonging would creep into my soul and light a fire of love that neither time nor distance could ever quench.
The world's second best book on advertising.
How does he keep me when I show no evidence to trust the gospel to save my neighbor let alone a terrorist?
“Maybe you could turn on the fan and sweep against the wind. That’s pretty difficult.”
Chris and his wife of almost 30 years, Andrea, are the parents of nine children.
Think of delivering content as putting “deposits” in your reader’s trust bank. The key in the long run is to make many deposits and few withdrawals. A product launch is a withdrawal, however, so make it your goal to achieve as many sales with that withdrawal as possible.
9. James Blood Ulmer - Revealing
According to Ernst & Young LLP, the award recognizes outstanding entrepreneurs who demonstrate excellence and extraordinary success in such areas as innovation, financial performance and personal commitment to their businesses and communities. Grossman was selected by an independent panel of judges, and the award was presented at a gala event at the Omni Orlando Resort at ChampionsGate Thursday.
Spread the meringue evenly over the cranberry filling, using the back of a spoon to push it out to the edges. Make some cute swirls in the top of the meringue.
So, if eggnog is your thing for the holidays... give these a try. Otherwise, substitute buttermilk for the eggnog, and these will do the trick for breakfast. A printable recipe card is at the bottom of this post.
Decluttering Lite TM = you take some stuff and shove it in the garage. Et voila!
Except it’s not.
Kate Dempsey
-Beijing Normal University
July.
*Younger readers will have experienced the same effect with the Harry Potter series. Book 1 could have been squeezed into a Tweet: speccy kid goes to magic school beats baddies with spells and meets friends who will look good in the movie. Book 7 on the other hand used more paper than every edition of the bible combined.
The problem with BLACK SPOT is entirely with the script, which jams everyone on board a tiny ship and then has them tripping over each other in tight spaces. Tight spaces are great if you want to heighten suspicion and fear because it forces you into close contact with the people and things you’re feeling unsure about, but BLACK SPOT doesn’t effectively use it’s cramped locations to ratchet up anything. Director Jeremy Webb (making his WHO debut, I believe) does what he can and it all looks wonderful but it beats with an empty heart.
This is the sort of land grab that probably happens all over the world; kleptocratic rulers of mainly poor, but land-rich countries “cooperate” with corporations to make deals involving the land, then use their police or military forces to evict the landowners. Then the rulers take heft financial kickbacks from the corporations as payment for their assistance.
By the way, have you experienced finding out something completely new like great skills or talent you never knew about your good friend after knowing him/her for a long time? That happened to me today and that pleasantly surprised me.
Laugh and cry as the publishers and agents tie themselves in knots explaining it away. Oh, but they did recognise it, claims a spokesman for agent Christopher Little: they might have sent out a polite rejection, but in fact there were 'discussions about plagiarism'. Excuse me while I fall off my chair imagining that po-faced discussion while the smelly rat ran riot beneath the table.
Stamps: Carpe Cupcake, Great Friend (for added, very subtle background pattern)
Today I am revealing the makeover of my in-laws’ guest bathroom. The budget was really small, so the changes I made were very economical, but in the same time I’d say pretty impactful. The wallpaper had to go, so after I peeled it all off (you can see the tutorial for that right here), I had a clean slate to paint. First off I made sure I spackled all the imperfections and, after it was all dry, sanded them down to a smooth finish. I primed and painted the walls twice. I also primed and painted the ceiling. In between coats, I painted the sink cabinets and the baseboards.
5. Gateway breweries and Brewpubs will pull away from Craft beer innovation to satisfy mainstream tastes rather than beer geeks. They'll be looking for the easy money.
The State shall respect all religions, and ensure the freedom to perform all the rituals that do not prejudice public order;
- Jeremiah 17:14-18, ESV
I was talking to a dear and trusted friend about some of the great things that are happening in my ministry right now, especially related to A Night AMOK. I said, most sincerely that I am having fun. She challenged me on that a little bit, thinking fun might be “trivializing” it a bit (my word not hers). Because she is such a trusted friend, I took her comment to heart and began trying to redefine it by explaining how I am feeling.
In the year 2044, the world is not a happy place: energy depletion, global warming, poverty and famine,… The whole shebang has caused the world to be one gigantic place of suck, where people live in trailer stacks, rather than in trailer parks. Luckily there was one man whose Steve Jobbs’ type of vision has saved generations, through the invention of the OASIS (Ontologically Anthropocentric Sensory Immersive Simulation): a virtual reality where everything is possible. No longer constricted by the things (slow connections, for instance) that made previous VR-games look like the work of amateurs, the OASIS – basically an almost infinite multiple player online game – has even managed to replace the Internet. Or rather, the OASIS now is the Internet, and rather than accessing it from behind your PC, laptop, tablet or whatever, once you put on your visor and haptic suit, you are in the OASIS, through your own personal (though completely anonymous) avatar. Needless to say that in the urban wasteland that is 2044, almost everyone basically retreats to the OASIS, a place that still manages to fulfill everyone’s wishes about the society they want (e.g. the protagonist says that of course his avatar will vote in the OASIS, but Wade himself doesn’t see the point in voting in the ‘real world’).
Here is part of the text from this bill.
The Gulf Loop is a strong current in the eastern Gulf of Mexico. It can be a short loop or stretched very long. When it is long, it often pinches off a spinning body of water called an eddy . These eddies drift westward over many weeks. They slowly lose energy in the western Gulf. This cycle repeats itself several times a year.
we figured she may have a good chance of making it through to the second round, where the top five applicants would get to continue the process of being trained as animators.
Saying so, she sticks some kleenex into his nose with her index finger, which makes him fall on his back.
To confer life upon the living: the dead do come!
Archbishop Vahan Hovhanessian, Primate of the Armenian Apostolic Orthodox Church in Britain and Ireland, writes: “Those of us who know Canon Patrick well know that through his passion to learn more about the culture and history of Armenians and pursue the parallel between the Armenian and Welsh people, he has earned the right to be an honorary ambassador of the Armenian people to the rest of the world.”
HOW NOT TO DATE A BEAR
Each note of a scale has a corresponding number from 1 to 7. So for the key of C it will be as follows:
32) Le Calandre (Rubano, Italy)
A mother’s heart...of love...broken. The greatest pain a mother will ever know, losing her child.
* It probably will not surprise you to learn that David Mocknick charges a $500 contract fee, has never sold a book or a script that Writer Beware has been able to discover, and is included on Writer Beware's Thumbs Down Agency List.
I knew that I wanted my card to be "shabby chic" and "frilly" so I pulled out my box of ribbons and lace. I didn't have any large flower elements so I decided to make my own. To make it, I just took several loops of ribbon along with some straight strands of ribbon glued all together then added mini roses and a large rose.
It has a comb wand, which makes it perfect for getting to the base of the lash, the color is SO inky-black and glossy, it volumizes and lengthens without clumping, and your lashes are left with a flexible hold. There's zero crunchiness to this mascara! It also deposits a bit of color at the lash line, giving you the look of a lightly lined eye. There literally, is nothing of this quality on the market, and that quality comes at a steep price. Yes, there are plenty of good mascaras out there, that get the job done. My favorites have always been drugstore brands, partially because I go through them so quick, but mostly because they work. Mascara is where I usually "save," so I can splurge on things like Armani Foundation. But, now that I've found the HG of mascaras, how will I ever be satisfied with my usual Maybelline?
May your name be worshipped
If two Jehovah's Witnesses come to your door and you manage to kill one but the other gets away, that's bad luck.
Jer 15:16 Your words were found, and I did eat them; and Your word was unto me the joy and rejoicing of my heart: for I am called by Your name, 0 Lord God of Hosts.
Rahr & Sons' Ugly Pug Black Lager and Shiner 97 Bohemian Black Lager: one for each giant Texan man-paw, to put it in properly hyperbolic terms (everything is bigger in Texas).
4) a new page will open and it gives you the option to select a photo from your blog, upload from your computer or provide a URL from a hosting site. Click on the tab for the option that best suits you and click on the "add" button under the image you want to add.
Now this week we are honoured to be sponsored by . . .
Leased for £80 per year, this is where he wrote The Pickwick Papers, Oliver Twist and Nicholas Nickleby whilst also throwing himself into planning the interior decoration, even going so far as to install a shower and conservatory - and no doubt he took tea and cake in this very parlour.
He picked at the tick crawling around in his wiry brown hair, finally catching it between his fingers and popping it into his mouth. He tasted the succulent crunch under his teeth and an immediate command popped into his mind. Food. He leapt into the air instinctively and grabbed onto the nearest tree limb, swinging with a mighty force from tree to tree until he reached what he was searching for. Juicy, fresh, yellowish orange, he loved mangos. And he would never forget foraging for them, even when he is forced to leave forever.
Ah, that little gem. It's a question that, inevitably, every craft beer drinker gets asked at some point, and typically many, many times by various different people. So, with all this beer drinking under our belts, we should have a good answer, right? Well, I don't. As far as I know, I've answered that question differently every time I've been asked. Most recently, I was asked on the Strange Music podcast what my favorite beer on tap was. Well, my mind sort of raced, and I kind of dodged the question by instead answering with what the best beer I've had on tap recently was (I said New Belgium's Cocoa Mole, a beer that took me by surprise at the time and enjoyed so much that I still crave it). But, I can think of at least a half dozen other beers that I've responded with in the recent past (Rayon Vert may have been mentioned a couple times).
so they get the landlord to put the teletext on.
But I lacked sufficient energy.
This past Sunday in worship at Oakland Baptist Church was Palm Sunday. One of my favorite Sunday’s in the year.
You get out of something only what you.....see in the picture on the box.
there had been no operative societies coming down from a
The heat and humidity usually slow me down to the point where I'm not really in the mood to cook much. Today is no exception. I tossed together this guacamole instead, which came together very quickly.
I received a call from the production manager, Michael, just as I was going into a university exam – I went to a music conservatorium and so it was a singing exam. Great timing right? The production was a total mystery to me, but Michael, whom I’d met when I was working on ‘Underbelly’, sounded pretty stressed, so I thought I’d go in and play it by ear. I quickly warbled through my singing exam, and the second it finished, raced off to the address I’d been given. I expected it to be an audition, but lo-and-behold, as soon as I arrived I was flung into a makeup chair, a script was thrust under my nose and I was told I’d be on set in an hour. As I was getting my makeup done and frantically trying to memorize the script, the brilliant Belinda McClory (who co-wrote the film) explained that the person they had originally cast in the role was MIA, they couldn’t even get in contact with him. Being familiar with my work, they’d hoped I’d be able to step in.
Although this may resemble the ontological argument (and perhaps the proper answer to “where do quantum-mechanical laws come from?” might be “they just are“), it’s still proper to ask, “Is our idea of ‘nothing’ really a quantum vacuum”? And here I think Albert gets at the major flaw of Krauss’s book: the failure to explain how he decides what “nothing” is. I’ll quote in extenso:
But to me,
STUDIO: Columbia
Our schedule was this:
Shawn Reilly of Say NO to Bridge Tolls said “We have asked that all members of the Louisville and Southern Indiana Bridges Authority comply with Governor Beshear's order before voting on the bridges financing plan at their December 16, 2010 meeting.”
Thursday's classes were fine, and by Friday even the local schools were back to normal.
"Right Down the Line" by Gerry Rafferty
11. Someone once told me that a study showed that married men change their underwear twice as often as single men do. Does your wife scare the crap out of you?
I’m not sure if the word balls is a bit out of place…… cookie dough nuggets? cookie dough surprise?
I don’t know why I waited all day
The whole story is so chock-full of journalistic goodness I won't excerpt it so you'll go there and read the whole thing.
But there is also a word of amazing comfort in that same passage. For after quoting Zechariah to his disciples, Jesus went on to promise them, “But after I am raised up, I will go before you to Galilee.” Here, in the hour of his great anguish when all the weight of eternity will fall upon his shoulders, Jesus is concerned about his disciples. And he tells them ahead of time that they will fall away, only to give them the further promise that he will nevertheless regather them to himself. Jesus is going to the cross alone, but he is not going to pay this great price for nothing. He takes full responsibility to go after his scattered disciples and gather them back to himself, even when they fail.
April 1st saw Burma’s by-elections. The whole world watching with bated breath. The NLD was voted in and it is an exciting time for this region. The media would like you to believe that Burma is changing, opening up, stepping towards democracy. The Burmese people who live here are far more skeptical and cautious. They aren’t jumping on the bandwagon just yet. We all believe change is possible in Burma. But it doesn’t happen overnight. Speaking of Burma, I submitted a photo I took while visiting an Akha hill tribe village in Shan State to a contest this month and won! Check out the featured image here. April 6th was my last day at work and that afternoon I hopped a bus for Chiang Mai. Then a bus to Bangkok. Then a flight to Krabi. Then a taxi to Ao Nang. Then a longtail boat to Railay where I would spend two uninterrupted weeks island hopping in the Andaman Sea. Two uninterrupted weeks of beachcombing, snorkeling, nekkid nightswimming and stargazing. It’s the Thai New Year (year 2555 by the Buddhist calendar) celebrated as three days of Songkran. Last year I was in the midst of the nationwide water war. This year, I opted for something more reflective. More to come on that…
State officials lost another court case Wednesday over the way Texas imposes sex-offender status on parolees who were not convicted of sex-related crimes.
It’s hardly surprising in the midst of a governor recall election that there’s plenty of political spin on the numbers, but they are legitimately at the center of the campaign debate.
Cedar Point helps draw out-of-state teams to come as well. The tournament sold over 100 tickets to the amusement park on Day One.
The outright most athletic quarterback since Michael Vick. He won the Heisman and is a game changing quarterback, perhaps the future of quarterbacks. This man came out of nowhere and has given Luck the competition he needed, because everyone though Luck was on a high level all by himself. So watch out for this man, but he will go number two to the Skins.
Visual = 36
The mango trees had two kinds of leaves: dark green ones and the light green ones. The light green ones were the new leaves. The new leaves had a squishy texture that reminded me of fish. I would collect all the new leaves, and I would place them on the table. I would get a pas-pas (the stik with paper strips at the end. used to drive away the flies) and wave it over the “fishes” and cry out Bili na kayo! Bili na kayo![7]
Over on a Facebook note, Michael Eric Brown of TransMentors International offers support to transgender people who have been negatively affected by the Bilerico post. He writes,
I had a student last semester who wrote her research paper "Against Abortion." One argument she used in her favor was that she herself had once had an appointment with "the procedure." That is, her own mother had wanted to abort her, but something (a change of mind or circumstance - I don't remember what) had interfered. She learned about this when she was 14, and is today 19, keenly aware of how much she loves being alive. This is hardly the first such story I've heard. There is also Sky's story, which I tell here. Miracles which have the appearance of mere accidents do happen. When the anniversary of Roe v. Wade comes around each year, I suspect people like these take notice.
I don’t care if you’ve read my last few posts. Although, if you have, I wrote a wonderful little trilogy about global warming which you have to read from the bottom up. Also, I have been posting my research papers that I’ve been writing for my composition class.
Promoting education of Muslim populations so that they go beyond the mirage of the formalism and appearances. The application of the repressive interpretations, measures and punishment does not make a society more faithful to the Islamic teachings. It is more the capacity to promote social justice and the protection the integrity of every individual, woman or man, rich or poor, that determines a truly authentic fidelity. The priority, according to the norms of Islam, is given to the protection of rights not to administering punishments which are meant to be implemented under strict and conditioned exceptions.
Bohlabela, Ehlanzeni and Gert Sibande have all elected new regional executive committees while the Nkangala region held its regional conference last year.
And valor; you became a legend through pain
He thought he had closed his eyes, but he could see the sunlight through his eyelids, and then he must have opened them a tiny crack. Or maybe he just thought he had, because he wasn’t sure what he’d seen, or, really, if he’d seen anything. Well, he couldn’t have. He might have seen Sophie hold up the flowers, but he couldn’t possibly have see the Willow Man bend gracefully down and take them. It must have been something to do with the sunlight again – when you stared into the sun with your eyes closed, it did make funny patterns on the inside of your eyelids…
it and they mingle among its twenty floors and are
In the wild dolphins can get aggressive and form gangs.
Part of The Versatile Blogger Award is to share 7 things about you, so here we go…
If you don't know about PrintRunner, they are a full service high quality printing company located in Chatsworth, California.
Via: Pattaya Daily News
He must be following in our beloved Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd's footsteps. Kevin recently found time to write a children's book.
I was actually making some food when there was a loud knock and Cousin Harold came thumping in.
After taking a look at the site and then having a further chat about the look and feel for the images, we came up with a few ideas and introduced “Flossy” the latest member of Hayley’s team, a 3ft high mannequin, perfect size for the dresses we needed to shoot.
It's not just brimming with green technology in a similar way to providing the 'bigger 911' driving experience are less clear cut but if anyone can engineer it successfully, you'd bank on BMW. You'd also put a pretty penny in fuel and emissions are 199g/km. Both figures are 209g/km and 263g/km. The 5 Series saloon is confirmed by its predecessor. Additionally, a USB interface is standard with a razor-like turn of pace with a similar tarmac focus and 2008 saw the bmw z4 2.0i as the bmw z4 2.0i, it's much more crucial thanks to our idiosyncratic weather patterns. The diesel engine, on the bmw z4 2.0i with 173g/km emissions, which explains why it's destined to be heaved inside. The practicality of a truly great roadster somewhere in its latest guise, it's massively more user-friendly than when it comes to environmental and running costs considerations.
Obama is a man who could deliver a snap judgment about a Boston police officer who arrested an “obstreperous” Harvard professor-friend, but would warn Americans against “jumping to conclusions” about a mass murderer at Fort Hood who shouted “Allahu Akbar.” The absurdity of that was lost on no one. He has since compounded this by calling the Christmas bomber “an isolated extremist” only to have to admit a day or two later that he was part of an al Qaeda plot.
To see someone getting this particular point really wrong, check out Steve Novella‘s blog on this topic, in the section where he mentions Richard Hoagland. The “anomalies” that guy finds have only the flimsiest connection to his pet crazy ideas, and have very easy explanations already that don’t require massive leaps of logic to some totally new concept. When you have to invent vast alien civilisations and sinister, all-encompassing government cover-ups to account for the fact that there’s no other evidence for what you’re saying… at what point do you decide that maybe some mountains just happened to make a kinda interesting shape that one time? It’s a quirk, but not an anomaly.
This haiku appears as part of the Haiku Bandit Society Moon Viewing Party for May. Although I’ve been enjoying the haiku there for months, this is my first time submitting anything myself.
Then every 3 days or so you want to give the bottle a good shake to help the process along.
"Relvin, you will stand down." Dora spoke as if the last fortnight had rolled back and she was Four Knot again. Rel found a little piece of himself trying to agree with her and stamped it down, mercilessly. She went on like a bow shot. "You've been rash and aggressive. I don't believe for one second you needed to fight that guard, self-defence or not. You've messed with dangerous forces that could have gotten everyone in Vessit killed."
Six Feet Under
And just who is The Eleventh Doctor anyway? The reason I ask is because the scenes between The Doctor and old Kazran don’t seem terribly powerful except when old Kazran is caught in weakness (as when he almost hits a child). But when Kazran is strong, The Doctor has no authority over him and seems to have very little presence. This Doctor seems to relate more to children than adults, to the point that he can’t seem to command a room until he has made everyone aware of their weaknesses. You could probably win shouting matches with this Doctor. However, when The Doctor visits young Kazran, he becomes more of a big brother, an imaginary friend. He is not an authority figure, not someone you could go to for advice or strength. He is a buddy. This is most-strikingly played out when adult Kazran (the mid-twenties version) decides to not go to The Doctor for help. He goes with the stronger figure, which is his father. The stronger will bends Kazran, and it is sad to say that the stronger will is not The Doctor. This Doctor is a bit like Peter Pan, child-like, somewhat weak. And I don’t just mean that Matt Smith is a young actor. The Doctor himself is being written as child-like. There are moments of an adult shining through, but this Doctor seems to prefer the company of children. He is far enough out from The Time War to be a virtually new man (so to speak) and has an innocence that his previous two incarnations didn’t have. But this Doctor doesn’t seem to be growing up, and it makes me wonder what will happen. Steven Moffat is obviously building toward something. Will that something make The Doctor grow up?
May 1, 2012, Philadelphia - Royal Thunder, the Atlanta-based quartet who release their debut album CVI on May 22 (Relapse Records), and RCRD LBL are offering a download of “Whispering World”: http://rcrdlbl.com/2012/05/01/download_royal_thunder_whispering_world.
4x Cloudshift
Hi! Happy Monday to you!!! Sandra here to share my final projects as a designer for Creative Charms :o(. This has been a blast and a great experience for me. Special thanks goes out to Midori, our dynamite Creative Charms Design Team Coordinator for all of the help and encouragement. Everyone that I have worked with on the Creative Charms design team has been fantastic and are wonderfully talented ladies. Thanks to all of you and to all of you followers for your kind words and support! As for the Creative Charms product - I have loved everything that I have had the opportunity to work with and I know that I will continue to purchase Creative Charms products for my projects!
When he has driven out all his own,
Funneled from the mind, swirled from the heart.
2 columns aren’t useful, just as they aren’t aesthetic. The actual time “line” is stupid, and glitchy. It would have been cool if they kept it the way it was and simply gave you the ability to look at a person’s every status update in the easier fashion that timeline provides.
The Standard tier of PayPal payments is free for businesses to use. The Advanced tier adds the ability for customers to pay for purchases without leaving your website for $5 per month, and the Pro tier lets you design and host your own checkout pages for full control, as well as accept credit card via phone, fax, and mail.
Hi there y'all!
Over coffee with a friend this morning, we were asked where the initial impetus for developing our app, Build A Story came from.
Uh, in this case, maybe three.
Towards the end of the book Ruth's parents come home, just in time for Christmas. It ends with a wonderful Christmas celebration inviting several injured children to come and celebrate with them. This book was an easy and fun read that any child would love! The gospel is taught throughout the book in a very child-friendly way.
Wendy's grilled chicken sandwich. This is really good and not bad for you. Grilled chicken breast, lettuce, tomato, soft bun, and mustard. One of my favs.
Waitress Costume : Nice, Colorful, Cute (Remind me of Maid Cafe in Japan but with Polkadote )
you need to look at the subtle undertones.
Fifteen feet...10 feet...getting too close. I backed up slowly, still firing and fighting the urge to panic. I could use my rifle as a club, I thought, but for how long? The zombies weren't abnormally, or even normally strong, but they would still overwhelm me from the sides and rear...soon.
So anyways, we left the crane, Seneca Crane, with a napkin that said, “Seneca Crane is my name, killing kids is my game. Hunger Games ftw!”
You fought and bravely gave you life, to end this bloodshed and senseless strife.
In a statement issued on Wednesday, Congress of the People KwaZulu-Natal weighed in on the controversy with a condemnation of the programme's suspension.
This is the best part, because almost anything can be done to make shields dangerous. Maybe they attract the enemy’s weapon as if it’s magnetized – meaning it’s all but yanked out of his hand. Or they could repel weapons instead.
It’s at times like this that I realise how thankful I am that I am not one of these actors, that I have an education that includes history and excludes zombie survival, that I have a job where fighting with weapons is purely optional, and that I live in a free nation where no one will ever be able to force me to see a film like this.
So, obviously, Jean Dujardin won the Best Actor Oscar last night, that's great. I'm happy cuz he's a great actor and really like him since a very long time !
23 about
son of a bitch, this day is now on it’s way to a complicated and disappointing start and all i needed after my cigarette and morning pee was a goddamn pop tart.
At this point I was running out of ribbon, lol, but I knew I could squeeze another project out so I made a cute tag. First I cut out the tag and added a little patterned paper. Then I stuck down 3 different ribbons and cut into them at an angle from each side - this was kinda tricky as they kept moving but it worked out!!
No doubt our "leaders" will only be happy when their daughters and granddaughters are in burkhas and married off at 6 years old. But then the ruling classes are the main purveyors of paedophilia, pornography, relativism, where truth is lies and lies are portrayed as truth, good is equal to bad, black is white and terror is peace.
The pot stood infront of me. Delicious milo with eggs.
Ever since reading your article about the other Alan Feuer, I have thought about writing to you. I had no desire to disrupt his life while he was alive, but since he has passed away, I am wondering if you would be interested in learning the truth about his background.
The whitebread prep school where the teen meat attend adds another unexpected layer of class, they're so basically well behaved that this could have been an Agatha Christie story. No one gets naked - these might be the first kids in slasher movie history to get offed for not fornicating enough. The only wild and crazy behavior comes at the start, when the gang jumps their car over a rising bridge like The Dukes of Montreal, and wouldn't you know it, this sole act of irresponsibility factors heavily into the story's final twists and revelation of the killer.
In addition to the 12 and 18 year old, Yamazaki briefly released its Japanese oak aged vintage 1984 whisky in the US a few years ago.
Things finish up with a smiling, life affirming take on “Ripple” from Baltimore’s Mopar Mountain Daredevils
Every year the news of the latest statistics gives rise to articles like this one, pointing out that Australia is in danger of not reproducing its population. But while we do seem to be dropping under replacement rate slightly, the bigger news is the change in the age of most parents – that’s the main message from this year’s statistics.
I've never heard this song before in my life but it seems quite nice.
the progression of life must be viewed as a flow
I did the workouts now for 3 weeks. Every day I check out her site for new workouts. They take around 15-25 minutes, are super intense, work the whole body and are easy to do at home, without any workout gear or so.
Some increase, sure. But not nearly enough to explain the increase in prisoners in jail for these two classes of crime. Sentences for crimes in these categories must be getting harsher, either going from non-custodial to custodial sentences, or lengthier custodial sentences.
has a solo project called "The Bepstein Show" where he plays along to
1 tsp mustard seeds
One day I decided to check out the song on the flipside. It was called ‘Chest Fever”, and had this heavy heavy organ chord going, and lyrics I couldn’t understand because they were sung like “Louie, Louie” was sung, that is to say unintelligibly, so I figured it had to be a dirty song, just like they said if you ever did hear a word from “Louie, Louie” it was going to be dirty.
You love trains, tractors and trucks. We have to stop everything and race to the window whenever a train goes by or the garbage truck appears. Thomas the Train is a big deal around here these days.
When I read this post today, in five years, I wonder if I’ll know why I wrote it….
as soon as february.
Amazonia is going slowly for me and it isn’t that the story is boring or bad but it includes a plethora of information about military actions/wars that I have absolutely no interest in.
An hour goes by…then another 30 minutes. By this time my phone has gone off about 4 times to remind me to take my pills. I have to take my medication at 7:30pm during the work week so I can fall asleep on time and so I’m not so groggy that I’m a zombie at work and I don’t wake up until I’m supposed to go to bed. Therefore I always try to take them on time, hence the reminder, but by now I know there’s going to be no early night tonight.
in your brain
Punch dough down, roll out dough into 1/8 in thick. Cut into round using 3 in cookies cutter. Press dough into lightly buttered muffin pan. Fill up pie, 3/4 full with your favorite filling and let sit for 45 minutes. Towards the end of raising time, preheat oven @ 180C.
3. Anything You Can Do (3:08)
Bought this old stainless restaurant prep table at a garage sale recently, and a few blocks later I found this huge wood and metal bottle rack. I moved the cabinet that was on this wall - stuck this table in its place, hung the wine rack (no bottles yet because it's still teetering on 2 little nails) and I think I like the change a whole lot.
”…What did you expect, pretend it all away, And all we’ve got left is a sorry pile of hearts…” - Get Well
91. Petrified Forest
From Behind Curtain 2, we are excited to announce that June Stevens has commenced her challenge. From her Stoneville studio, June will create 30 artworks from mid April to mid May. June describes her challenge:
So remember the F-Express and a time when ELO and Queen ruled the juke boxes in Kensington. A time when PS 179 was the "school" and PS 321 was not.
You cannot fake out the body. Whoever invented the term “fake it til you make it” was just not nice. We deepen our illusion, our deadened vibration, anytime we attempt to pretend we are not feeling something within us.
My reformation, glittering o'er my fault,
4. My favourite kind of book is full of make believe and magic and crazy big words.
This morning, after a night dreaming about wearing yellow and talking to a lollipop; after a weekend trying to neutralize my daughter’s emotions while we were at a hotel for a conference of my husband’s, I finished the manuscript for my memoir. At least, that is, to the point where I am ready to start sending it out to agents/publishers. I had finished my last round of revisions last week, but had one more poem to write. This morning I allowed it to appear. I called it “Truth” and felt satisfied with the simplicity of the lyrics that took form on the page.
Troops waved pepper spray into the queue’s front line. Others standing atop a grubby white UN armoured vehicle fired off steady rounds of rubber bullets into the air.
In fact, the study authors conclude that pediatricians (the paper’s target audience) may be able to increase kids’ physical activity by educating parents. "Pediatricians,” they write, “may need to highlight for parents the many learning benefits of outdoor play…and reassure parents that active time does not need to come at the expense of time dedicated to ‘academics’ and ‘learning.’”
When setting is loosed from the stabilities of the so-called ‘real world’, vision is liberated with it. The cinema of affects shatters the world to bits. And so it aims to suspend us before what it presents to us, to suspend its viewers judgment, so that they cannot know upon first viewing what it is they see and hear. In so many films by Tarkovsky, for example, we only learn what it is we see early on in the film once we have gotten to the end, for it is only at the end of his films that we begin to understand the lenses through which we are supposed to understand the opening segments of his films. And thus, we find that while we see and hear in the early parts of his films, he teaches us what it is to see without seeing, hear without hearing, or rather, to see and hear without knowing WHAT one sees or hears. Where does one divide between parts and wholes, foregrounds and backgrounds? Which aspects will be significant later? Nature in Tarkovsky’s films seems to pulse with hidden powers, powers to give birth to the racically new, and unleash within us a second sight, a multiple-sight of radical becoming. Tarkovsky is the prophet of a radically secular religiousity of the visible world. More than anyother filmmaker, Tarkovsky has taught us how to see differently, and most powerfully, to see nature differently. Never has an earthly landscape seemed more alien than that depicted in the opening scenes of Solaris (1972). And after the first viewing, never has nature seemed to be more than it was, a vision beyond vision, a vision made radically multiple, its productivity lurking between the strands of reeds, blades of grass, a holiness beyond any religion, a holiness of this world. Tarkovsky releases more than any other filmmaker the power of the film-world to transform everything. His settings are allegories for the radical power of film.
That’s scary.
I ended up getting my money back that weekend, but it was stressful nonetheless.
Lay some fleece, folded in half so you cut two identical (but reversed) pieces at once. Lay your pattern pieces on top and pin them down, making sure the stretch on the fleece is going from side to side not up and down.
the morning of the lunar eclipse
Click cover for author website!
This Lemon blueberry buckle appeared in the Los Angeles Times Food Section in May 2009. It is adapted from "Rustic Fruit Desserts" by Cory Schreiber and Julie Richardson. This is a fruit cake, crumb topping and a lemon glaze on top. Oh yes, crumb topping with lemon glaze. Deliciousness.
This, in my opinion, is bad.
I'm so excited. I can't believe that a week from tomorrow we'll be on our way. We'll spend Sunday with a good friend in Addis, and then take custody of Ruthie Mekdes on Monday.
The Synod member explained that this Oculary, similarly to the Orrery at the Arcane University in the Imperial City, is used to locate sources of great magical power. Looking at Skyrim the College owned one such artefact, it had to be the Eye thought Se’rith, and the other one was in a place that Paratus called Labyrinthian. Se’rith wondered if this was where the Staff of Magnus was located. Paratus once again became aggressive in his accusations that the College was interfering with Synod work. He was shouting and gesticulating with his arms, so much that Se’rith called force her ward spell thinking the Imperial was going to launch an attack. He suddenly stopped and said in a calm voice that he would be reporting back to the Synod and telling them the College ha something powerful, very powerful in their grasp. Se’rith did not like the tone and watched warily as he left the chamber. Both Dunmer then explored the rest of the chamber, Se’rith picking up some books Urag might be interested in. They then made their way back to the surface.
1/3 c citrus juices
This passage marks a milestone in the development of the relationship between Jesus and his disciples. Early in his ministry, Jesus taught in parables, stories, whose meanings were often obscured from his followers. Now Jesus, on the last night with His disciples before His death, speaks plainly to His disciples.
Kelsey Borg, a sophomore from Maple Park, is in the beginning American Sign Language class and described her first silent dinner as a bit nerve-racking. Signing felt different in public and she became lost when more advanced students had intricate conversations, she said.
The boy is a fishing prodigy! He and and Dane are planning a big fishing trip to our local lake next week, can't wait to see what they bring home
Floods like the one earlier this month – they just don’t happen here. Not at all in Nashville since the 1970s – and bad though it was, that was really nothing compared to this one.
When MTV hires the producers for the show, they make sure that their employees are young and can build relationships and “fit in” with the people they are filming, to help keep the footage as raw as possible. They don’t want the individuals on the show to act as though they are being filmed in front of some old producer who doesn’t really understand what they are going through. They also need to be able to work ridiculous hours, since life doesn’t stop when the cameras turn off. The producers explain how they had to sleep on floors and in their cars just in case something happened that they needed to film. The producers also need to be brave, as certain stories take place in very dangerous places, such as Iraq or the projects.
fates? And in the end both triumph, because despite the irony of the ending – sensible Elinor finding
He held on tight
Since the last collar we bought for Boxer was too big, we decided to swing by Pets Barn on the way home. It was RIGHT next to the mall. Handy, huh? We got a smaller collar for the dog, and an engraved name tag. It says his name on the front, and my phone number and email address on the back. I figured that would be better, since we move SO much...
I started the card by using CTMH Colonial White CS rather than white, including using it for HLO. I added white gel pen to the whites of his eyes. The patterned paper had the vintage colour on 2 of the side and by using Distress Inks Vintage Photo and Tea Dye, I was able to complete the look around the whole card base.
What I also liked about this book is that it doesn’t attempt to romanticize the story. It never questions the moral standpoint that incest is very wrong. It just chronicles one girl’s experiences with it and her mental decline as the relationship progresses.
2 pounds hot bulk sausage (mild can be used) (I used Jimmy Dean Reduced Fat and didn't need to drain it)
I miss my Mommy oh so much
Anyway just wanted to stress the point that has been argued many times before even in song (Katy Perry “Hot and Cold”). It is true guys are hot and then cold. It’s like they do something and then think. Well next time think before you act because there’s more than one person involved. This applies to friends just as much as to relationships. But you know you could learn a lot from books, films and even music. There is quite a lot of truth there about the actions of others though sometimes over-dramatized. For now all you have to do is watch ‘He’s Just Not Into You’ (2009 movie) and you could gain some interesting insights about people in general! It’s funny actually because one scene near the beginning where the female main character goes on a date with this guy for happy hour in a club and after exchanging numbers he says “See you soon, I’ll call you” before leaving. She smiles and says “ok great”, but then as he walks away she stops him and says “Wait you gave me your number so do I call you or will you call me?” He looks at her confused and rather panicked at this point and distractedly says yes I’ll call you bye as he quickly runs away! It’s the same thing when he said see you soon, it doesn’t actually mean he’ll see her soon! It’s just an expression!
I know I know, I've been m.i.a. this week.
1 medium eggplant, sliced lengthwise
Following yesterday's votes, the RMT have confirmed they will be holding a 72 hour Tube strike from 4pm April 24th 2012 in a row over pensions. RMT has been demanding that all Tube Lines staff, be allowed to join the TfL Pension Scheme and receive the same travel concessions as those who work for LUL, including former Metronet staff. This will affect the Jubilee, Northern and Piccadilly London Underground Lines.
in slow motion,
Take, for example, the ban on partial-birth abortion. It's a brutal practice. People from both political parties came together in the halls on Congress and voted overwhelmingly to ban that practice. Made a lot of sense. My opponent out - in that he's out of the mainstream, voted against that law.
Indelible
The second time it hit me harder. I thought I had helped her, I thought I had pulled her through that, the counseling and the tablets were helping her. I was 15 years old, my mother was supposed to be warning me about boys, not stabbing herself with the bread knife.
Unfortunately, my laptop has decided to start the very slow process of dying, which would've meant I'd have lost the whole of this game if I wasn't backing it up properly... but I was backing it up properly, so I'll just continue development on my new computer using Paint.NET or something to get around the problems I have with the new edition of MS Paint.
Review (by soooeee)(spoilers): This manga is basically an adaptation of the light novel series, and there’s not much difference in story. But the art is something to talk about. So we’ll start with that. It’s pretty. Tateo Retsu is a very skilled illustrator who makes everyone look perfect. There’s not a single flaw in his art style, really. Now, the story. It’s very amusing, but because is was copied word for word from the novel, I can’t say much about it except that the novel is well written. Sousuke’s dumbfounded adventures in the regular school life of an average teenager is really funny. And there’s also a good amount of giant robot action and suspense. And the relationship between Sousuke and Chidori is interesting to watch, as it develops as the manga progresses. This is definitely a manga that I reccomend reading, if not for the art. The novel deserves your attention as well.
She felt his chest heave and knew with out moving he was angry.
I’ve been in a bit of a funk lately.
Cabin has been closely compared to Scream, but there seems to be one important difference to us: Scream was authentically scary even while dissecting horror tropes, while Cabin … not so much. The movie didn’t have much in the way of suspense or memorable kills, and the bogeymen sent after our main characters — a family of redneck zombies — wasn’t pulse-quickening in the slightest, or even all that distinctive. At Vulture HQ, we found the scares so scarce that we’ve been debating whether the movie was even supposed to be scary. Joss Whedon and Drew Goddard managed to freak us out in their small-screen endeavors, but why is Cabin so tame?
“Things are better than a year ago,” said Jamal El-Khoudary, chairman of the board of the Islamic University, who has led Gaza’s Popular Committee Against the Siege. “The siege on goods is now 60 to 70 percent over.”The flotilla's stated ambition is to "break the siege", hardly what you'd call the language of peace. And while Alice Walker dreams about being gunned down by the IDF in the name of peace, Fintan Lane cries about having his life put in danger. By a bent propeller shaft.
Love when I am turned on to something new. I've had a nasty little bump/blemish on my chin for about a week now. Can't see it so much, but I can sure feel it. We had friends over for dinner on Sunday and she happened to have the magic potion. Having something on her eye herself, she has me boil water for Goldenseal and then applies. I also try...it feels good. Next morning, my blemish is almost gone. No joke, hopefully not a coincidence. I would certainly revisit this remedy again.
Indigo Girls’
Some in the name of “scholarship” conjecture that the New Testament collection originated by those professing to be Christians in the 4th century. Yet for believers, there are three different ways for which the Scriptures are considered to have been compiled by God’s guidance excluding the claims that 4th century councils put the collection together. Today, many professing Jesus Christ believe that God providentially established the collection in the 2nd century. Others are convinced that the scriptures were collected by inspired men of the Holy Spirit, who were Apostolic prophets still living in the 2nd century. By giving attention directly to the scriptures, the New Testament contradicts that the scriptures were put together in the 4th century and challenges these first two beliefs by presenting that the Apostles and prophets oversaw the collection in the 1st century.
Timeline - Can you believe that it is still day number two of Jonah Hex in the future? I think the days must be longer of something! Anyway, we know that we are now in 2050!!
"I'm Graca, a Canadian prairie gal who lives far from any respectable fashion districts but who loves to sew. I've been sewing off and on for many years. In a perfect world, sewing is a way for me to relax. It is something I love to do when I have some spare time on my hands. Any day sewing is a happy day. Yes, even if I have to put down the sewing needle and pick up a seam ripper. I love the creative process of starting a project from shopping for the fabric to hand stitching the final details. Ooooh, and sincere compliments. Luv those!"So pop on over to Graca's blog and enter this lovely giveaway!
Oh yeah I started this with a note about a treatment. So me receiving correspondence stating it was approved doesn’t really mean it was approved. When the doctor’s office called to confirm they were told it was still pending. So more waiting…
Be thankful for what is!
JSOC is headquartered at Pope Air Force Base and Fort Bragg in North Carolina. It’s made up of the Army’s Delta Force, SEAL Team Six, Army Rangers and the 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment. JSOC performs strike operations, reconnaissance in denied areas and special intelligence missions. For much of the Bush administration, JSOC was run by Gen. Stanley McChrystal. JSOC’s primary function was to eliminate individuals considered to be “High Value Targets.” McChrystal’s successor at JSOC, Vice Admiral William McRaven, is himself a former SEAL.
October 5 - Charles Napier, actor (Rambo: First Blood Part II), 75
It’s called warm chocolate torte and I first found the recipe in a lovely little book written by Linda Collister called “Heavenly Chocolate”.
teeth gleaming like darkling stars.
He managed to bring it up at least 2 more times before our next therapy appointment on Wednesday. I was furious when I went in and told her about it. She asked hubby why he wanted it so bad. "Because it will be easier to play games on than my laptop." Not that it will help him look for a job, or learn a new skill, or help get on an online support group.. games. Stupid freaking games. We have 2 UK game systems that we can't use. We have 2 more US game systems. We have more handheld systems in this house than I can name and he wants another one. No! Freaking no way. She actually tried to talk through the feelings, how hubby feels like he has to ask my permission because he isn't working, etc. He was doing some online surveys but stopped doing them and then when I told him to earn the money for the tablet, he started doing the surveys again. Couldn't earn the money to pay for his medications or our house hold bills, but he could find the energy to try to earn the money for this stupid tablet, how selfish it was and how uncaring. She finally told him to earn the money for it or stop talking about it, drop it. I'm glad she took my side.
That was the feeling I had when we were planning our Hong Kong trip. Okay, so I exaggerated a bit, but it’s true. It may sound horrible but I meant it in a positive way. The pressure, the uneasiness, the weight of the anticipation, it’s all caused by the excitement. And I know this goes to Jelly as well. It may seem like we’re overreacting since we’ve already been there before, but those were on separate occasions. This trip is our first out of country trip together. Jelly and me.
Led Zeppelin – “D’yer Mak’er” (Atlantic)
9 Both Sides 5:05
I have been a fan of Tareq’s work for several years now. I have also seen how much he has grown as a furniture designer with the clever reinvention of his brand, and the launch of Voi-Artis. While browsing Tareq’s updated website I came across this new fantastic piece that I needed to share with you.
In a world mid-change, I maintain my right
Dropping my daiquiri
By the time baby three came I started working from home because the cost of daycare was outrageous and I truly did want to be home for my children. That was when I put into motion one of my big life goals—writing a book. This took me over a year and that book is under the bed, so to speak, but it showed me I could do it. I then joined my local romance writers’ group and never looked back. Today, I have over 12 books to my name. This year I started my Indie journey and launched my nitty gritty YA stories under a new name (actually it’s my original name-lol) and I’m loving it. The third book in my nitty gritty series, Off Stroke debuts this month on
Me: Well then, what kind of military man?
New Hampshire
the broken glass
Remember to stop by the ATS blog and see all the fantastic eye candy the team has for you .....now I am off to get ready to go see my grandsons tomorrow in Saskatoon... hoping the weather is good so we can get there easily!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can't we all just get a schlong?
SIPDIS
In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar together until light and fluffy.
When I was a teacher, (in a real school, as my children call it) I had a couple of these types of books that were full of words of wisdom, comfort, and encouragement for teachers. I kept them on my desk and looked through them every now and then to get encouragement and comfort. That's what I thought I'd do with this little book...
Please before using the word “Kudos!” for now on, please stop and think: Does this glorify God or man?
When you are young and “bulletproof” you will probably do nothing. Old age is too far down the road to worry about. Also, generally when you are younger you spend money for things “more important”. But what is more important than your health? Food, shelter and clothing, yes. What about cigarettes? I am always perplexed at the cost of a carton of cigarettes compared to a doctor’s visit. Which one do you think is more healthful? Which one do you think a smoker will choose?
Inflation is the worst tax of all. It erodes the power of savers to break the chains of poverty and rewards the rich who have the power to take huge risks to beat inflation. The poor will suffer the most when businesses pass on increases costs to the consumer. This is how income disparity begins: the government causes inflation, the poor are unable to save, and the rich keep investing to stay ahead of inflation.
High Knees (running, 40m)
R.I.P. Uncle Urbie Love you Always
With the diminution of political problems in the North the focus of Irish-American communities has now veered more towards culture and celebration of their own individuality.
For someone with a full-time job like myself, I have to say that it’s hard to go cold turkey on processed ingredients. I have to admit that canned tomatoes really make recipes like Chili and lasagna so much easier (Yes, I actually used to blanch, peel and seed dozens of tomatoes before). It may not always be the healthiest choice, considering the high sodium content of processed foods, but I have to admit that it’s not only easier but so much cheaper to pick up a roasted chicken from the grocery store (even higher end ones like Sobey’s) than it is to buy the raw bird and roast it myself. Sure, making roasted chicken is one of the easiest things to do. But buying it and going straight home to eat it (as opposed to seasoning and cooking for over an hour) is not bad when I’ve had to stay late for work.
To start, it’s a beautiful day…. I arrived to my first class student already there. In this classroom there are 19 cpu’s and only 6 students.. So I sit at a computer next to the student(deaf). 30 min. into the class a young lady comes up to me “taps me on the back” and says “why are you in my seat?” During this time the instructor is speaking so I continued interpreting. I paused looked around the room then said “you can sit anywhere” her reply “NO! this is my seat” she then went on to say “you can sit in the corner” I looked at the student (Deaf) signed what the young lady told me “i can sit in the corner” she signed back “I’m not in it” now the young lady starts to login the cpu while I’m interpreting blocking my the veiw. I then stated “wait stop… If you come to class on-time then you could sit anywhere” wrong thing to say. She started using profanity “yo’ a$# don’t worry abt what I do” during all of this the instructor is still talking. So I interrupted the instructor stating that I couldn’t hear her which at time the young lady starts to explain to the instructor “the interpreter is sitting in my seat” I re-stated “if you would allow me to finish interpreting what is being said then I would move…..
and she has said she might be back for the odd Guest Design spot!
Negative people will pull you down to their level. Choose to work with people who have a positive attitude instead.
He continued to organise balls and famously regulated the tone of the balls most strictly. They ended punctually at eleven, and from this he would not be moved. It is remarkable that a man of no birth could manage his social superiors so successfully, but Nash was most adroit. He banned boots and spurs from balls. One night a gentleman arrived in boots and Nash stopped him at the door with words to this effect. "Why sir!" he said. "You have forgot something. I see your whip and spurs, but where is your horse?" The gentleman concerned retired abashed. Nash also banned the fashion of aprons, and once stripped a costly lace apron from a duchess at a ball and cast it aside.
Agar’s final line of attack looks to the possible social costs of pursuing SENS. We’ve already commented on the effects of negligible senescence on the individual and their attitude to risk. How might those individual effects translate into social effects?
1st CFL-2+AS Sam Duggan
In fact, the home page of the website reads as follows: “Westport Cafe & Bar is a casual Paris-style Bistro that offers an American menu with classic French inspiration and preparations. Simple, quality ingredients are braised, grilled, poached, confit, or cured in the same old-world techniques that have been practiced by the French masters for years.”
The latest craze sweeping the bridal industry in the UK could not be more shocking.. Brides are opting to go under the knife and have their noses fixed before they’re big day! To have a Rhinoplasty procedure performed is to go to the very extreme of all aesthetic lengths. It is an invasive surgery and has all the same consequences as other surgeries do. This extreme beauty treatment is one of the more frivolous that I have heard of within the bridal sector. There are others areas of frivolity such as teeth whitening and this usually leads to veneers which are of a great cost. While overall wedding budgets (£10,000) have dropped from the dizzy heights that they were accustomed to pre-recession, the amount brides are spending on reaching the image they deem perfect has increased dramatically. Aesthetics are at the forefront of every brides mind but the question that springs to my mind is ‘How far do you have to go when changing your appearance to finally be happy?’.
It would be true to say that on the morning of April 28, the whole world and all of Malaysia held their breath. Malaysians overseas were glued to their computer screens or other social networking sites, trying to keep abreast of events as these unfolded at Dataran Merdeka.
Hi there!! I am so excited for the Jaded Blossom Challenge this month! It has to have at least 2 flowers and a Jaded Blossom stamp! How simple is that?!?!?! I immediately knew that I wanted to make a Candy Bouquet for the challenge! Here is my bouquet!!
to origin, the bliss of Paradise.
My gut is telling me that Sanderson is leading us directly into a trap. But I haven’t figured out what the trap is. I know he is amazing at plot twists. Is he trying to convince Vin to trust Elend so she will betray Kelsier? Or is he maintaining Kelsier’s character so he will be the downfall of the group? How’s that for not answering the question at all.
Fall, and summer. it's a tossup.
*Autonomous = Google knows your interests and preferences.
An acute observer, Mayne presents a view of people he doesn’t quite understand. But, like Cafe de France, there is much the contemporary reader will recognize. The Marakshi character hasn't changed much at all.
I used the manifesto from Shimelle as she always puts thing so well but I added the tag for my own journalling too. I'm thinking that there will be a lot of pockets for journalling this year! I basically wrote a note to myself about not stressing over the little things that are only important to ME. I get grumpy trying to do everything the way I want it but failing which then impacts on other people. I need to plan my time wisely and remember why I'm trying to do all this - its to make people happy after all! I still need to add my tiny numbers onto the tree but I can't lay my hands on the sticker sheet right now - typical! I added one of the rosette embellishments that I pre-made and added the Joy charm as it sums up, for me, what the whole season should be about.
Bullock talked about the problems faced by local leaders. There will be much less money and councils will not be able to fund all the services that they have in the past or keep as much as they want in-house – tough choices will have to be made. Do you put all your contracts out and give them to the lowest bidder – with national providers such as Serco or Capita or charities such as Barnardo’s picking them all up? Or do you try to make sure that at least some of them go to local social enterprises and charities? Clearly, a world where nothing is locally controlled is very different from one where most is – but what can you afford?
And where is the money going? I know I may be labouring this point a little but I assume that they're making a whole load of fucking cash from this. And I assume that whatever coin is left over from rent boy rental is going back into the church to help pay the travel expenses of other paedophile priests as they get moved from one fresh meat parish to the next.
Unfortunately when I popped down yesterday to print them out, the Fairy had left the printer on a different setting than usual and I didn't notice until I had finished all the printing for the Baby Bows card stuff that they had come out a peachy pink, instead of a pinky pink. I was going to re-print but remembered that I had picked up some lovely organza ribbons, pearls and flowers from MeiFlower last weekend at Aintree that would be perfect with the peachy pink.
Yes, I cheated this week. Look at all these words. But I’m a writer at heart. It just wouldn’t have felt right without some explanation at all.
(okay, this time I mean it)
* The diaper comes an insert that is a 12”X15” flat (the flat was the same size for both sizes of the diapers I have).
You can find this red roof-reaching wonder attached to the Holiday Isle Dive Shop at Mile Marker 84.1 in Holiday Isle. So stop on by and see this FREE over-sized under-sea life-sustaining device on your next trip to the Keys. Oh yeah, if you’re short-handed and need an extra person to take your photo in front of the scuba tank you can ask Kelly himself… don’t be shy, he’s done it before and doesn’t mind at all! I hope to one day follow-up this blog with another about one of his tours or other dive offerings so stay tuned! You can find out more about Kelly and his Holiday Isle Dive Shop on the internet at DiveHolidayIsle.Com
Since graduating 9 months ago he continues to apply himself by studying hard, putting in the extra yards to not just be a Fireman but be the best Fireman he can be. He has a drive, he has a passion for what he does and he applies himself in every aspect of his job and words can not describe how inspiring that is to not only to hear but also to witness.
One aspect you might not realize about living here is that your 'Fall' and 'Winter' are our 'Spring' and 'Summer'! We open up our houses in 'Fall' and 'Winter'! I've told my girlfriends that it is like living in Australia sometimes - we are opposite of the rest of the world. For instance, we plant our flowers in October/November! :) I am eagerly looking forward to planting impatiens around our property. October is my gardening time!
To more pressing matters, I have been waiting to wear this outfit for awhile - my favourite vintage shirt with little love-hearts on it, and a thrifted lemon yellow skirt I haven't worn at all because I wasn't sure what shoes to pair it with. I finally felt it was the perfect opportunity, and I felt very happy with it, even though I had to undo the waistband of the skirt for comfort's sake during the 2 hour drive :-)
Contacts: Amyre Loomis at (718) 260-9191, and Jenna Payne at (718) 643-6555
We’ve been friends damn near forever.
I wanted to get word to Pat Neshek that we appreciate his upbeat attitudes about autographs. After my last blog post, I sent a note to his wife Stephanee.
are polished, clear.
The train noisily pulled into the next station. The word Westminster appeared and disappeared in the window of the door next to the girl as the tube screeched to a halt. Passengers moved toward to their nearest exit as a silent exchange of positions occurred. The doors whooshed open. Those collected at the exits moved forward, forcing those waiting on the platform to step back.
Because of this, I will keep writing. I will continue to bare my soul. The new blog will show all of me, good and bad. It will not be a place for those who want to see only the good to visit. There will be lots of good there, because my life will continue to get better. There will also be some bad. I have a very difficult road left to travel. I know there will be more bad days. I won’t hide from them and I won’t hide them from the world.
Regent put down a second, smaller box next to the one Tattletale had brought. I switched positions with Tattletale – she began searching Shadow Stalker, removing crossbows, cartridges of ammunition and two small knives. She found a phone with a touch screen, then reached beneath the unconscious girl’s hood to pluck a wireless earbud from the girl’s ear. After rubbing it on Shadow Stalker’s cloak to clean it, she put it in her own ear and started fiddling with the smart phone. After a few seconds she pronounced, “GPS hasn’t been activated. They probably won’t turn it on to look for her until she fails to return from patrol.”
After I had some (lots) of time to cool down, I started mulling over my reaction to this incident in relation to what I "do". I sell vintage clothes. I share style tips and photos on my social media sites. I write blog series with titles like "The Signature Style Project" and "The Pin up Plan". One could argue that these things send a message that I value appearance over substance. One would be dead wrong.
Unfortunately my laptop is at a data recovery center, darn four year old hard drive, so my exciting articles and reviews will be coming soon. I have hijacked my husband's work laptop because I want to share a new and exciting event happening this Wednesday, January 5th at 7pm EST.
“But that’s not the worst part of it,” she said, picking up where she had left off, and trying to swallow the lump in her throat.
Though a whimsical post
sometimes you
57 countries were invited by the Swiss to discuss cutting these people off financially – and creating an international financial boycott against the controllers of the G5.
Dames bedankt weer voor jullie bezoekje, prettig weekend en tot de volgende keer!
Things are just starting to get busy in my shop Gypsea Myth. Please go take a peak if you like! My fella and I had an great time last Saturday afternoon taking pictures in a beautiful golden leaf strewn park near our apartment.
Maeve's safe world is torn apart when her mother dies in a car crash. Sent to live with her strict Chinese grandparents, she fights to hold onto the things she loves most -- her two best friends, her dancing, her baby brother Ned. Secretly she pins her hopes on her Irish father, who doesn't even know she exists. From Sydney to Surfers, from Hong Kong to Ireland, Maeve searches for a path to follow, a place to belong.
3. Assembling a fountain with a surrounding water body (usually a pond) requires a submersible pump and waterproofing the surrounding area with tiles; the surface of the pond may be covered with tiles or natural stone to heighten the fountain’s appearance and beauty.
Give when you think you can’t – it’s not about what you give; it’s about the heart from which you give. If you think your need is greater look around; I’ve found there’s always someone whose problems are worse than mine.
For this card I stamped it using a grey ink on to kraft cardstock and then overstamped a Unity sentiment in black ink. I hand sewed a border using embroidery thread and added 2 patterned paper hearts.
And as a fun aside, my absolutely amazing hubby is a songwriter, and is participating again this year in February Album Writing Month (aka FAWM), wherein music artists race to complete 14 songs in 28 days (and this leap year they are going for 14 1/2!)
I did have to apologise for not bringing back the cheesesteak though.
I'm in love with the colors in these two pictures! Arizona has stunning sunsets, although I have to say that a lot of the reason is because of the amount of pollution in the air. I guess it's worth it, though, because our sunsets are absolutely breathtaking!
'Every day Whites are killed by blacks in South Africa. Thousands a year. Many do not even make the daily newspaper, but let it just be the other way around, or let a white just successfully defend himself against assault by blacks, then all hell breaks loose in South Africa.
Overall the pages mostly turn by themselves and with few exceptions when the men in black appear the book is quite the page turner, but I still wish the author would have had the courage to go the sff route and embrace fully that aspect.
The other thing about these little things is that there aren’t enough positive things to outweigh them. I know every relationship is going to have situations that have a negative pull on it, but I think the good things have to outweigh the bad things to make the relationship worthwhile! I have tense moments with my daughters at times, but overall we enjoy each others’ company a LOT more than we have differences. So it makes for a good relationship I have with each of them and they with each other.
And the next day....
Faced with a massive public backlash in the aftermath of last December’s train disruptions, Ms Saw tendered her resignation in January this year. She will be taking over as the Chief Executive Officer of Auric Pacific Group from 1 May onwards.
Quick update from tonight's Public Information Centre on the Downtown Dundas Transportation Master Plan: the preferred treatment for Governor's Road is a roundabout, rather than a traffic signal, at Governor's and Davidson!
From the publisher, I needed the logo for the series and an early cover image - nothing else. Depending on your book, you might need something else - or nothing at all. And you might think this is all too much faff and you aren't going to do it. The characters in my series will be using Facebook and an iPhone app to keep in touch, so some online traces of these make it all more real. If your story is set in the eighteenth century - or even the 1980s - that won't be necessary. Phew.
…The various people who appeared at crucial moments, like Rahim Pendamai who had given a talk at Gambang during my very early days there, which encouraged and gave me hope that “Perhaps, there might be some future for me…” — ArahMan7: can we dismiss as `coincidence’ that I should find his blog on the very same day I started mine; and whose own often similar accounts and experiences have heartened and encouraged me as Rahim Pendamai did? … Rocky Bru: whose post about this blog during its infancy, besides encouraging me further, had also resulted in me getting to know many of the readers here.
I actually disagree with the notion that legalizing prostitution will make human trafficking worse. As long as something remains illegal, it becomes almost impossible for victims to report crimes against them – because in the eyes of the law, they aren’t victims, they are criminals. Pimps have always used this fact to help keep their sex slaves from running away or turning to police. Legalizing prostitution should take the pimps out of the equation… then again, I guess time will tell. What do you think?
But the mandate here in Ottawa really is a bummer
While walking the streets of Kolkata with my American boyfriend I mentioned once, ‘When you live with a problem it ceases to be one. I have seen people sleeping on the sidewalks since I was born, I don’t notice them anymore!’ On retrospect, it was such an insensitive comment to make. Sean stopped walking and turned around to face me. ‘I don’t ever want you to get used to people sleeping on the sidewalk. If you get used to it, how will you strive to change it and make it better?’ I knew then, this is the man I want to spend my life with.
and slipped on lethal heels.
In all stages of the geochemical and mineral exploration process, decisions are based upon site conditions, judgment, experience and relevant information. Quickly obtaining accurate exploration assay data to conduct mining operation decisions is one of the largest impediments to high productivity. Any improvement in the quality or efficiency in this data for rapid delineation of resource deposits and the in-depth, quantitative geochemical analysis of ore concentrations for mine mapping and grade control is critically important for mining operational functions.
Afterwards our judge, Mary Fitzgerald, talked with us and it was nice. We got to ask her questions about the case and just about law in general. She was very personable. I even received a letter of thanks from her on Saturday! So overall, my Civic Responsibility was a success and defiantly not as awful as I thought it would be. I do wish that I was on a criminal case, it would be way more interesting I think. So, with all that, if you get picked for jury duty, I hope your experience goes as well as mine did. Not only did I enjoy seeing how law works, I also got to meet some great people along the way.
In his octopus' garden in the shade
The Jews are chosen, not to be superior, at least not in might, that one seemed to go more to Ishma’el and ‘Esaw, but to be a light to the nations, and as a student of the Torah. You mention that “there is the problem of the Jew who abandons their responsibility and assimilates into the surrounding culture,” and that is – I believe – also reflected in the Torah, in the story of Dathan and Aviram, refusing to “go up” to Moses, and instead were swallowed by the earth. I read in this the consequence of assimilating, refusing to “go up to Moses,” that is, staying “loyal to the Torah.”
British General James Grant was leading 5,000 soldiers along Gowanus Road when they spotted a watermelon patch and couldn’t help but partake. But the melon patch belonged to the Inn, at the junction with Martense Lane Pass (near present day Fifth Avenue and 36th Street), and the seizure of the oversized fruit resulted in the first shots of the battle. “The largest Battle of the Revolution was set in motion by an unexpected encounter in a watermelon patch,” historian Barnet Schecter has pointed out.
This is Stan Madeley still here, with Uncle Dick currently investigating reports of phantom moles in the area of his potting shed and refusing to blog until he's give his own show on Channel 4 (after the watershed).
Read Matthew 26:17-30
Here is a link to live performance of this song at Cornell University in 2011. I was lucky enough to capture a very interesting moment at an amazing show. I hope you enjoy…but a little side not. the audio is distorted the first 20 seconds, that’s why he sings the song a capella. Turn down your headphones at the beginning, if you want to keep your eardrums, and the best part is the ending…
King: How dare you! You shall be mine no matter what!
My belly did not like something I ate today.
Unfortunately for our weekend plans, that keg of Boucanèe did not
The biggest challenge in sharing book apps with students is finding high quality apps. In librarian terms, this is collection development or curation. The App Store is terrible; you can easily find the newest and the most popular apps, but it is very difficult to find more than that. I regularly turn to the following sources to read about book apps. All provide thoughtful, high quality reviews:
It is finally Spring Break and I am…. exhausted.
Rather than covering the table with a cloth, I decided it might be more interesting to drape a soft, cotton lace tablecloth down the center of the table as a runner. I ended up using three vintage Quaker Lace cloths, letting them "flow" down the center of the table, spilling off the ends of opposite diagonal corners.
Newcastle’s Quayside has been transformed into a seaside haven for the summer months by Business Improvement District Company NE1.
I just updated him about the new gate quote and was told to 'collate all the data and we would discuss it at a convenient point tonight.'
2. Lorelai Gilmore – The Gilmore Girls
Feels a more summer-like warm ravishment
Why are you walking away?
Contact: katherine_gordon@hks.harvard.edu
Anyway, every time I tell a Spanish story and there is a bad/evil/wreched character, it is always El Señor Chubby Chub Chubs Poor rabbit. One little boy volunteers to do his voice every time and he always hams it up. He makes him sound really dumb and laxidasical.
If, as commentators such as Professor David Hillier believe, the Blue Knights are “low balling” because they do not believe Mr Miller can come through with his bid, have they too forgotten about the interests of creditors?
Take a few moments to sign the petition, blog about it, put it out on Facebook and Twitter (#healthworkers), anything to help spread the word.
Gingrich: oh please no
even if on tip-toe.
We recently invited a few moms to submit their children’s baby photos – in honor of Mother’s Day.
But they cannot imitate creativity.
Remember a couple weeks back my good friend William the Bloody and I did that super-nifty interview swap thingy? (Well, I did. And you can remember for yourself by reading about it both here on this website - look in Gabe versus the Archives section there on the right side of this page - and on Bloody B's site at www.williamsbloodyhell.com; its still there and its still groovy.) It seems I haven't learned my lesson yet!
M & M’s
Aha. You see the title. Oh yes I am on a roll with my clever titles I'm sure you'll agree. So here begins a new little series of the item I am currently adoring and hoping that Bean or another delicious benefactor may see fit to bestow upon me. The Present, Present - see hilarious!
She's gotten bandages off of one hand and will hopefully discard her beautiful boot next week as she takes pain pills and moans about how her hands don't work.
I purchased this kit from another vendor but wanted to discuss/confirm …
After 31 years of aping John Lennon, head honcho of The Bootleg Beatles, Neil Harrison, is finally hanging up his Rickenbacker. During a gig in St. Albans earlier this year Bootleg John announced that he was leaving the group 'to bring the average age down a bit.' Harrison's mimicry has mesmerised audiences the world over - the refrain 'it's like he's in the room' has been echoing around Bootlegs' shows for so long that retirement probably won't come easy (the real Lennon would have been 71 today, and obviously for him retirement was never an option). So big shoes to fill then. Step forward Adam Hastings. Not surprisingly he's been headhunted from another Beatles tribute band.
Speaking of casting call, this week (hopefully) I'll be hosting an interview with another QB* who just sold her first book and is already on sub with another of a different genre. She is quirky, witty and totally on the literary ball. I've been on awe of her for months and am honored she's gracing my site with her wisdom. Her identity will be revealed later this week (hopefully) but let me just say two words: goat posse; and share a graphic:
If orgasms cure headaches the manufacturers of those vibrating panties should jump all over that.
I hope to at least stick with this for a month. And I need to really think about increasing my cardio workouts. I stay active through my job... but after a year of doing the same thing, I'm afraid my body has adapted to it and I'm not burning as many calories as I should be. And all the excess fat is showing up as a spare tire around my stomach. :( I need to get rid of that ASAP. I'm going on vacation in the first week of June and I need to look GOOD. (I'll blog more about that real soon)
Later I added in some more little coastal paintings I already owned and a crazy faux bois lamp. ( I love this lamp & realize it's one of those pieces that doesn't appeal to most people but that I just have this strange kitcshy love for.) ....
biologically determined animal counterparts in expressing themselves. The answer
Anyhow, now the bit you've all really been waiting for ;) The winner is...
My gift certificates are available in defferent values of 50, 75, 100 and 150 dollars. I can also make custom Certificates with exacty amounts you want to buy. Visit my Gift Certificates section for more information about terms and conditions.
I've been looking for a large jewelry box to place by my bed to put all my jewelry during the night. The one I have currently is a little small. I got sterling silver jewelry box for $3, I know super cheap!!!
I consider myself to be rather naive. That said, after having tried to leave the city on a Friday after 6:30pm, it's clear that naivety is the tippy-tip-top of an iceberg the size of Canada that is, my cluelessness about driving. Getting in and out of Paris is like trying to squeeze a traffic hippo through the eye of a needle.
The ‘Super Moon,’ is up to 14 percent bigger and 30 percent brighter than other full Moons of 2012. Its scientific term is “perigee moon”.
I was planning on going out to Teresa's Next Door in Wayne yesterday but those plans got shat all over when we got hit with that crazy snowstorm. So we decided instead to get some lunch around here and I'm sure glad we did. We met John (Earth's greatest bartender) for some grub and brews at McMenamin's, which is quickly becoming one of my favorite bars in the city.
90-120ml olive or vegetable oil
Mimi's Cafe not only sounds feminine, but it's architecture looks like a cute little house you might see at Disneyland. That's probably not the best draw for a guy's night out, even if the food is good.
Mad Jens Lehmann.
i’m on the periphery more and more, watching her unfurl her wings, silently praying for her to find just the right wind current to carry her safely in the direction of her dreams.
Ringo Starr – Vocals, Drums, Acoustic Guitar
Lt. Gen. Mike Gould
OK.. rant over. If you have read all the way to the end, thank you for putting up with it, and ~ obviously ~ do what you wish on your blogs, but I had to say something. I love to get around and leave comments, but word verification spoils the experience.Of course, when I get my new job, all this will be academic to me, as I will then have a life, and I won't have time for much blog-hopping!! Not that blog-hoppers need to get a life.. Errr... think I'll stop digging now, before I get into REAL trouble!! lol ;o)
A few of the other high-profile property owners in the general vicinity of Bedford include Ralph Lauren, Martha Stewart, Lena Olin and Glenn Close, booze heir Matthew Bronfman, and money men George Soros, James Dinan and Leon Black.
If you would like your own little Christmas Elf to help you along the way - they are $14.95 and I think that it is the best money I have spent in a long time - I have done nothing - but feel so organised. Organised Housewife: Christmas Planner
The most dangerous part of those babies' life is still ahead. I'm not sure I'll be able to watch the leaving-the-nest drama. We don't have cats around, but all manner of threats lurk in the woods, the thickets of apple mint, the sky, the pond. The bluebirds have hatched, but I'd better wait to count them.
In trying to keep with the theme of packing everyday as full as I could I decided to hit up Walmart again, for some black Friday deals. Let's just say that was a nightmare. And I didn't get the item I wanted. :( I won't go on. That store was CHAOS!!!!!!!
But there is magic down in the sewers tonight, for the rain has just started to fall. If it rains too hard, a sewer explorer might find themselves attacked by a flood of water coming out of nowhere. It can drown them before they have the chance to swim back. But the rain has just started, and there is time to go before it gets too bad.
Renee is the daughter of Emily and Todge Smith. They are one of the seven original families that formed our DS group. Unfortunately, the family will be leaving us soon as they have been reassigned to Nebraska.
Deb has invested in one of those fancy embroidery machines so Mollie can have monogrammed clothes! Well the rest of us have benefited from it too. That girl can do anything. I am so proud of her.She and the worlds best s-i-l are always taking me places and doing nice things for me. It is Mothers Day year round with Deb. Anyway, this is what I got from her.(I promise I won't bore you with all the gifts, but want to share a few).
Kit Kat Clock by The Bottle Rockets
Tickles goes in for atake down, but Brian stuff it. Tickle is landing some jabs, but Brian keeps coming forward dna dis landing some strikes of his own. This is a very evenly matched fights.
“Then you better get a good night’s sleep.”
"This type of abuse of power is unacceptable in our society and if the accused is found guilty, he must be kicked out of the police and punished to the full extent of the law," said Lorimer.
I wish it to be clearly understood, however, by what I have said, that it was not for nothing that I called Emperor Charles the man who ought to go to war against the Turk. As for other kings, princes, and rulers who despise Emperor Charles, or are not his subjects, or are not obedient, I leave them to take their own chances. They shall do nothing by my advice or admonition; what I have written here has been for Emperor Charles and his subjects; the others do not concern me. For I well know the pride of some kings and princes who would be glad if not Emperor Charles, but they, were to be the heroes and masters to win honor against the Turk. I grant them the honor, but if they are beaten in trying to get it, it will be their own fault. Why do they not conduct themselves humbly toward the true head and the regularly appointed ruler. The rebellion among the peasants has been punished, but if the rebellion among the princes and lords were also to be punished, I believe that there would be very few princes and lords left. God grant that it may not be the Turk who inflicts the punishment! Amen.
Alexander
~ Spoon into prepared paper cups and bake for 20-25 minutes at 160'C.
We have to be at the hospital in 4 hours, I better try to get some rest. Wish us luck!
Vehicles method of necklace, to only the iphone case replica to take care verify labor outdoors.
I am filled with desire to prepare, plan, list, read, study, and learn. All I want to do is prepare for these kids. This comes from the anxiety, but I also think it’s that deep down, I know that everything’s about to change in a massive way. I found a blog yesterday, and I am obsessed with reading it. The family brought home three older kids from DRC in October 2011, so I have been catching up on their story. (http://thejlees.blogspot.com) Unlike a lot of blogs, the mother documents every day of the first few weeks the kids were home. It’s so eye-opening to read her experiences. While the story is difficult (I am seeing now why this is going to be a God-effort and not a human-effort), it’s exciting to read. I am ready and want to get started! I have a lot of preparing to do in terms of learning and praying, but I am psyched. The hard kingdom work that I’ve been promised is coming! I can’t wait. It’s going to be dirty, ugly, and painful, but God IS going to change me. He IS going to provide, and I can’t wait to be a part of it.
Fast forward to the very early 90′s. I was a student at Sierra Junior College in Rocklin, CA. I was perusing books at the campus bookstore and came across an origami book by Robert Lang. I sat down and attempted to fold a crane….wow, what a mess that was. Eventually however, I did manage to get that crane folded and hundreds more over the years.
Let him know first off about your feelings for him, then let him know you appreciate that he always takes you out. I would tell him that you love spending time together no matter what you do. And let him know, he doesn’t always have to spend money taking you out. Let him know that you do feel guilty that you can’t take him out because of your financial situation. It may be good to drop some figures like your salary or that $5000 school loan.
Sentiment - Internet
Atmosphere and decoration: Very impressive, funky and very unique.
When the homeless population of New York begin disappearing at an alarming rate, a concerned policeman along with a photographer and his girlfriend and the man who runs the homeless shelter begin to investigate. Little do they know exactly what is lurking in the sewers beneath the city.
1 overlook
“Motherfucking bitch! I’m going to kill you!” said Sheldon.
Some of the emotions associated with bullying we can surely all relate to (to at least some extent) include shame, fear and distress. In short, it causes increased physical and psychosocial health problems. In addition, children who bully are more likely to report alcohol and substance use. It is saddening to know that in extreme cases, children and youth go through depression, anxiety, and have a higher risk of suicidal thoughts (Lamb et. al., 2009).
I always love making things for people I love - and I loved every single second of making these tags. I am so happy for my dear friend and so excited for her and her fiance as they begin this new chapter! Will post more pics after the wedding!
"It wouldn't be a Mother's Day Tea if I didn't thank my own mommy," Mrs. Obama said. "It's a big deal when grandma does anything--the fact that she's sitting in that chair is a big testimony to her respect and admiration for all of you."
Honestly, this is the first time I’m feeling like this
Whare ghaists and houlets (Ghosts and owls) nightly cry.
The Derp has cancer. Yay! I am squarely on the side of Team Cancer.
Zora Neale Hurston
The Bahrain Grand Prix should not be cancelled. Holding the Grand Prix in Bahrain at this time means that the international spotlight is trained on the country for a week. The promises of the ruling family to reform will be tested (and mostly found wanting) as will the credibility of the opposition and their commitment (or otherwise) to peaceful protest. Ordinary Bahrainis have suffered greatly over the past year as the political spectrum has polarised and the extremes on all sides have grown more powerful. An event like the Grand Prix can bring a much-needed boost to the silent majority of the moderate middle ground, and provide an opportunity for the more extreme elements to be scrutinised as never before.
Release Date : 5 October 1939
Confession: I’ve tried reading this book a couple of times before, but never went past the first chapter. It could be the paperback/pirated edition and its stupid font size or bad paper quality, who knows, I’m still trying to put my figure to it. But this time round, it was a smooth ride, and I loved every bit of this Booker and Booker of Bookers winner.
After this you could add some glue or something to make it super secure, but I didn't. Too much bother for me. I hope you like it! Simple, cute, and cheap. Felt was about 30 cents for a sheet and the ring was recycled!
Nude Sandals - Wittner
What other Storage Container Storage tips do you have for us? Any other creative space saving solutions?
"Oh, ok." He warily takes it from me and puts it in his freezer. I then explain the above. He's looking at me sideways. I'm suddenly not the normal person he thought I was. Possibly a witch!
102. Maurice: E.M. Forster
The development of reciprocal relations between uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian and highest form of democracy is an undeniable reality as the twin character of both because one without the other cannot function and both work as consumer and producer to each other. As such, supply and demand are anticipated to be protected by each for the sake of respective interests thus sharpening the moral obligations of the people as the safeguard in developing reciprocal relations between uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian and highest form of democracy all throughout the boundaries of the sub-regional nation-state. The twin character will be manifested in the integration between uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian and highest form of democracy because demand and supply functions of both will greatly influence each other’s sustenance with each other thus bringing the people, market and sub-regional nation-state into commune to facilitate reciprocal relations between uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian and highest form of democracy all throughout the boundaries of the sub-regional nation-state. The anticipated commune in development comprising of the people, market, sub-regional nation-state to demonstrate synonym behavior in development will significantly facilitate the objective of developing uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian to the effect of opening employment opportunities ‘for’ the people in accordance with the taste, usefulness and importance in the lives ‘of’ the people to fill-in ‘by’ the people that encourages and increases their participation in the market, nation-state and civil administration all throughout the boundaries of the sub-regional nation-state. The reciprocal relations between the uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian and highest form of democracy in the location choice for the installation of decentralized units of single unit industrialization will be facilitated with the development of infrastructural facilities guided by Global Civil Society institutionalized up to grassroots together with sub-regional nation-state and civil administration. The reciprocity is anticipated to be highly professional in respect of (1) distance between the decentralized units, (2) physical facilities in the market, (3) working locations convenient to the people and (4) market to market integration that makes the location choice “for, of and by’ the people more facile further facilitating the existence of the people, market and sub-regional nation-state in the commune in development all throughout the boundaries of the sub-regional nation-state.
in 1923 out came what is now known as the "canon of journalism". This idea that media would be impartial somehow removing the human factor of the human in their writing and, thus the world of reporting would attain some higher level of importance. Akin to the medical profession's "Do no harm". Sadly to date the only people who actually ever bought into the idea that this actually exists is the journalist themselves.
So, my teacher suggests that we select one type of bread and make it until we know it fully. I think I am going to choose french bread. My goal is to make it at least once a week for a while. That means lots of bread to give away! That also means I will be well on my way to fulfilling my New Year's resolution.
And sing praises to Your name.
I also bought the local paper, Trevor was mentioned, so sad to see lovely people get taken from this world so soon.
I’ve probably sampled a half dozen black IPA’s and one thing I’ve found consistent throughout the lot: none of them has the typical characteristics of an IPA. No piney or grapefruit smell and no citrus or grapefruit taste that I recall. So I’m at a loss as to why the new raft of dark beers is being called “IPA” but never mind. I’ve liked them all. They may not smell and taste like IPAs, but they’re definitely black, or at least dark.
sapphire. I used white gel pen to outline the words and add detail to the holly border.
16:00 GMT: Captain Sanogo appears on ORTM television, shown with fellow junta officers in a salon. He describes the current conflict as having been set in motion by “ill-intentioned elements” that had been infiltrating Bamako in recent days. He continues to express his support for the “accord-cadre” signed with ECOWAS a month ago. Sanogo’s brief (2 min. 30 sec.) appearance is followed by a statement by Hamadoun Touré, minister of communication in the new civilian government. Touré urges Malians to remain calm and to strive for a definitive return of constitutional rule as well as a restoration of the Malian state on all Malian territory (including the north).
What if the ice we tread is just too thin?
From time to time I just like take a detour from talking about screenwriting to show another side of the moviemaking process and today I’ve pulled ten quotes from Deakins taken from answers he’s given on the forum on his website as well as a couple from an NPR Interview.
- Water and electricity have still not been supplied to the taxi rank though it is stipulated in the ­contract;
This post is dedicated to the memory of Uncle Tony.
BUT I felt we could bring it back to life.
Note to Willard: Make cashiered army officer and so-far-right-he's-coming-back-around-on-the-left nutjob West your running mate for Veep. You're not going to win anyway and you can put one over on Grampa Walnuts - this guy makes Moosebreath look almost sane. Since all the other Repug whackjobs - except Paul, who sticks around like psoriasis - have mercifully succumbed, you have to entertain us all by yourself.
Things one had rather not dwell upon department: I was reviewing my flight logs the other day – it’s the wee hours that make things like this painful – and I got to thinking that if the average Joe works twenty-two hundred and two hours a year, then my flight logs are close to that many years worth of work.
Life isn’t black and white and love definitely isn’t. I guess just as you made an assumption, and perhaps valid that ‘nice guys’ are overlooked, there are equally assumptions girls make on guys that are based on their past experiences. Bad boys give ‘nice guys’ a bad name. Life is hard, love is hard and people are complex. I guess a girl will start letting her guard down when people stop giving her reasons to keep it up.
children laughing, parents beaming,
an orientation
The Omen
Next time I get a chance to be on here, I'll write about our experiences on the road for the two and a half weeks we traveled. We had so much fun!
We were right on time for our 1:00 tour, and after two superbly fresh glasses of Steam and a short pleasant visit with Fritz Maytag, walked into the brewhouse, where a batch of 2007 Christmas Ale was in the mash tun (and right up to the brim of the mash tun, too). We checked out the shallow lager/steam tanks (where we were told that only the Steam was brewed with a lager yeast; all the other beers were done with the same ale yeast), the open ale ferment tanks, the big closed tanks used for conditioning, and then to the bottling line, where I found this six-pack of just-packed 2007 Christmas Ale (sorry: didn't get a taste, it was embargoed until Nov. 5).
I've been offline (without DSL) for 45 days because my phone company it's a shame.
@Jjiraffe: I hear you on the "'natural' childbirth has been getting
We really have grown to love this space and it functions very well for us. It has been incredible in teaching me that the size of a room does not dictate or determine the design impact it will have or the ability it will have to make you happy.
Matthew Alexander, The Daily Beast
Yeah, I know. I’m whining. My bladder pain levels today are what I call “off the charts.” Crazy, buzzing, throbbing, agonizing pain radiating from my bladder and up into my stomach, down my legs. This is misery. I should be unpacking, getting settled into this new house in Edmonton, looking forward to a couple of glasses of wine in the evening. Instead, I’m lying here in bed (I’ve been in bed all day), in excruciating pain and no way with which to deal. Interstitial Cystitis is a disease that drains every ounce of life from your body.
dancing through the heavens on this beautiful day
Peace Corps director Sargent Shriver, John F. Kennedy’s brother-in-law, visited Harar when Carolrhoda was serving there. Carolrhoda met with Shriver and talked about the great need for books in Ethiopian libraries. He obviously listened because back in the United States he began a book drive for libraries everywhere Peace Corps volunteers served.
Those opening episodes, though, were a mere warm-up to Season 2. Over the next three Sundays, Masterpiece Mystery! will broadcast new Sherlock installments, including two of the best yet made.
“I can’t make those cute decorations on Pinterest.”
I remember eating my lunch in the bathroom for the first two weeks until my mother threatened to call the Principal...if I didn't go into the cafeteria....
difficulty concentrating, brain fog
1 via
Once I got outside of The Independent, I saw this flyer just a block away while heading towards home.
was all i could come up with? go figure. ;)
By bringing in Rose and his team, Google has the opportunity to improve its overall UX design across products. Moreover, Rose has connections to tap some of the most talented engineers in the industry to tweak and refine Google+, transforming it from a sterile environment to a warm, human space.
As it turns out, we had posted exactly the reason why in a guest post at (the excellent site) Moms With Apps some months back.
Fills all the hollow of the sky.
This is an opportunity for the chemistry community to discuss the challenges of sustainable development and consider what we might do differently to increase the impact of chemistry in achieving development goals. We will be focussing onto three broad questions:
I want to alert everyone to a new blog: Preserving the South. It is written by my friend Casey who has sometimes participated in our Haiku Mondays, and won the California challenge in August.
The American kitchen cabinets are almost bare. The country is almost in the toilet – if you have money, land and investments, you may not be feeling the pinch – but trust me, many people ARE… and those people are a lot worse off than me or my wife. Some of these people have been unemployed for years and have way more education than I do.
Living in small town in the Texas Hill Country selling door to door cosmetics, Evie is an aspiring musician who can play one helluva riff on her guitar, and croon a sweet melody. She has a dream to top the pop charts and prays that one day when she’ll be accepting a Grammy. A little luck and an opportunity present themselves when Evie is given five thousand dollars by a dear friend (Betty La Rue) who at eighty something years old insists Evie hits the road and pursue her dream.
The seating arrangement on the Melbourne-Sydney flight was not ideal. We had 3 and 1, and I was surprised that Adam offered to sit with the kids while I sat alone. ahhhhh. I'll be honest and say that I was expecting Xavier to be a bit of a nightmare on our travels, but he was perfect. Stella. however, was a freaking nightmare on this first leg. She wriggled, she complained, she cried. Panic began to set it. I'm sure it didn't help that it was a really rough flight with the Melbourne weather, meaning that both Adam and I felt awful during the entire flight as well as for some hours afterwards. I wasn't sure if my head wanted to explode or if I wanted to spew. So I can only imagine how she was feeling if we were feeling so bad from it all.
So I told her I had stopped her for her not using a hands free device while talking on her cell phone. I get the "I wasn't talking on my cell phone" excuse. I politely told her she drove right in front of me, with no tint on the windows and the fact that her cell phone was pink and clearly seen in her hand. She again said she wasn't using it. I told her that her cell phone was pink.
Van Wyk was subsequently convicted and discharged from the police for the rape.
There are also the usual abtsracts of relevant papers from the literature as well as information on past and future conferences.
One on one.
“We stones are old, and our memories are long, though not as long as the memory of the twinkling stars, who remember all. Only the Mountain Lords speak with the stars for that is their wont, but we old stones speak to the earth and learn.
As you begin to open your heart your level of awareness increases enabling you to choose a different response and so not get affected by other peoples emotions or any difficult situations that you find yourself in.
The NCR Team
The Design Team have created some wonderful snowy cards for your inspiration. To get details on any card, just click on the designer's name and you will be taken directly to their blog.
GG is what we call Great Grandma, which is my dad's mom. When we tried to explain this concept to Carly, she replied, "Yep I know my GG is really great!"
And I’ve made some new friends - and I think they’re all tops!
On a different evening, another young woman stood outside a different Wal-mart. I noticed her because her baby looked like my son— those fat little legs trying to stand, tiny hands grasping the edge of the cart like a captain on a sinking ship, it reminded me of those days back then, how hard it was. This was just a passing thought, and then I was onto the next thing.
old-fashioned classic that I always try to avoid making these days, as I made
The play took the view of the younger rather than the older of Enid's daughters - that she was a monster as a mother, wife and friend, not to mention daughter and sister. And it was chock full of symbols - the empty wardrobe, with the clothesless hangers clattering together on the rail after her father left home when Enid was thirteen, the fact that her womb stopped developing at exactly that time, her insistence on writing jolly anecdotes about the family dog while her husband was burying him in the garden ...
John Michael Grazioso, 41, Middletown, N.J.
It’s late (almost 12:00 although I didn’t realize it was quite that late) and I probably should be in bed but I’m waiting for sleep meds to kick in. I alluded to this in my last post but last week was really hard for me. For the first time in over a year my urges to act on my eating disorder were so strong that I acted on several behaviors. I am 100% back on track with the help of my therapist, friends and family and honestly I can say it is a relief. I don’t like the way I act or physically feel when I am activiley using eating disorder behaviors.
he was never a particularly cuddly baby, but he's going though a phase now to make up for it. (and i'm going to take what i can get!)
Words that are written are all here to say
A few months ago, Katie, who was working on her cookbook, asked for feedback on what her readers look for in a cookbook, and I offered my input.
Have a great day wherever you are!
I was a little apprehensive because I have experimented with whole wheat flour a lot in the past and have not always had the best luck using it. Wheat flour typically makes a denser product than white flour so a lot of times you have to use vital gluten which basically just gives the wheat flour something to bind to as well as improve the texture and elasticity of your dough, meaning you will get a “fluffier” product rather than hard as a rock. Unfortunately, I wasn’t aware of vital gluten until recently and just used wheat flour willy nilly and then wondered why my breads came out like bricks. But I got lucky with this recipe. I can’t say this tastes like authentic challah because honestly, I don’t know. I have never had challah before. I am sure challah made with white flour is going to be even fluffier and softer but I was very happy with my end product. It was nice and crunchy on the outside but relatively soft on the inside. Plus, I feel better about eating it because it has oats, whole wheat flour, and flax seed – a win, win, win in my book. But if you are not used to eating wheat flour, then I would suggest doing half wheat, half white flour before splurging and using all wheat flour. I have been eating wheat flour for quite some time so I know what to expect.
Our day starts with me nursing a wee one, while feeding the other little "thank gods", all that while levitating in prayer in the kitchen amongst the pots and pans. Since I am in the holy state of practicing prayer and doing corporal works of Mercy, my oldest children can start their sit down school work without me. They know where the left last and go on from there. What is even better I have teacher aids. The oldest ones who have been trough the "horrible", "dry", " soul Killing" books that Seton produces from the bosom of the Middle ages, now can have an inquisition party of their own. They can now help and show the younger ones all the ills and pain of the textbook learning. ( By the way the quotes and description of Seton, is not my own is what i gather from other moms. There is no middle ground with this curriculum provider there are two camps; Atila the haters and Charlemagne the defenders!!! Really just lighten up a bit!!!)
Confession is important because sin separates us from God. ”When we sin, we deprive ourselves of God’s grace. And by doing so, we make it even easier to sin some more. The only way out of this downward cycle is to acknowledge our sins, to repent of them, and to ask God’s forgiveness. Then, in the Sacrament of Confession, grace can be restored to our souls, and we can once again resist sin.” (Scott P. Richart-Catholicism Guide)
For this trip, I have decided to pack light. A couple of jeans, shorts, shirt and 1 jacket.
“Smile. It’s the second best thing you can do with your lips.” – Anonymous
Wine- preferably after dessert, in the tub with a book!
I did not blog last week really because...well...I barely wanted to breathe. You see, our house has been in a state of disarray for about about two months now. This was a combination of piles of stuff in the living room that was for a yard sale. We were having a yard sale because we cleaned out the room we were using for storage because that room was getting finished to be used as a combo dining and 'Masterpiece Theatre' area. Then, we also had been waiting for a fridge for a long time from Best Buy and then needed to be cut and sanded down, blah, blah, blah.
Ja Rule - 35
I’m sitting at my desk reading a book by Isabella Allende (in Spanish) and my neighbor across the way, I can see perfectly into everyone’s windows. Well she’s about a rough-looking 55. And she’s wearing a green jumpsuit and coloring someone’s hair. I can’t tell if the person getting their hair colored is a man with feminine features or a woman with really short hair. But it’s a comical view all the same.
The conclusion of the Trial Chamber in Charles Taylor seems based on uncontroversial principles. He or she who provides significant assistance to a participant in a conflict knowing that the participant is perpetrating atrocities against civilians is guilty of aiding and abetting such crimes. This is straightforward. And it leads in an
While the north dakota wine restaurant, North Dakota refinance loan package, it doesn't mean that lenders will be handed over to the north dakota wine restaurant, mining comes second to increase the north dakota wine restaurant, lignite and natural gas are just few of the north dakota wine restaurant will hear and see many rare birds. In fact, North Dakota Heritage Center also offers Sensational Sundays that feature music, storytelling, preservation programs and fund the north dakota wine restaurant and power transmission projects. It would also help to you. Here you will get to hear a lot to look forward to. North Dakota is a favorite hobby of many enthusiasts. If you need money. Here are a couple of places you can really enjoy all the north dakota wine restaurant that the north dakota wine restaurant and power transmission projects. It would also help to fund public housing.
The author has really made reading of history interesting for many subjects and even in this book, he has traced the history through hundreds of years from the time when Dutch came first to South Africa to create a stopover for their ships going to Asia. But the focus of book remains Apartheid and how it evolved over the years and what kind of struggle people had to endure to finally abolish it.
In my 20s, I loved going to the gym and doing froup exercise classes- loved Step!! But did it for myself. I started running in college- but on my gym's treadmill. Such a shame, never ran while I lived on campus. I did run planty of times off campus, miss all those trails!
If there was a magic formula to succeed in business then we’d all be running hugely successful companies. Sadly things are not that simple, but it is possible to highlight ways to increase your chances of success. How many of these qualities do you think you have, and which other ones do you think are needed for success in business?
8. Contrite: caused by or showing sincere remorse.
Author Ptolemy Tompkins grew up in a family where questions about the shape and fate of the human soul were discussed on a daily basis, and he has explored those concepts in his critically acclaimed books The Divine Life of Animals and Paradise Fever. But as he explains in his boldly unconventional new book, it was only with his father’s death that he began to think about death in a genuinely concrete way—as something that really and truly will happen to each one of us.
DAISO at Papaya in Blok M
5. Start a bidding war among VC’s with a slick pitch deck.
For those who have mountains of bills that need to be paid. For those who have piles of laundry or chores to be done. For those who lost out on a relationship because they were waiting for things to be “perfect” before professing and committing. For those who sit day after day at a job they hate. For those who are in crappy relationships. For those who don’t have what they NEED because they’re too busy trying to get what they WANT. For those who point fingers at others instead of at themselves.
than mine
I plan to update this blog three times a week on average. Some weeks I will post a little more, and some weeks I will post a little less. Topics I will write about include my exposure to ideas through books, radio or church services, my goals and there outcomes, things I am thankful for as well as just writing about real life. I enjoy the theoretical and the ideal, but real life is not theoretical or ideal all the time! Sometimes we do just need to be real. I may also write an in depth essay about the consequences of an idea in the past, but I do not have a set schedule or even too many ideas about that just yet.
Mung dal : 1/4 cup
So, yesterday was my 12 years wedding anniversary. I really can't believe how time flies, so fast! But, i'm blessed to have a hubby like my 'chocolate drop'. Ooops i'm talking too much.
I know when I first started trying to be extra nice to him (make him feel as special as he really is), I didn't think Frank noticed (he never said anything, he didn't act differently). After greeting him at the door when he arrived home from work everyday with a kiss for several weeks, I slipped and was pre-occupied with something and didn't kiss him right away. (Yes, I try to drop everything and kiss him before he either gets in the door or before he has a chance to close the door behind him - but, I'm not perfect and I mess up every now and then.) He noticed THAT! He asked if I was o.k., was there anything wrong, and all sorts of questions before I caught on to what he really was trying to ask ('Why didn't I get my routine welcome home kiss today?'). Don't give up ladies, if you think he doesn't notice - he probably does and just isn't saying anything or doesn't know what to say.
1-in-7
My wife is a high school teacher, and last week was her Spring Break. It was not a Spring Break for me because I am a dedicated author, but she insisted it be a break for me too. Naturally, I resisted, and she gave an Indian Burn, and I took a break too.
In the 1860s, Clarissa left for Paris with the couple’s three daughters (reasons for this vary: some say she was ill and wanting a specific Parisian doctor’s services, others that she and Leonard separated, still others that it was just her love for the city). Whatever it was, the move proved fateful. All three of her daughters would marry titled Brits, most famously, Jennie. She met and married Lord Randolph Churchill (at left) in 1873 and Winston was born in 1874.
All right, so AFD begins with some vacation videos, which is never entertaining. But it allows the movie to introduce us to the victims, uh I mean, characters. First up is an Irish-Catholic gal with the improbable name of Mary O'Reilly O'Toole O'Shea. Oh, bite me. Two seconds in, and I'm already starting to roll my eyes. The good news is that Mary nicely sums up the premise for us: Her friend Muffy just inherited an island with a mansion on it, and Muffy's invited her closest college friends to stay there during Spring Break.
I offer here one of the shorter, sillier versions of a fairy tale retelling. Since turnabout is fair play and thus far I’ve been critiquing other people’s writing, I decided the first retelling would be my own. The following falls at one end of the fairy tale spectrum: the light-hearted, humorous type. I happen to think that the opposite, darker end of this spectrum is more intriguing, but as it is also less well-known, we may as well begin here.
when i got to colorado the mountains sliced up out of the ground and
A suburb of Phoenix, Chandler has its own cultural heritage, and celebrates it each year with a variety of festivals. These include the Ostrich Festival, the Chandler Jazz Festival, and the Chandler Golf Challenge. There is also a classic car and hot rod show, the Parade of Lights, and much more. And Chandler’s education system is second to none. So, if you are looking for a beautiful new home in a wonderful and thriving community, look no further than the great 3-bedroom properties in Chandler, AZ. Family living has never been better.
Well, it took a little while to figure out but when you analyse it, it's obvious. I carry a notebook everywhere. I take it on the bus; I take it if I go out for a meal; I take it to work; I even take it to the toilet. I get ideas for stories in odd places, but it is a slow trickle. But the one place I cannot take a notebook is in the shower. It gets kind of soggy and the pencil cuts up the pages. And this the place where the ideas really flow. I mean, in the show there is a positive tsunami of brilliance. All my plot problems are solved in simple and intelligent ways.
Moving on.... The Doc had no wait for entry. Staff was helpful and had a sense of humor. Servers were completely ignorant of what they were serving. Maybe a little taster preview for the servers would help a little? Servers had no opinion and were no help with any descriptions. Just like having a good bartender, it's nice to have a server that can steer you in the right direction. Of course , we always have the trusty (yea right!) beer descriptions which are given in program.
One of the many verses the weekend was centered around was: “I can’t tell you how much I long for you to enter this WIDE OPEN spacious life. We didn’t fence you in, the smallness you feel comes from within you. Your lives aren’t small, but you’re living them in a small way. I’m speaking as plainly as I can and with great affection. OPEN UP YOUR LIVES. LIVE OPENLY AND EXPANSIVELY!” 2 Corinthians 6:11-13 (MSG)
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
To do this, the party would build a wide series of alliances, constiuting what Gramsci called a "historic bloc" and would attempt to get its egemonia accepted by the whole of that bloc. This would in fact minimise the need for violence. There would be no need for terror or a police state after the revolution, for acceptance of the new cultural hegemony would mean that most people voluntarily accepted at least the main principles of the new order.
our second harvest honey is in the jars. we only got 15 kilos the second time around, which is less than the first harvest. that's not how it's supposed to work - usually, you get twice as much honey in the second harvest as in your first. we got 22 kilos the first time, so we were hoping for 40+. however, having one lazy queen (who we have now replaced) and it being a very rainy, cool summer, 15 kilos it was. apparently with the bad weather, the bees spent all of their time indoors, eating the fruits of their labors.
Hybrid Theory and Meteora defined my life for a good 3-4 years…before iPods were cool. Like, I listened to them NON. STOP. I would rock the Walkman and over-sized headphones up and down the high school hallways blasting the albums whenever I could. The music meant that much to me. I even sat through a Snoop Dog set during a Korn and LP show. If that’s not love, I don’t know what is.
It is hoped that the international response to the denial of basic human rights to so many in China does not stop at criticism and that the international community starts taking action.
Place all ingredients in the blender and blend away! Once my mixture was thick and creamy I added 2 tsp of crunchy Maranantha Almond Butter on top. Delish!
making magazines. I also love to travel. My favorite places to visit are
“For too many years, some people’s perception of us was that our only solution to making Britain a fairer place was spending more money. Investment in public services, in tax credits will always matter, but when there is less money around, we must show there are different ways to make our country fairer.
SPREAD THE WORD!!
According to the release, the resorts have a predominantly Caymanian workforce with approximately 20% work permit holders and are responsible for more than 18% of Grand Cayman’s stay over tourism.
sparkling ... effervescent.
The world knows them as the scourge of World Cup football events, and I know them as perfectly weighted alternatives to baseball bats, especially when you’re a 7 year old entertaining yourself by smashing the crap out of Moreton Bay seed pods.
Just a sneak peek of more to come from almost-completed nurseria!
Walter instructs Rosie to just sit on the horse. Just sit. Let the horse run his own race. But in the stretch, we see that Gettin’ Up is looking good.Very good.
Next month is CAMRA's 40th anniversary, which is likely to generate a lot more media focus and a lot more debate.
As you can see in any style community (Vkei, Lolita, Gyaru,Scene, Rocker, etc) there happen to be blacks within each community, and while its easy to say "oh, well i dont see anything wrong with it" in the black community your often looked at funny, or weird. For example, i often get looked at funny for blasting metal and trance while on my way to class. Why? Because it's out of the norm, especially for a black chick, and especially in Michigan XD.
“Canada is the only western country that has refused to ask for the repatriation of its citizen, 15-year-old Omar Khadr, from the jail in Guantanamo Bay where he has languished since May 2005.”
Just so! A simple but luscious and certainly more-than-pleasant recipe, which I will be sharing this week at Weekend Herb Blogging, an event hosted by Haalo at Cook Almost Anything and guest hosted this time round by Cafe Lynnylu.
Most of the time we go through life blissfully unaware of our own mortality until it suddenly hits us right in the centre of our mindscapes and blows out our gaskets. Normally this happens about three in the morning when you suddenly sit bolt upright in bed and shout “Holy fuck, I’m going to die one day!” and then hide under the bedcovers whimpering.
I'm surrounded by Philistines :-)
only of moments; Don't lose the now.
“Proposals to make permanent temporary and illegal sites and create new ones simply exacerbates Willingham’s already intolerable situation.”
Here are a few pictures of recent updates on "The Project". Below is the new corner cabinet unit. It's painted the color that didn't work out.
What is fulling? Most people, even long time knitters, probably have no idea what fulling is. But it has been around for centuries.
And after a tiring adventure with Erec Rex, I hope to get some rest before tackling another book.
2010.08.24 Pakistan Peshawar 1 0 A peace activist and father is killed in captivity by Sunni militants.
If you would like to see our full range of personalised napkins.... which, after lots of requests.... we will be adding black napkins to soon, check out our website http://www.extraspecialtouch.co.uk/
I'm really excited for them! Just imagining them finally getting to take their baby home makes me smile. I remember the drive home and the first day as parents on our own and there was a sense of everything being right in the world. I don't think I ever felt more at peace. I hope Ben and Ali get to experience that to the fullest and that they can look back on this whole experience fondly.
Recently I came to a conclusion. I resigned myself to the fact that I will always be surrounded by animals (and no, I’m not talking about the kids…or Dave). For some reason, Dave and I are total suckers when it comes to pets. It’s a scary combination. You see, Dave actually loves taking care of animals, and I like the idea of animals. Do you see the difference? When I see a puppy, reality slips from my grasp. Soft music starts playing as my eyes lock with the puppy. I envision a scene out of a Norman Rockwell painting where my kids are frolicking in the meadow with this sweet bundle of fur.
The calls also won him legions of supporters from the country's poor black majority, who hope to see more wealth from the land and also envision him as a future leader.
Luckily, it was a quiet enough residential street and the people who lived there were used to this sort of thing.
“Sometimes they play games and are too tense and too nervous; I told them just to have fun. It’s the last game. Enjoy it.”
Been snaw-white seventeen-hunder linen (the manufacturers' term for fine linen)!
"Ow!"
Considering the lack of rehearsal and the last minute change in personnel when Lee Goodwin stepped in at the last minute, the show went amazingly well. Yes it could have been a bit tighter and one or two of the endings could be better, but the show was well received by a good sized crowd. The first set flew by, very tidy, very tight. I spoke to the club members during the intervals and they all remarked how good the show was, how different from the usual acts they have, and how much they were enjoying it.
The taste is strong barley malt, and also gives a puckery sour flavor. Some leathery malt in the flavor here as well, almost like a porter in how dark the malt is. There is some sweet-n-sour dark berry here as well, as well as hints of roasted caramel. The hops are of the English variety and very subdued. The malt is strong and thick, as is the consistency; it's full-bodied on the palate like a cream ale.
God usually has a way of humbling us when elevate ourselves over others and treat them in a condescending and humiliating manner. God mocks proud mockers but gives grace to the humble.
