4- Light a cig and continue to paint the figure. Yeah! That’s it! And the results are way more than satisfactory. At least for me. The bare plastic around the painted example gives me a comparison to check how real the effect looks. I think it will do great.
Neither Barb nor I would pass up a knitting pattern we liked that was listed as “Advanced”. As a pack to ourselves this year, each joint project that we do is specifically to learn a new technique – that is new to both of us. Doing the Norwegian Star slippers, we learned twined knitting. Looking inside of the slipper you can see how twined knitting looks. See that there are not any “carry along” strings. Each stitch gets twined or twisted before it is knit.
Most of our Azaleas around here are evergreen,,,this one is deciduous, BUT when it blooms it is gorgeous and you can't bottle or buy THAT fragrance!
Whites: B000, Promarker CG1, Blender
In his first address to a joint session of the United States Congress, on Dec. 26, 1941, he told the assembly, “If my father had been American and my mother British, instead of the other way ‘round, I might have got here on my own!”
Mix the custard powder with 1/4 cup of milk and set it aside.
And since I didn't post earlier today, I'm going to go ahead and share a little project that Emily and I worked on this afternoon. She was assigned a state report, and chose the state of Texas. My friend Phyllis loaned us the 50 States cart, and we used a few others as well. So here's some pics of how it turned out. I did most of the Cricut cutting since we were in a bit of a hurry, but Em helped make the decisions, assemble things, and did all of the writing after we read about each state symbol.
Honest words from the parasite lawyer.
Two pounds ( so far) to be exact.....
A friend pinned these and as soon as I saw them I was in love. They are so colourful and fun and I figured they would make a unique party bag filler. I got the tutorial from here but I despite having close to 40 cookie cutter ( yes I know) I didn't have a donkey so settled for a large heart.
The phone rang. Serendipity. And yippy. I answered and it was her, squawking out,”Well where the fuck have you been, hiding out with trolls?”
(note: This is inspired by a player in the weekly game whose character Martin the Ineluctable recently made very effective use of the Levitation spell.)
After happning, Socrates became famous and Ella works in Centrepoint. They feel happy days in the end.
5/19 Brooklyn, NY - Glasslands
11 until
I loved this book and can't wait to talk about it.
because i need it, girl!
I couldnt come up with a quirky sentiment so didnt add one, the die cut i used is a nestie label that i cut in half to add on the corners to string my ribbon through, and i used an Xcut die doorplate to cut my image, love this shape. And unfortunately i dont recall what die the flourish is as i take my things out of the boxes when i unpack my new items.
Ribbon for bow
Darryl James is an award-winning author of the powerful new anthology “Notes From The Edge.” James’ stage play, “Love In A Day,” opened in Los Angeles this Spring and will be running throughout 2011. View previous installments of this column at www.bridgecolumn.proboards36.com. Reach James at djames@theblackgendergap.com.
We drove through the desert of New Mexico, across the plains of Northern New Mexico and into the mountains of Colorado. We stopped at Trinidad Brewing Company for lunch. This is the smallest brewpub I have ever seen. They only had two beers on tap. Satan and I had their Mexican Lager, a cloudy, golden beer that was light a crisp. A slice of lime dropped into the beer made it special.
"No. When you die, consciousness ceases. The only way to come back is if Jehovah raises you again to live in paradise on Earth."
"Yes." He answered quickly again.
This is also a good time for winding up unfinished projects, letting go of grievances and losses and focus on the coming year.
MH: What is it about Aikido that has kept you involved for 16 years? Have you been looking to work in your interest into a book for a while?
People don’t go camping in great big forests, but in wide open fields. This is one of my most difficult things to get over, and I don’t think I’ll ever reconcile myself with it. We have found a few places with trees to camp, but by and large big ass fields seem to be the order of the day. People also often equate trips to the beach with bringing a big windbreak (like a portable wall, seriously) and heavy rainfall.
I secured the Owls onto their own tag and then after punching a hole l threaded lost of ribbon through it. The ribbon at the bottom was just a short piece of cord knotted each end then a smaller ribbon wrapped round it. The images were not coloured in just printed out and then carefully cut out. Each owl had its own pocket. All the edges of the papers were inked with a distressing ink.
i remember the time …
e) What's your budget? i.e. how much can you spend and still be able to afford food, pay your rent, anything else you want to do, etc.
Social media has an important function in business, and is a must for every corporation. One does not need to use all social media outlets, but your business should pick at least one, commit to keeping it up-to-date and stay immersed in those communities. There are three platforms we believe to be the best for growing your company. You should look at your company and decide what would logically benefit you the most. We’ll give some examples and leave it up to you to decide what works best for your company.
First I tried all the wines and they were a pretty good line up of Carmenères from different regions – even a rosé, which looked gorgeous and I had great hopes for, but when tasted it didn’t excite me actually and was not a good match with the food either.
Looking out into Cameron Highlands from my hotel window the morning came early, as it usually does, with crowing roosters and barking dogs. It never fails, where ever i happen to be, could be NYC or here in Malaysia, the damn roosters always wake me up. So off to breakfast. I had breakfast at a local backpacker spot known for the good pancakes.
Without a real demand for interesting data, library statistics will remain at the margin of our professional discussions. I am not saying that statistics is a VIS – a Very Important Subject. Statistics is more like cartography. It provides a framework for rational decisions. Without statistical data, we act blindly. Maps are useful for everybody. With statistics, we may still disagree about our route – but not about the nature of the landscape.
The decision of whether to buy an iPhone or Android phone isn’t as simple as tallying up the winners above and choosing the phone that triumphed in more categories (7-5 for the iPhone, with one tie, for those counting). That’s because all of the categories won’t count for the same amount to all people. Some people will value hardware or carrier choice more, while others will care more about battery life or mobile gaming.
In this game with no end.
After watching the apple picking episode of Caliou for the million time and wanting to indulge in fall festivities, I scoured the tristate for a You Pick Apple Orchard. Let me tell you, they're a dying breed.
When we roll a 6 sided die, we would not have any chance of knowing the outcome of the roll with our un-enhanced, physical senses. For the sake of any dice game, we call this random. But, if we adjust the weight of the die so that it will more often come up with a six, it may still appear random to others, but we know it will not be.
Let's hope we all get a chance to see them.
I created, personalized, and saved some business thank you cards and birthday cards in my account that I may order sometime in the future. After you have saved your cards you can then go back and edit them and/or add them to you cart when you're ready to order. I did notice that from time to time when I went back to add my saved cards to my order that they didn't always show the picture I had chosen in the preview process. This only happened with the saved cards and not ones that are created and added to the checkout process initially or when you go back to edit a card from your cart. I'm not sure if this was due to the browser I was using (Google Chrome) or just a snag in their saved card process. In any event it was no big deal to go back and add the picture again or just go back to my cart and chose the edit link before checking out.
Randy Rooster crowed, refusing to allow another of his harem to be taken to the chopping block. All chicks attacked on cue. First target was Farmer John's eyes. Didn't see it coming.
The release opens with the excellent short instrumental Litrosis, its brewing and sinister ambience a rousing battle cry and epic introduction to the sounds ahead. Epic horns, vocal harmonies, and an atmosphere announcing a titanic force ahead, lead straight into Insomniac’s Lullaby. The song ruptures defences with blistering riffs and a scorching melodic guitar before rampaging with full intensity across the senses, trampling them under foot with devastating rhythms and grizzled venom spraying vocals. It is a reasonably expected type of black metal attack but with insurgent and imaginative solo and guitar meanderings which impress deeply.
What saddens me is that probably 90% of American voters already believe that we are a Democracy because of the twisted words of Ms Polosi and what used to be a free press.
She went through many weeks of hitting, having accidents, not sleeping and generally regressing in every way she could, and attempting to get attention however possible. Even if that meant throwing a shoe at me while I was nursing Ace, or throwing a full cup of milk at Gramma who was changing a diaper. The list goes on, but the point is, things are better. She has become more accepting of the fact that we are often busy and we've become more creative at finding things for her to do, and times that are just for me and her, Daddy or Gramma and her, or other fun outings.
I'm a huge fan of fantasy and Scifi and the stories about Atlantis and the Bermuda Triangle have been firm favourites of mine since I was about 13years old! So when it came to designing some projects to give you ideas for what you can do with border stamps by Lost Coast Designs I was immediately inspired by the borders that seemed to have the feeling of water and my art card story developed from there. So come with me on my Creative Adventure and delve into the mystery...
UPDATE 16 April 2010: Alt-Right's ongoing construction of a fictional Auster is Auster's lame reply to "ignorant and off-base statements about me". He complains that:Every time an article about me appears at Richard Spencer's website Alternative Right, which is not an infrequent event, it attributes to me, without evidence, without any quotations from my writings, views that I do not have and that I have never stated and that frequently are the opposite of my actual views. There have been so many such false attributions, particularly in Richard Spencer's long article, "Austercized" (which I only gave a careful reading recently, after Spencer's podcast interview of me), and in Richard Hoste's blog entries about me, and it would take so much work and time to reply to them all, and there are so many more pressing and more interesting things to write about, that I've put off replying to them so far, though I will try to get around to it.
I wouldn’t say I’m a complete convert to seamed garments, but I am less dismissive of patterns with a lot of finishing and am banishing my negativity at the prospect. And actually, sewing up my heart with little neat stitches was almost therapeutic in it’s own way, a virtue I’ve previously attributed only to the knitting bits of a project.
Box. No. Contents
Well, my friend, look up: on panel four, she's the girl running away from the painting. She escaped, Winnie replaced her, logical, isn't it? Ah, but I see you're well ahead of me, you're already reading a book about the painting. Interesting stuff, isn't it? The orgy was painted in 1868 by a certain Donald Wanderlanger, and it was claimed that he killed one his models during the process, but no one could find the body. Hmmm, maybe he didn't kill her after all, maybe he just trapped her into the painting.
So when we hear about the Prime Minister and his First Lady (apologies to Her Majesty the Queen) spending spree, from birthday bashes to engagement parties and overseas holidays, most want to puke, or at the very least, pull out their hairs, even knock their heads on the wall.
The article, by Julie Bosman, quotes authors, book stores and publishers, all of whom concur: the picture book is fading. While kids still read Seuss, they’re off to Steinbeck sooner rather than later, in part because their parents don’t want them piddling around with pictures. The parents want them doing “real” reading.
SHADING: black, warm gray 90&, warm gray 70%
First I want to let everyone know that I was able to come home from the hospital last night. I woke up Easter morning in my own bed next to my beautiful wife, and I guess I slept pretty good. Everyone's glad to have me home, even though I'm still just some lump on the couch half the time.
Hermione is an only child, but ends up with an honorary family. I'm an only child, but only biologically. My cousins and I were raised very closely- we saw them about once a month, I think. Being the second oldest, I learned pretty early most of the lessons that come with having siblings. We're closer than most cousins. Besides them, I've been lucky to have grown up in one church, resulting in a church family; I've become so close with a few my friends AND their families that I'm often referred to as the extra daughter; and I have two sisters I met on youth group retreats; we mutually recognized our sisterhood within hours of our first meeting. These are not just friends, they are family.
Depression – yay, good times ahead.
With only a week left before my flight home, I took off even further south. The only tourist on the bus, I certainly stood out like a sore thumb. I spent only half a day in Golfito, just long enough to catch the ferry across to Puerto Jimenez.
Sunday night I thought it would be fun to make fried rice. I have tried this once in the past and totally screwed it up...so I wanted to give it another shot. It actually turned out really yummy, and I'll definitely be making this again sometime. It's a great fast and low-cost meal for a weeknight, and I love that.
So the chosen one was the twin-tailed gold fish. Simple, big, something that can be easily replaced without the knowing of a little one.
This is an international giveaway as well. I don't care what country you are from. Enter away my dears!
"In the same way, let your light shine before men, that they may see your good deeds and and praise your Father in Heaven!" (Matthew 5:16)
Fortunately, Cisco's Bakery is just a short drive from the airport. Once we settled down to cups of coffee and plates of migas, my cranium slowly began to loosen and I regained the ability to speak in semi-complete sentences without mumbling. All I need now is one more day off.
I know that's more than twelve books, but some of them are quite short.
Springtime is filled with lots of celebratory occasions from Easter to Mother’s Day to Memorial Day and I like to take full advantage of these opportunities to break out the fine china and snazzy linens and start cracking open the eggs.
Well my blog readers are not my sishyas.. they just stumble in cause google brought them take what words they want, using this as one of their multiple sources of information and they are off. I have closed my university, and have just one student left and yes I do listen carefully to what she has to say.
One of the most influential of these independent bishops was Joseph René Vilatte, an Old Catholic missionary in Wisconsin, who sought and received consecration as bishop from the Syrian Jacobite Church in 1892 in Ceylon and subsequently consecrated several other bishops in North America and France who consecrated numerous other bishops in turn.
Get into elevator or climb a couple of flights of stairs. Stand in line, or grab a number and sit....wait...wait...wait...
Let us pray this morning that we can learn to become masters at giving others the benefit of the doubt.
When he finally slept, he dreamed: Paris on the fourteenth of July, the fireworks, bursts of blue, of gold, of red above the city. A whirling rocket going up with a hiss and a bang. Then a louder bang. Then a bang that threw up a great shower of dirt and stones, and people screaming, people running as the shells began to fall—
But, when I think of it, it's another way that I make my art too. I'll re-use my artwork, but never in the same way. I make prints, but I always go farther with the prints and "dream" a bit different from the originals.....
Here is the list of ideas for advertising–there are more and I’ll add to the list as we go along. I’m certainly not an expert in all these, but I’ve dabbled in all of them. I’ll try to relate my experience and the degree of that experience to you.
Mitch announced BEER was the winner.
Today I have the great pleasure of being the host on Day 15 of the Virtual Blog Tour of fellow author Charlene M. Proctor whose book The Oneness Gospel: Birthing the Christ Consciousness and Divine Human in You just launched on Amazon yesterday Tuesday April 24, 2012.
Cover a 42-oz, oatmeal box with colored paper, than add strips of additional colors. Weight down the container with 2” of pebbles, than add Styrofoam scraps to help stabilize the arrangement. “Viola!”
Like many vehicles, the Jetta TDI has been subject to a recall over the last few years. In this instance, all Volkswagen and Audi TDI models were recalled for a fuel leak issue. It applies to all Jetta TDI models built between May 2008 and September 2011.
You will also see info on a version of Collage Camp where I will show you how to hand-tint your photo transfers.
I am a huge fan of the pre-cooked and marinated Tofu from Wildwood. I tend to eat half a pack when I’m on the run and looking for a snack, but their flavored tofu also goes great in a variety of dishes. I made this stir fry the other day, and then again for lunch today. It seriously tastes like heaven.
Meanwhile, shares of SMRT Corp Ltd has dropped to a 29-month low, after it posted a sharp fall in quarterly earnings and reduced its final dividend, prompting several brokers to cut their ratings on the stock.
If sticking it out for two-and-a-half episodes of Season 1 and one episode this season can be called trying, the Siren has tried with "Mad Men". She sees the attraction, even if the hype blows her mind--everything from Banana Republic to Barron's, for heaven's sake. The Siren admires the cinematic qualities of the series, the fluid camerawork, the carefully angled shots, the flawless integration of sets and costumes. It's pretty. The actors are pretty. The period detail is enough to warm an old-movie hound's heart. But on the whole, the Siren just doesn't dig it.
And this is a crying shame, because the welfare system does need reforming. This needs to be based on evidence of what doesn’t work and wastes limited resources, rather than on sloppy tabloid language and cherry-picking of Beveridge quotes.
I am technically an Independent Contractor and not an employee of this organization. I've signed a one year contract to act as their Project Coordinator in Colorado Springs. It is a job that holds deep meaning for me and I am so excited to be able to do it! Unfortunately, I need to be vague about it on the blog.
No offense Greyseer — I’m just not that good at drawing guys! And I knew I’d have a hard time expressing the awesomeness that is Tharion, because he looks totally badass.
With new citizens like Angelo Marc Jandugan supplanting native Singaporeans, it may be their responsibility to make us feel ‘welcome’ in Singapore instead.
While I have pointed that the hardware shown in the anatomy chapter isn’t necessarily of the RB6, what is on show is obviously genuine and recent RBR. So for those not so familiar with the cars constituent parts, there isn’t a better source of this available in print today. Even web resources will fail to have such a comprehensive breakdown of an F1 car.
Let us pass the time with batting cages, wrestling, feats of strength competitions, shuffleboard courts, and driving ranges.
Dance with me
Castin' out a line to the darkness
He lies over the desk in the study. The angle of his neck is wrong and from where I am sitting, I can see the side of his dead eye and thick blood at the corner of his mouth…
don’t change the market for food
When Jesus
I've never had a problem with applying colours but i was really worried that the roots and ends would come out completely different as i have lots of colour on my hair and obviously none on the roots.
Patent lawsuits have been filed against HTC and Blackberry-maker RIM by Nokia. The Finnish mobile phone giant, which is suffering from stiff competition, argues that its rivals had failed to pay a licence to use its intellectual properties relating to features such as power management, application stores, navigation and data encryption. 45 patents are at stake.
In all 23 cases the vehicles' electronic data recorders showed the car's throttle was wide open and the brake was not depressed. In other words, the drivers were stepping on the gas pedal, not the brake.
number AA 261 DGS,” the
-Keep battery operated flashlights and radios at home, in the car, and at work. Even if your iPhone has a flashlight and a radio app, you still want to keep these old standards for safety’s sake.
(It’s a lot easier for me to illustrate an intuitive’s thought process. Honestly I have no idea what sensors are thinking about. If you have a clue, let me know in the comments!)
Every one has secrets–things they would prefer others did not know or find out–including me. But at some point, we face our Maker, and He knows what is true already–right down to our core; giving over our secrets to Him brings healing and peace. So, I ache alongside those who carry secrets for so long–for too long. Secrets are scary and heavy, and they chase us around.
“I was very concerned to learn that councils in my own region had large numbers of at-risk children, with 116 unallocated cases in the Swansea Council and 120 in Bridgend.”
The Nature of Jade by Deb Caletti.
the title is a “pun”: イロハ (iroha) is the Japanese equivalent of the “ABC” concept in the roman alphabet, is also the name of this vocaloid.
*The government of England is a government of law. We betray ourselves, we contradict the spirit of our laws, and we shake the whole system of English jurisprudence, whenever we entrust a discretionary power of the life, liberty, or fortune of the subject to any man or set of men, whatsoever, upon a presumption that it will not be abused……May 25, 1771
2) ‘American Citizen’ Kevin Scott (R) reaffirmed his #1 Republican status
A number of impressive studies (cf. Tagg 1979, Fornäs 1985, Fornäs et al. 1988/1995, Roe & Carlsson (eds) 1990, Berkaak 1993, Lindberg 1995, Bjurström 1997, Michelsen 1998) have been published and network ties been developed, (1) but strikingly little has-been said about Nordic popular music, its place within the global picture or the national cultural scenes. Especially missing is a critical reflection on the Anglo-centric bias in popular music studies as well as in popular music itself.
2 Fire Engines
At the conclusion of American Music we see how the past and present stories are related. But this is not the key point. Once the past is fully encountered and understood, Mendelsohn tells us, we can’t hold on to it. Once it has served its purpose (once our relatives have lived and died for us) it is time to let the past (and them) go.
Father, thank You for blessing us in various ways by the people around us. Help us to be attentive to their needs as well, so that we can be a blessing to them. Refresh our minds again today about practical ways that we can help them, then nudge our hearts to follow through on those thoughts. In Jesus’ name, Amen.
Make sure once you check out this post you go on over to visit Carrie on her blog and let her know you loved her post too!
Accused of corruption, Hashim Rexhepi, the governor of Kosovo’s central bank, was arrested, detained for four months and released, and has now been awaiting trial for almost five months. The rulings issued in his case never discuss the evidence, as court decisions should, but merely evoke its existence.
Change C4 to 1000p Polystyrene capacitor
Q. What do you believe God is saying to you? Is there a stirring in your heart? What decision have you made in response to this?
“I told you someone would be looking for me,” she said, seething. Her words slipped through tightly clenched lips like a hiss.
have come to be my night (your body takes on
Funniest of all is the desperate measures taken by Rams and Evangeli to deny that they had supported the car park scheme in the first place. Mrs Angry simply cannot be bothered to tear this ludicrous claim apart - and anyway Mr Reasonable has done a fine job on this already - take a look:
and the unfortunate reality
In Rashi, Elie Weisel gives us a very brief overview of the life, times and works of one of his spiritual guides and mentors and one of the great Jewish thinkers of all time. It really is nothing more than a tantalizing glimpse, enough to whet one's appetite for more. Or, if you're of a mind to become acquainted with a great thinker and scholar, perhaps enough. Myself, I'd like to read and understand more about this thinker's influence on Judaism and ultimately the world at large, because much of his work was translated into Latin and influenced Medieval thought about the Old Testament.
I'm about to do a play that I love while also producing the very small production( you better come check it when it's up and running)
D: "Hey Mom, what's blue and lives on the moon?"
Current Weight: 179
That’s when he shot her!
-I will randomly select one winner a week from today, on Monday January 31st!
I got off the canal towpath just after the Harrison Park Moorings and found the park really busy (perhaps that's where everybody goes in Edinburgh on a Bank Holiday) with football being played, frisbees thrown, kids on swings & roundabouts, and even an al-fresco student party/picnic. Towards the edge of the park the cherry blossom trees were in full bloom - really quite something.
Let's take a look at the original pantry that the home was blessed with:
Dead Guy Ale; with what I thought was a small child skeleton with a Pope's hat and a tankard of beer on the label; initailly; had to be first up for tasting. However; thankfully; it's apparently not a small child; it's just a skeleton wearing a beehive hat; so you can drink easy my friends!!...
She doesn't believe me. She thinks I just did my work late and lied to her, and that I should have fully known where the stupid pile was. GREAT! Now I'm a liar!? If there's one thing about me, it's that I always try to be honest. I HATE being called a liar.
The company's lawyer added: "Leaf Trading Cards is disappointed that it was forced to submit this matter to the judicial system. We are confident, however, that the court will find that Leaf has the right to produce and sell the Andrew Luck trading cards."
Some nice breaks from the fighting involve episodes where the Z Fighters are assessing their options. Piccolo makes the difficult decision to fuse with Kami, the god of Earth to become the single Namekian he once was. Kami, however, feels that there's a greater threat walking the Earth than the Androids Piccolo and company just got their insides kicking out by. Krillin and the remaining fighters decide to move the ailing Goku to Master Roshi's place to keep him safe from the approaching Androids. While all this is happening, Trunks tries to sort out just why things are panning out the way they are. Things get even more complicated when Bulma faxes them a photo of a second time machine that appears aged with tons of moss sticking to it. Looks like Trunks was not the only time traveler.
Day 010 – August 1, 2011
There are very few people who take up the challenge build their own flight sim cockpit and enjoy their custom made gadgets.
I have read hundreds of posts online in which transmen have described having that word used on them. I personally know nearly a dozen masculine presenting genderqueers who have been attacked while in public for being a "tranny"
The center, however, was another story. Men tend to smash against uruks like waves on the rocks. And that’s what happened. My only advantage was that the sniping casualties would get him making Courage checks once the army got broken, but having 2 characters in there meant he didn’t have to check much. When my force broke, it was another thing entirely. After several rounds of combat where it was really not clear who would win (specially because every figure checks courage every turn, so you get unexpected casualties). In the end the uruks were outnumbering the Gondorians and it was easy to kill them.
Opposing Islamism means you will always be called racist by the media, the UAF and others.
The feeling never completely leaves
perspective
Why the hell would you screw what seems to be at least a functional piece with that Pure Cheese tribal PLEATHER scabbard??
Even after the arrival of French women, it was common for wealthy whites to keep mulatto mistresses. Still, the color line was well observed when it came to marriage. The few white men who married mulattos were shunned by white society and stripped of many rights-with the French government’s approval. One priest who had refused marriage to a white and a mulatto was commended by a French minister who wrote: “His Majesty’s pleasure is not to permit the mixing of the bloods; your prevention of the marriage in question is therefore approved.”
With a benign look;
And even though I really love you
The smell of the bread would travel through her house and waft out the windows and doors to beacon me inside when I returned home from school. The fragrance of fresh-baked bread led me to a safe, warm, kitchen after a long day at school. My traveling feet found a place to rest in Estella's kitchen. Estella's bread had a way of resetting my heart and mind on good things, even after a hard day.
Recently I got an iPhone that has enough memory to house all my music. I downloaded as much as I could onto iTunes and am planning to offload tons of CDs. I've posted many of them on swapacd.com, and others I will donate. But that needs to be finished.
But as I continued reading, I was suddenly disagreeing. “New York is easy for foreigners as they are not expected to speak the local language.” Huh? I never heard a waitress or store clerk busting out the Chinese or French to a sad sack who couldn’t speak English. And he goes on: “Anywhere in the city, you are not really expected to master the local language: the shopkeepers will adapt to the foreigner’s way. This is unheard of in Paris.”
Sara Kate has become our laid back child. She usually eats second because she is much more patient than her brother. She rarely cries unless she is starving, hurt or wayyyy tired. She loves to sleep in the swing and has become quite the little Bumbo lady. She loves to sit up (assisted of course) and look around. She is very interested in what is going on around her. She loves to dress up (okay, okay, I love to dress her up!) and wear bows. She has been sleeping all night and is usually all smiles in the morning when she wakes up. She has such a great disposition and like her brother she has a darling little smile. She does not talk quite as much as her little brother, but she will coo for us every now and then. She likes her paci, but can do without it too. She is such a sweetie pie.
Happy third birthday, little man. I love you.
Girls’ Generation make you feel the heat
Written on the pages
The scarab beetle (symbol of Renewal and Endurance), by local artist Topsy Grewlike, is made up of Sage, Baltic, Tyne and Millenium Bridges. All are visible in the background from this position in the Ouseburn Valley.
I just love her blog which contains such a wealth of information!
Then this kitchen goodie.....seen better days,
- In Bahrain, a male doctor may legally examine a woman’s genitals but is forbidden from looking directly at them during the examination; he may only see their reflection in a mirror.
At first glimpse, the overall design is balanced towards the rear, with this visual effect being mitigated by the the thin yet present front end.
The chances of liking new healthier foods are even less in the context of the modern American diet, which has so stunted and warped our taste buds that it’s difficult for them to accept, much less get excited by, anything that doesn’t contain a lot of sugar, fat, salt and natural flavors. This leaves us in an unfortunate predicament that I explained in an earlier post, “Building Your `Tasting Muscles’–and Putting Them to Good Use:”
He is quoted as saying “it would tak a lot of guts and money to eat 100 grams (about 1/4 of a pound) of blue cheese a day. I don’t see any problems.”
Row 22- Join with green, sc in each st around. Join, Cut off and weave ends.
The rest is well-documented history. Brief NaNoMails turned into lengthy NaNoMails. (Yes, we’ve saved them all.) To this, we added emails, later segueing into Facebook messages and phone calls. (And if the transcripts of those extensive phone calls ever fell into the wrong hands, we could both of us end up convicted of anything you like.) We shared our NaNo novels in progress, other stories, songs, and poetry. We drew the first-ever fan art for each other’s MCs (meaning “main characters”, everyone, not “masters of ceremonies”). I fell for her thief lord, she fell for my minstrel (my minstrel fell for her…), and over the course of it all, I arrived at a conclusion:
They suggested significant elements to consider when creating a brand:
Ref: Photograph, Joy Roy Choudhury
But I wasn’t sure she’d believe me. Where sincerity is suspect, clear communication seems impossible. How hard is it to assume best intentions before you turn to criticism? Can’t relentless cynicism become another form of censure?
I say this is a solitary life because the largest percentage of folks I know simply do not understand. Do not understand why I would want this when it is so different from the life that they so enjoy full of things that are supposed to make their life better. But from where I'm standing it looks like a whole lot of smoke and mirrors. Perhaps it's a beautiful house that somehow makes them feel important or like they have overcome something back in the recesses of their memory. But to me it looks like a monthly mortgage payment that is so big I could pay all my monthly bills with and still have money left over. I'm sure they would turn their nose up at my little clapboard house and say it's fine for someone else but they just couldn't live there. But to me, it's such a beautiful thing because it is mine - 100% lock, stock, and barrel paid for in cash. Truth be told, they don't own their mansion. Much the other way around. They are owned by it - and by the bank. I guess I don't understand them any better than they understand me. I would much rather be free.
No argument needs to be made to illustrate that fact, as everyone knows it. It's reflected in the number of broken homes, failed marriages, crime riddled neighborhoods, crumbling infrastructure and so on.
So it is soley up to you which thought you let prevail and win the battle, positive empowering thoughts – or negative degrading thoughts.
The Soul Thief by Cecelia Holland – The Soul Thief is an adventurous look at a turning point in Northern European history. Christianity is the chosen religion of most, but a few still look to the old pagan gods. Mysterious forces dreamily surround the harsh reality of life, adding a fantasy element to the events of this historical time period as twins Mav and Corban struggle to survive amidst raids, food shortages, and cruel overlords. This book is the first in a five book series. Recommended by Kimberly S.
has always been daggers, and
I was lucky with the sun, snapping away rapidly to make the most of the fleeting sunlight, highlighting their scaly shadows (a mistake, as they didn't have scales!).
Churchill, E., Okada, H., Nishino, T., & Atkinson, D. 2010. Symbiotic gesture and the sociocognitive visibility of grammar in second language acquisition. The Modern Language Journal, 94/2.
Annoying morning person: I love early morning! The entire neighborhood is still asleep and the only sound you hear is the birds singing. It’s so peaceful! *Sigh*
art of origami more accessible to visually impaired people or those that are unable
...for YOU, wonderful people, who take the time to come and visit my blog (and leave comments), even when it was gathering dust and spider babies.
C) Early afternoon is the devil’s time. I never feel energized. That is the best time to get exercise, check email, clean up office. From 1-3.
I’m not trying to beat a dead bear here, but let me offer some advice to UCLA. Let the kids in. You already have a billion students. What are 894 more? Getting your acceptance to college is one of the biggest moments in your life. It’s the culmination of all the times you wondered why you had to go to high school. These kids actually want to go to UCLA in spite of everything mentioned earlier. In spite of the UC system’s budget issues. In spite of the fact that it’s hard to see a guy in a Bruins hat and wonder if he still watches sports. These kids believe in the school (and it’s a great school, in all seriousness).
You'd expect to get beansprouts, a wedge of lime, some chopped chilli, and as a minimum, a good handful of coriander and mint. There are several other herby possibilities (sawtooth herb is my favourite), but I've never seen anything other than mint and coriander offered outside London. Pho 68 offered up one measly sprig of coriander. To be fair, I didn't ask for extra, maybe the good folk of Sheffield don't want their tea tainting with unnecessary greenery so they don't bother. Next time I'll ask, but more herbs really should be the norm.
Now, onto the sweet thing. When the bf came back from 5-week business trip in Taipei, he came back bringing back this.. Sadaharu Aoki's macarons!
Total Cholesterol = 128 mg/dL – (Less than 200 mg/dL is desirable) CHECK!
Because of their slow metabolism, large dragons can survive on as little as 12 meals a year. Well, at least that’s something.
To gird itself with icy wrath and stone walls
My city is filled with a ridiculous amount of one way streets and traffic cameras- IGNORED! Ummmm… eventually IGNORED! I was once at a street festival where the downtown was shut down to traffic and realized that we were all still obeying the red lights while walking, even though there were no cars coming. I’m a pretty well-behaved girl, so it might take awhile. But once I’m used to the lawlessness, I may use some of my precious bullets to shoot a red-light camera. Or two.
Bartlett - This town will be celebrating National Night Out all weekend long! Friday at 6:00 there will be a tailgate party, where families can socialize with each other and members of the Bartlett Police Department. Police officers will then lead participants on a flashlight walk through the park. (Bring your own flashlight!) Kids will also be able to construct build-a-kits from Home Depot. Afterwards, participants can hang out in the pool! Then, on Saturday night, individuals will host their own block parties, with a contest to see which block is the best lit. On Tuesday at 3:30 there will be a bicycle obstacle course, and then participants can ride with the Village President to the National Night Out Picnic. The actual picnic will be full of excitement, and will include free food and drinks, the Jesse White Tumbling Team, and a performance by Hawaiian Fire Dancers! It will take place at Bartlett Park, at Oak Avenue and North Avenue in Bartlett. Click here for a full schedule of events.
God. Why?
that's just a sampling of the kind of wisdom that could come out of my mouth on Sunday.
Of course, I could be completely wrong…
So my income was down in April. I need to make sure I make up for that in May. I plan to without a problem though. I already mentioned I like to perform Secret Shops from time to time in another posts. I’ll be sure to take a crack at quite a few more in May. I also like to do Focus Groups. I actually did one this morning. I’ll talk about those in another post.
We joked about the speed and height at which the water moved, fantasizing about riding in little umbrella boats down the water stream. All we had to do was flip those puppies over and we’d be good to go! Like something out of a Disney movie. Only we were kids, not animated mice.
Those are good questions for us. There’s nothing sadder than for us to come out of a time of captivity into the freedom of God’s truth, and then to turn around and make the same stupid mistakes again, plunging us back into a season of defeat. It takes effort and discipline to stay free.
P.S. Amazing news of the week is, that one of my nieces has been offered a year long paid internship for an outstanding french company in PARIS!!! What a chance of a lifetime for a young girl to live and work in Paris, and totally submerge herself in french daily life, before heading on to one of the many outstanding universities that have accepted her in the U.S.
I wonder, is it balmy in your world today?
It has been a while since I've posted anything on this blog. I'm not just talking about albums, either... I haven't written anywhere about my own musical experiences for the past few months or so, and this is because I have been having a very minimal amount of these experiences.
This is one of the kind of spiced crackers I make at home, sometimes to re-live and to love those fun tea times, but mostly to keep a stack to snack on a couple of them once in a while. They stay fresh for a couple of weeks at room temperature, so they are really handy when you have to entertain on a quick notice. They also take very little time and effort to make.
i have always seen this as God blessing us and providing for us in the midst of opposition, in the midst of whatever opposes us and seeks to destroy us, God prepares a table.
Phil Woolas on the other hand revealed himself to be hopelessy out classed. He allowed her to attack him on his own ground and take control of the situation. Even a medicore business manager would have put up a better fight.
But in the summers, residents essentially get much of the state to themselves. And with this giant playground comes a multitude of food, wine, beer and outdoor events throughout the season in every corner. Tourists need not apply.
DCKennedy
a) sufficiently precise, and
In this special year, as I dedicate myself anew to your service, I hope we will all be reminded of the power of togetherness and the convening strength of family, friendship and good neighbourliness, examples of which I have been fortunate to see throughout my reign and which my family and I look forward to seeing in many forms as we travel throughout the United Kingdom and the wider Commonwealth.
And, oh yes, I meant to scribble down several thoughts about these first days of parenthood, lest I forget them.
dignified as a king.
Doubting my healing.
According to the NLRB charge, Jimmy John’s Rule #11 in the 2010 employee handbook states: “Find your own replacement if you are not going to be at work. We do not allow people to simply call in sick! We require our employees and managers to find their own replacement! NO EXCEPTIONS!”
Here’s a video that captures just how awesome mum’s are…
4. Don’t Save Me
Situations have ended sad
In the course of his journey he makes many discoveries: new science shows that water resources in an era of climate change will be increasingly scarce (putting this industry at risk); first nations people living downstream are contracting bizarre cancers; the upgrading of this oil threatens multiple river systems across Canada and the tailings ponds containing the waste by-products of the process threaten to befoul the third largest watershed in the world. Additionally, a planned pipeline across British Columbia brings fresh threats to BC Rivers and the Pacific Ocean.
But zero is, and finally Christmastime
May 23-31: There is almost a watery aspect to this time frame that requires a bit more discipline for staying focused. Watch for depression and lethargy especially those of you who tend to suffer from it already. If the big dreams and intentions are overwhelming at this time, focus instead on the smaller more menial tasks of weeding your garden or clearing out a junk drawer. Physical exercise is crucial during this time to keep things moving. Continue to be in relationship and community. The worst thing you can do is to disappear into your turtle shell or dark hole. It will not make things any better.
Here's what the sewn binding looks like from the quilt front.
Thus, the sharp genetic divide was not between late hunter/fisher/gatherers and early farmers. It was between the earliest farmers and groups that had been farming for at least a millennium or so. The evidence is more consistent with natural selection than with population replacement.
A doctor did permanent damage to my kidneys because she didn’t monitor the medicine she was prescribing. After the fact, I talked to her three times to try to get her to face what she’d done to me and was continuing to do to others. She wouldn’t accept responsibility. Then she died—unexpectedly, home alone, on my birthday. With 365 days to choose from, why’d she die on my birthday? I do not believe for one instant that she died because of what she did to me. Maybe, according to the master’s plan, she had to die to stop her from hurting somebody else, or maybe her account had been balanced and the debit level was too high to support continued life—I don’t know. But I gotta believe that the timing of her death was God’s message to me that he’s got my back.
Stirring Insights Limited
The Guff
11. WAC - -7.38
Hopefully Mr. Perry will come away from his brush with the long arm of the law with an awareness that he needs to do more to help people understand that black people are more than just foul mouthed characters always toting a gun. Maybe he can do something to promote the idea that black people are people too. He’s done well with his minstrel show. Maybe it’s time to do something a little more sophisticated that can help undo some of the damage characters like Madea have already done.
Old foundation stones, pipes, and electrical thingies abound.
Hours had passed, and no matter how hard Sarah tried, she couldn’t sleep. Her legs had long ago turned numb, and her bottom ached from being in the same position for so long. She moved her upper body, trying to work out some of the kinks, wondering if the night would ever end. Her eyelids were leaden, but still sleep evaded her. Even nestled securely in the tree, her nerves were on edge. She heard noises below her—creatures of the night rutting for food, and she prayed none of them knew how to climb. After adjusting her bedroll beneath her head for the hundredth time, she quietly hummed a lullaby. It helped drown out the skittering sounds and brought back
First I spoke to the presenter of the programme, to introduce myself and he then proceeded to ask me what would be good questions for him to ask. We agreed them between us and I gave him some quick sketchy answers and that was that, I just had to wait for the radio station to ring me at about 5.15 to give the interview.
g) Almost done! Cut the other end (opposite of the seam you just made)...you can decide how long you want your baggie to be...I cut mine at 6 1/2 inches so that my finished baggie would be 6 inches long (with 1/4 seam allowances on either side). Line up these edges and sew seam shut! Voila..your lovely little inside out baggie!
In November last year the minister of finance, Mr Pravin Gordhan, told an audience in London that economic empowerment policies designed to improve the standard of living of the black majority after 1994 had not worked. After all the employment equity, labour, and land reform legislation, not to mention hundreds of billions of Rands in BEE deals, this is quite an admission. In the short term it may lead to an intensification of failed policies, but in the long term these policies will have to be abandoned.
This year our group included: Kevin and Cooper (of course), my dad and sister, my brother Mike, sister in-law Delayne and my nephew Alex (Big Al), my brother Nick and Melissa, and last but not least, Kevin's parents. We spent our 5 days grilling, boating, playing at the park and in the sand, biking, cooking and almost burning the cabin down....whomever rented the cabin before us decided it was a good idea to leave a bag of pre-popped popcorn in the oven. First- who puts popcorn in the oven? Second, who puts pre-popped popcorn in a bag in the oven?! When Nick went to pre-heat the oven for dinner he never looked inside to make sure it was empty. Soon I saw black smoke pour out from one of the burners! I quickly opened the oven door and was engulfed by smoke- LOTS of smoke! I could see that there was a bag of pop corn on the rack and that popcorn was falling from it to the heating element below. I quickly shut the door, turned off the oven and ordered everyone OUT of the cabin. I kept asking Nick "Did you put popcorn in there?!" In his typical Nick fashion he was laughing saying "no!" "no!" So I kept asking- "Did you or didn't you?!" Soon Mike was in the kitchen with me as we debated whether or not we use the fire extinguisher to put out the flames. In typical Mike fashion he said "Just wait a minute. Let's see if it goes out." As I stood there with the pin pulled on the extinguisher ready to be a firefighter. Sure enough, the fire put itself out.
02/14/2012 SELL 0.02 audjpy 83.803
Sometimes she even feels there may just not be time for her.
I made these latest pieces while waiting for a shipment of bracelet blanks for one of the projects in the new faux jade tutorial (how is that for a tease?) and they are supposed to be here today, so it's back to the faux bone grindstone for the rest of this week. Next time I write a tutorial, I'm going to keep my mouth shut about when to expect it until my sorry self has actually finished it! Thank you again, everyone, for being so patient about it. I promise, it won't be much longer.
I've come to the conclusion that I just can't continue with the A to Z challenge this year. Too much unpleasant stuff in my life is making blogging at all extremely difficult. Blogging nearly every day and by theme has become impossible. I hate to admit defeat. You've no idea how much I hate it. But I've decided my sanity must come first. So, alas, as far as the Challenge is concerned I'm finished, over. Finished with. Over. Finished and done with.It's over. Completely finished.
Preheat oven to 350F.
So, she does what any habitual winner with zero cred would do…try to I.D. the nutjobs before they act. But, when their agenda turns out to be far bigger than she ever assumed, and even friends start looking suspect, the truth and her actions threaten to haunt her forever, especially since she’s left with blood on her hands,
In this way, monetary policy has a huge impact the liberties of of the citizenry. Without a gold standard as a last line of the defense, it is impossible for citizens to curb the activities of hyperactive governments.
1/2 head chopped escarole
It has been suggested that the group of 88 rushed to get the advert published in order that it would have maximum impact before the DNA results were revealed. Presumably they feared that, as proved to be the case, the results would be favourable towards the players. Whether or not this was true, Wahneema Lubiano Associate Professor, Literature and African and African-American Studies, who organised the advertisement, which she later acknowledged would be “a streak through the heart of the lacrosse team” (whom she termed “perfect offenders”) gave some signatories less than six hours to decide whether they would put their name, and, as such their departments credibility behind the advert.
Remember you are NEVER a number, and I love talking to everyone.
To find out which science programmes are on offer at the University of Leicester ISC, or to find out more about studying at a top UK University in this momentous year in British sporting history, please visit the website.
It never hurts to read all labels. Even some white marshmallows have blue dyes. And restaurants also include it in their foods.
(Yes, she said, “tug on it.”)
Senate, the entirety of which was devoted to his presidential ambitions.
I remember as a kid growing up hearing Mom say how much she hated to wait for an appliance serviceman. Things haven’t changed much. Back then, it was usually the washing machine, refrigerator, or perhaps the old black and white television. I remember one occasion particularly when Mom called out the TV repairman. Most of the day was gone by the time he arrived. He charged Mom his regular fee even though he discovered the only thing wrong with our set was the fact that it was unplugged. Mom had plugged the vacuum into that outlet and forgot to plug the TV back in.
Isadora sprayed the 'Drenched in Pink' cologne she'd picked up from 'Victoria Secrets.' The flower scent enhanced the daylily dress she'd bought. Tonight she'd show Colorado hospitality to Detective Stetson, who she met a year ago when her sisters were killed in a car crash on vacation in Houston, Texas.
yep, i love his belly button.
Its market share in China rose 3.1 percentage points year on year to 35 percent during the reporting quarter, the company said. “It is also doing pretty well in certain mature markets. The United States for example, has gained market share as some …
ND - Yeah, I think so. The whole financial fair play area is a very new area. I mean it’s something that UEFA have been pushing for a couple of years but it wasn’t that many years ago that clubs could go into administration in Scotland or in England and not suffer any points deductions. It was accepted that clubs could do that if they wished to shed debt. We then moved to a situation where clubs going into administration got a points deduction, ten in the SPL, it used to be nine in the English league and we are now confronting what happens, how you deal with a club, in the event that they can’t agree a CVA and that’s the whole debate around newco.
Long are the days in South America where we could afford to have a maid to clean our house.
To heal the wounded world our common task.
When there are scandals and when someone is caught red handed many will respond with self-righteousness and indignance or worse (as Roxy has hinted) the unscathed will still seek vengeance like an angry mob. The concerns of those scammed are legitimate and they should be handled by professionals and authorities. For those of us who are mere spectators dealing with the aftershock, why not seize this moment for contemplation and self-critique? After all much like the ideology of consumerism, self righteousness can be a hell of a drug.
A lieutenant general whose house was broken into received an alarm system worth R40 000, which was paid for with secret funds.
My beautiful daughter. How bittersweet life is these days. These months seem so much to parallel those of last summer. Except you are not here. Except I am not the same person I was last summer. You are going to have a little sisiter. I am hopeful for her. I am longing for you. I wish with all my heart that you could both be. That I could have you both.
It’s happened to all of us, you’re driving to work, you’re late and trying to hurry when the idiot on the cell phone, paying no attention cuts you off and you spill your coffee. Immediately your yelling, on the horn and flipping him off. Afterward you begin to the think of the consequences, he could have been nuts, could have been carrying a gun. Of course you’re also wired out for the next ten minutes from the adrenaline pumping through your system. None of it feels good at all.
Captain Salvador is a pirate—and he didn’t intend to kidnap Charlotte. Instead, he’d planned to kidnap Commodore William Ransome’s wife—not his sister. The plan work work enough to lure William Ransome out and possibly to his death, but most of Captain Salvador’s plans were toward William’s father-in-law. A man who would have no interest in someone like Charlotte. But Salvador has no other option at this point but to sail away to avoid what is likely to be a bloody battle until he figures out how to put his original plan back into motion—and kidnap the right woman.
It's my everyday bag now. I love it. The purple one is a bag organizer. As the Le Pliage only has one small side pocket, the bag organizer is awesome. I got mine from Gin and Jacqie.
So pretty, isn't it? If you're ever shopping in LA, put the Chic Shop on your itinerary! Until then, you can shop it online. Did you spot anything that you plan to order? What do you think of the finial collection?
look at both sides, put yourself in the other family member’s shoes.
Diaz told deputies he was stabbed by a man named Juan. He said Juan had approached him and asked for his can of beer. When he declined, Juan became aggressive and insisted he give him the beer.
And he calmly replied, "I have no idea, Mommy".
This went to Lillian as a surprise. Anything that gets to the mailbox is a surprise, anymore! haha She happens to love Kitty cards.
Dinner and conversation was great because we went to one of my favorites-Stir Crazy! Stir Crazy offers a Market Bar option where you can build your own stir fry. It is AWESOME! I opted for the chicken stir fry with brown rice and loads of veggies. It was super yummy!
And today we are headed to the DMV for his learner's permit test. Wish me, I mean us, luck.
Former Russian Federation President Boris Yeltsin memorably announced that various gulags across the eleven (11) time zones of the vast Russian Federation might still hold American prisoners from The Second World War, Korea and Vietnam.
The following afternoon, Jane and William fly to St. Ignace and meet up with Mr. Gannet, who takes them to the lodge, telling them he'll be back in four days.
I’m also going to add some interactivity to that story.
I hate the choice you didn’t feel you had
The Dispatches : Olympic Tickets for Sale on Channel 4 last night made for depressing, if unfortunately predictable, watching. In one example major roads in London will be diverted and blocked to allow altheletes and officials to reach their venues "on time". I suppose that elite atheletes who have reached the top of their game frequently roll out of bed and straight on to the track. I'm sure I saw Justin Gatlin run the 2004 100m finals in his pyjamas because he'd had a late one the previous night.
At first i was all “What the hell is she mad at me for!?!?!” But then i kept reading, and reading…and reading…Obviously when i said “Dont tell my boyfriend” your cousin is fair game. I didnt reply because i all ready flew off the wagon and was pissed off. And her message sent me to a world of rage and blurred vision….oh let me remind you the time of this. (315am)
You had to become immune
What is the lesson to be drawn from this concrete example which must he analysed concretely if there is any desire to be true to Marxism? Only this: (1) that the interests of the liberation of a number of big and very big nations in Europe rate higher than the interests of the movement for liberation of small nations; (2) that the demand for democracy must not be considered in isolation but on a European—today we should say a world—scale.
I had the pleasure of a visit with one of my besties this weekend, and as always, our conversations turned philosophical. M and I have found ourselves on a similar path together over the past year and it’s been wonderful to discuss our ideas and share the little moments of discovery along the way.
have been dreaming of simplifying life – learning to live with less at the same time as becoming more environmentally aware. We planned to get there purposefully, without breaking any speed limits, but living with fewer children was not actually what we had in mind.
Kinda tough to hear. Best to turn it up.
Chante Mallard was clearly not a very nice person and, although some of us milksop liberals may have recoiled at the 50 year prison sentence she received when the case came to trial in 2003, she certainly deserved to be publicly reviled. It is however, interesting to note that whereas the two popular crime shows which were obviously inspired by her crime were so faithful to the details of the case, the only changes they made were in relation to her ethnicity, and, in the case of CSI, her gender.
A few months ago I went to the Asian market in Hagerstown, MD. I bought some Phillipine pastries that were just delicious. I wondered what the unusual filling was, and when I looked at the ingredient list, it said 'coconut string'. Last week I went back to the market and found a jar of coconut string and decided to make my own pastries.
Wait. They aren’t going to offer that.
Lest you jump in and suggest the words are figurative, or that it means his days as POTUS should be few, go Google yourself some Bible commentary like I did, all of which made it quite clear that it his literal death that this prayer desires.
Maria Carolina Marcello, Peter Murphy – Reuters, 04/26/2012
What first inspired you to become an interior designer?
Becoming a hero isn’t easy; but neither is living in the spotlight as American heroes. For more than 50 years, we have excelled as warriors; now we must also excel as ‘heroes.’ The respect and admiration that comes with heroism brings with it more responsibilities than entitlements. True heroes understand this.
Unedited
What a busy month - can't believe it is the last day of July already - Christmas will be here before we know it!!!!
A beast never paid any mind to a fly
After the cleaning finally stopped, my mom, sister, and I headed to the local mall for a bit of shopping. I got a really cute little black dress for an amazing price!
Oh, one more thing: I had mentioned a couple of posts back that I was going to meet a professional bookbinder that has a workshop half an hour away from here. I did in fact go and meet her and walking into her shop was like walking into a shrine. She had set up step by step examples of each phase of the bookbinding, and after ages of just reading about them, being able to pick up and touch these examples and watch her do some thread work on a few signatures was like a dream come true! We were able to chat a bit and I told her about my plan to do a stage before signing up for an official course and she was very receptive to the idea. She took all of my contact information and I am on the list for the stage in October and she's supposed to contact me at the beginning of September with more details.
Raising Self Esteem Through Includes
Some even in the sky.
once on the sheet, take your finger and press into it about a 1/4 inch from the top edge. you need a border.
As usual the winner was chosen by Mr. Random.org
I've got it bad. I usually have about three or four projects I'm working on simultaneously, but right now I think I'm juggling about ten. It's bad.
and follow new leads.
He stood down just two months after he was appointed – and before he had even started the job – after the Daily Mail exposed the extent of his chequered business career and colourful private life.
tomorrow a brand new day
Hitchhiking to New York City from Ohio, twice. And back! Also hitchhiked out of Candlestick Park after the Rolling Stones concert, and considering the acidheads who picked me up, that was rather daring, as well.
Being a responsible SA citizen, and abiding by the law of the land that requires you to help those in distress, I informed SA Police Services and the ambulance services.
Material : Polyester
Asa Kasher co-authored the first IDF Code of Ethics and continues to work on the moral doctrines that shape the parameters of the IDF's actions.
“Not that anything would happen, just doesn’t look good…” I explained.
Actually, we can't put the blame fully on Mr Blogger as there have been all sorts of rumblings and commotions happening here in the dark and damp corridors of Humbug Hall. Some of our old walls were in dire need of a new coat of plaster. Eeek, now as anyone who has ever had any plastering work done will know letting a plasterer into your home is a very risky business and is not at all advisable if you want to stay sane.
Being realistic? Obviously not.
That is our clarion call
When I last posted, I had just returned from Hawaii, watched the television remake of Children Of The Corn, and had gotten sucked into the world of comics (thanks to watching Thor and X-Men: First Class). That was all back in June. Now here we are in January of 2012, and I have only 346 days left to finish this journey (to understand where I get this number, please check out this link). Although, more realistically speaking, I’ve got about 142 days before this journey takes a huge step downward on my priority meter (to understand this number, please check out this link). Rest assured; I will complete this journey. But, I suspect that come June, six months to finish The Stand will seem like nothing.
o My attempt to create a four-act structure, rather than the three-act structure U.S.readers expect.
-made all kinds of vehicles
Before the race, how did the animals feel toward the pineapple?
In mid-December Foam will present the first major retrospective exhibition in the Netherlands of the work of Joel Sternfeld (1944, New York), one of the pioneers of color photography. Foam will be showing more than one hundred photos from ten different series in an exhibition spanning two floors. A highlight is Sternfeld's early work from the 1970s, which has never been previously exhibited. A large selection from famed series such as American Prospects, the result of his legendary journey through the United States, and Stranger Passing will also be on show. A constant factor in his work is his native land America, its inhabitants and the traces left by people on the landscape. With a subtle feeling for irony and an exceptional feeling for color, Sternfeld offers us an image of daily life in America over the last three decades.
I don't think I've much else to tell you. I had my wisdom tooth removed and good riddance to it!! I have a nice, big hole where my lousy tooth was, but it's closing up slowly and all the pain has gone which is a great feeling after having it niggling away for so long. My health visitor came and turned out to be lovely, which made a very nice change from the Health Visitors From Hell that I've had along the years. We've had leaky pipes in the bathroom, leaky skylights in the big room and a bit of a condensation and mould problem in the bedrooms (thankfully rectified with extra radiators), so a bit of a soggy fortnight since I last blogged, but hopefully, we're drying out. Conor and I are working our way through the Series One Downton Abbey DVD and I'm enjoying it so much that I don't want to watch it, because then it'll all be over! (you can tell what kind of desperate, hoarding child I was when I was little, can't you!) I think I've fallen in love with Mr Bates in fact. Ah well, there are worse crimes and with Billy only seven weeks old, I can play the old 'hormones' card for some while yet!!
This Sunday I spent the day in Dallas shopping for my baby cousin's Senior prom dress! I still cant believe she is all grown up. I still remember when she was a baby so shopping for her prom dress really made me feel my age. 8 years since I went to prom? Geez.. I feel like it was just yesterday!
1. Fertility programs may withhold services from prospective patients on the basis of well-substantiated judgments that those patients will be unable to provide or have others provide adequate child-rearing for offspring.
Boys
Next up are these guys Parachute Musical. This piano fronted Nashville via D.C. based band has all the makings of soulful indie pop. 'One More Song' has an arrangement unlike anything I've heard in a while and I kind of love it
So I’m sharing it here to keep me accountable. I want everything done by the end of May. The good thing is most of them won’t cost my anything. And those that do cost money won’t be crazy expensive. It’s mostly just time.
Many months ago I spotted a lovely project on this blog. I admired it, went back for a second and third look, and knew that one day I would make the very same. And then I forgot about it. Recently I was busily working away on the laptop, ok, really, I was browsing through Ravelry, you know that, and I came across the same pattern once more. So I saved it and knew that I would knit this very beautiful thing, for myself, immediately after the festive season was over. Skip forward a few weeks and I found the lovely KnitPicks yarn on Ebay and knew it would be perfect for my lovely project. And because it would be so perfect I couldn't decide a colour so bought three different shades. As you do. So browsing through the YarnAlong posts yesterday I discovered a post featuring my lovely project, and it was knitted in one of those very shades of the lovely yarn I had so recently acquired. Well that's got to be fate right? So last night I gave in to it, picked my shade and wound the skein into a workable ball of scrummy yarn.
Place completed kolaches on a well greased cookie sheet.
Templed-out in Cambodia.
Collaborations 1982-1993
A few fresh oregano leaves chopped (or 1 teaspoon dried oregano)
* University of California - Berkeley (USA)
waiting to find you
This post is a variation on the following 4 or 5 posts…all having to do with imagined or hypothesized thinking.…Particularly troublesome can be the more negative thinking…thinking that might lead to feelings of ….”not good enough”, “not loved or valued or appreciated or accepted enough”, “not smart or talented enough”… etc etc etc….all tender spots in many of us.
This summer, I am going to continue the horse therapy (some of these kids have been in it for years...so we are going to keep it up as long as he likes it). I also plan to get Alex in aqua therapy so that he can learn to swim and learn to move his body through the use of water.
Unfortunately, it is often too difficult for people to seek support for their concerns. As a friend or family member, how do you know when you should encourage someone to get professiona and spiritual counseling? How can you help someone in need? What types of things would you consider urgent?
”Northern is pleased that the successful Zaedyus oil discovery is to be quickly followed by a new drilling campaign. This will not only further delineate the discovery structure, but will also move forward to drill some of the similar prospects defined by 3D seismic in order to confirm the wider significant potential of this permit area covering the entire length of the prospective continental shelf edge of Guyane, a distance of about 200 kilometres.”
Cocktails range from 16 - 20 Euros, with a choice of champagne, short and long drinks. The heavily pushed Cognac Summit is present, but you'll also find more unusual choices for a Paris bar such as the Pimm's cup, Tommy's Margarita or a Ramos Gin Fizz, one of the drinks our party ordered.
14. Happy
That said, Song does not help himself with a languid style and performance levels that have dipped at times this season. Yet he has been very productive with sixteen assists last season quadrupling his contribution in 2010-11. That identifies how much reliance was placed on Cesc primarily; Song had to stay back more often. This time the balance of the side is different without a pivotal midfielder. Arteta, Song and Rosicky can be formidable attackers but I would not put much stock by Rosicky as a defensive midfielder. It is why I think the links to M’vila are strong, Arsène wanting to balance the attacking instincts with a solid platform. Amusingly, some still do not see that this is the manager trying to address the defensive issues; defending begins in attack.
Here's what morning in the Boonies looks like today. I froze my toes to take this picture, but it's all for the love of you.
Blends
The community reminds us that God comes first, then others. The irony is the more we focus on God and serving people, the more complete we feel as individuals.
Right after they kiss my fat ass. I will be damned if they're going to get either my height, weight or BMI. I am so pissed off right now I'm having trouble tying this out. These people have to be stopped. They are turning this country into a damned Fascist state ruled by a maniacal dictator in training. God damn everyone who voted for this man. And if you don't like that, I don't give a fuck. You are as much, if not more, to blame for what's going on.
Mia hugged her pillow and snuggled into its softness, her heavy eyelids closed and she longed for sleep, instead the darkness found her. A voice called to her to wake and when she did, she was no longer in bed, but standing upright clothed only in her skimpy cotton pj’s, with no clue as to where she was. Her head frantically snapped to the left and right, goose bumps erupted all over her arms and her body trembled. It was difficult to get a sense of anything, dark grey and black clouds of smoke polluted the air. It made her choke and retch as she breathed in the stale, foul air and tears stung her eyes. Move, you have move and get out of here, a voice inside her spoke. Blindly her feet did just that, slowly at first, but then she broke into a run, wanting to escape. It wasn’t long before she lost her footing and stumbled on a jagged stone, she cried out and fell, her body slammed hard against the dusty ground. Her chin hit the ground first, followed by her left shoulder and then the rest of her body.
But if you know Ivey then you know she LOVES water.
Director: Joss Whedon
“High and rising unemployment is likely to impact at a political level and may make the reforms more difficult to undertake,” said Eric Wand, a fixed-income strategist at Lloyds Banking Group Plc in London. “If the political desire to reform comes in to doubt, then the market wouldn’t like that. There’s good scope for the crisis to get worse in the near term, the economies are still on pretty shaky ground and there’s a lot of political risk.”Daniel Tilles at dtilles@bloomberg.net.
Tonight, I attended a glamorous wedding party in Ritz Carlton, an elite hotel known worldwide. The party was fabulous. I indulged myself in the amazing party set up by the event organizers and in the heavenly foods. However, as I moved around the room, a different thought came to my mind.
Belinda Carlisle - Circle In The Sand
Also, our bookshelves currently hold an extremely large collection of DVDs, various books, pictures and a few knick knacks. I'd like that to change. We've had to clear off the bottom two shelves because Aidan's little hands can now get into whatever it is that's on them. I'd like to put some baskets on those bottom shelves with his toys in them. That way they're out of site but easily accessible to him. I'd also like to hide the DVDs and put some pretty stuff on our shelve instead.
This past week I've struggled with these thoughts and other inner struggles. And frankly, I'm tired. Strike that, I'm exhausted. I've run out of steam to the point where I just want to come home and cry. Not only am I fighting with myself, but physically I am tired from 10ish hours a day of work.
Pope Vigilius swayed back and forth on the issues. Although he refused to attend the council, he was at a disadvantage, because Justinian would not let him return to Rome unless he subscribed to the council’s findings. Vigilius capitulated, putting himself at odds with his own previous writings and possibly even with the council of Chalcedon. A western synod excommunicated him and he had to change his position again before the western church would accept him back.
Steve weighs 202 lbs. (down 1 lb since last week!)
He is seriously one of the smartest people I know. I don’t even know how many phone conversations I start with, “So, I have a question…” Wanna know the crazy thing? He gets me an answer! Whoa!
“Oh yes, the pretty blond girl in your class, isn’t she. What about her?”
I do dig meeting the people in the Blogoverse in real life!
Lastly, I’ll admit I am just slightly curious to see if Davis can work his way out of trouble. The only cause for hope is that Calvert and his band of wanderers are headed out of the valley where he knows everyone. It’s just possible that this transition will get Davis out of his “storytelling mode” long enough to give me some kind of reason to invest in the characters. Clay is awfully low on personality, although still light-years ahead of Luce, the woman he’s interested in, whose personality traits mostly boil down to being unconventional and being beautiful, thus far. With a couple of hundred pages to go, though, he must have some kind of conflict in mind to get things going, and it’s plausible to me that this could at least rise to the level of being a good potboiler. The possibility of “great literature”, alas, we left in the rear-view mirror about when the wagon starting running downhill, dragging the team with it. And it’s largely been downhill since. But we’ll see where the road takes us.
You can see in the photo below the back panel with the pleats stitched in place and the lining for the gown fronts attached. Also one of the side skirt panels. Not a perfect matching of the floral print but I like the overall look. The panels for the gown skirts are cut and stitch together and are ready to be attached to the bodice. I still need to cut sleeves and the bodice fronts. My deadline for this gown was April 14th but I've pushed it back until the 1st of June.
You can imagine the joy we felt, Astrid and I both, when we rendezvoused at the Amsterdam airport Friday morning. Talk about Home Sweet Home. For supper that evening, Astrid made her macaroni specialty dish and a small appeltaart, to celebrate.
Dr. Arthur Phibes is a noted organist and theologian (!)) who is believed to have died in a car accident while rushing to the hospital to be by his sick wife, Victoria’s side. He survived the crash, but is horribly disfigured. He fashions a mask for himself to hide his deformities and uses a tube connected to his windpipe in order to speak through a gramophone.. That was another aspect that creeped me out back in the day. In seclusion, he learns that his wife died on the operating table. Instead of hiring a lawyer and suing for millions, Phibes utilizes his theology expertise to enact revenge on resurgent based loosely on the ten plagues of Egypt.
I can't even say how much I love my space.
Let me tell you something, Sweaty, and you better listen.
Our prayers may seem awkward.
In my four years of blogging I rarely do any video blogs or tutorials, so when GHD asked me to do a hair tutorial, I immediately took them up! They're a great place to buy hair products online. Check out my how-to to get this boho, beachy summertime hair & makeup look for yourself!
When it comes to foods that pack a beauty punch, it’s hard to beat salmon. Loaded with omega-3 fatty acids, this high-quality protein source is also filled with vitamin B-12 and iron.
If I’ve missed you or someone you think should be here, please leave me a comment and I’ll add them. It’s not a slight but an oversight which I’m very, very happy to correct.
About 30 minutes later, I get a overhead page. I call my boss, and he tells me that he talked to the manager of the store up north.
She’d held interviews on a Tuesday afternoon in the corner booth at the Village Tart, and Kat had arrived fifteen minutes early. She’d ordered a coffee at another table while Audrey fin- ished up with the design school student who looked like a cross between Buddy Holly and Kramer from Seinfeld. When they were through, the young man stood over Audrey, tapping his shiny patent leather shoe.
1 leisure
Salt -1/2 tsp
Flipping what you have written over, your elbow hurts. Your back hurts. Your shoulders hurt. Your eyes burn. You’re tired.
In my day I’ve heard Abbotsford called many things, but most of them involve coarse language and are best not repeated here. What (I) can tell you is that there are some things in life (that) just don’t make sense. The combination of “lifestyle options” and “small town charm and quiet country ways” are among them.
331See from my cheek the transient roses fly!
How about that for inspiration!
Most of the photos on this page are taken in an area between Welbeck Road and Walker Road which is only a small part of Walker. Other parts of Walker will follow at some stage.
A 5-storey Georgian mid-terrace on Gardiner Street with a max reserve of €225,000
Hollies Sorry Suzanne UK
So Massachusetts… we chose to stay three nights in West Concord (lots of history, possible to reach Boston by public transport) and it was a good decision as it turned out (it's a pretty and peaceful area all round). For a start there was a really nice restaurant that did great cocktails next to the hotel… but it wasn’t all boozing and stuffing our faces… we did all this too:
Also in the store is my Balenciaga-inspired dress which I created for the Fly Gallery installation in January 2010. If you missed that, this is your chance to see this sculpture in person which won me the Underdog Achievement Award for 2010 from Toronto Art Critic and New Media Artist Otino Corsano.
I received my tablet just before BlogHer, which was perfect timing because the wi-fi network at a women's blogging conference, especially one with 3,500 highly connected women, tends to be a bit sluggish. No worries for me. I was able to create my own wifi hotspot and zip around online as needed.
Until last night.
but i'm feeling better....
That’s what I said on that blog (with slight modifications), but much more can be said….
Art object:
SOFA New York is held at the Park Avenue Armory, New York and takes place in April 2013 (dates tbc), with an Opening Night Preview taking place the day before the show opens to the public. SOFA New York was established in 1998 and has run annually each year since with approximately 40 exhibiting galleries taking part.
Introduction.
That's right! We have a pretty amazing play space for our dear little men. And it's so swell that I had to share some of the secrets behind it for this month's blog featured space: Kid's Spaces. I am going to condense this down to 5 really easy must haves for the absolute perfect play place for the ones we love most.
“In the meantime, the method I have observed towards those who have been denounced to me as Christians is this: I interrogated them whether they were in fact Christians; if they confessed it, I repeated the question twice, adding the threat of capital punishment; if they still persevered, I ordered them to be executed.
Issa Bagayogo Discography:
This train table has 2 drawers so there is plenty of storage for what they have now and we can easily make a sliding drawer to go under the table if the collection gets large enough for it to be necessary down the road.
Descriptions of how things sound can be problematic: Most readers don’t simply picture a scene—they hear it in their head as well. So restrain yourself when offering cues for the soundtrack to a sex scene, and when it comes to moments that might squick people out, turn the volume waaaay down. This is particularly true for anything involving, ahem, bodily fluids. (I find “moistly” especially troublesome.)
To finish it off I used some Stampin Up Crochet trim and did a loose knot.
Next stop: Tokyo.
She only got lost three times on her way back to her room, a marked improvement from the last time she had to find her way in the city. A nod to the Paladins stationed – they stared at her armor too, she noted, hopefully in jealous – and a quick trip to the lower levels of the Cathedral got her to her rooms, where guests of the Order would stay.
The gold standard has proved its value in another way. Under a gold standard, speculative booms and their subsequent busts are much less likely. Instead of wild periods of apparent economic growth, followed by deep and long lasting depressions, the gold standard tends to provide for steady and stable economic development.
A couple of soft duffle bags will fit in the boot with the back seat up; there’s much more space with the seat folded, of course. And as you can see, the seatbacks fold nearly flat.
Looking to get a bus going for next season running through Airdrie & Coatbridge.
Nothing to love or link with,
Nana
Police went to the place the three had driven from, where they found two policemen, said Zondi. He would not say whether this was a house.
“Just keep fighting,” she would always tell me. I felt her encouragement arose from our brief moments of “coffee breaks” after a hard night’s work. We would both pass by the nearest Starbucks and would each grab a favorite blended caffeinated drink because we both would drive a long distance from work. I started admiring her when I found out she was trying to help out her parents with their financial needs that she put aside her own dreams of marrying her long-time beau.
The camera is in ‘overdrive’, I see image after image!
We are heading to Missouri...
Hudson River
People begin to testify about what God has done. They share Scriptures, prayers, words of encouragement, and gifts of the Spirit. It is always amazing how it all comes together in a beautiful symphony of God’s Presence manifested in our midst.
4) Ron Paul: 11.6% (8 votes)
in that instant, i imagined my dogs, trapped in the bed of the truck (which has a cab over it) crushed beneath a tree. i went into our friends tent and sat there sobbing, while the wind whipped around us, bending and flexing the metal poles to its will. joel went and moved the car, and assured me that the dogs were ok.
6-8 basil leaves, torn, plus for garnish
An empathetic person is not only aware of what is in the present, but also the past experiences and how it affects the present.
Always the same anonym,
Katherine Jenkins & Mark Ballas – Argentine Tango
much of what surrounds it was breaking down barriers and challenging and redefining what the show could be. There’s no question that regardless of these criticisms, the story still has that same great chemistry between Baker and Sladen – apparently nothing can dim that light – and if a story has that, it most definitely has something worth checking out.
Just for a moment, as she said his name, his face hardened again, but his eyes dropped quickly back to the floor. "Nobody ever called me Van Raighan until Af. That was where I first heard the rumours about me. Afterwards..." His eyes sharpened, but Pevan could make out the glisten of tears at their corners. "The town was supposed to be safe. They-" He shut his mouth with an audible click, and his face seemed to go to war with itself, sadness vying for dominance with suspicion.
It is a handy store for crafty bits and bobs eg ball of wool,needles, hooks, pens, pencils etc. whilst you are working.
What makes a man approach a woman and think he’s in with a chance? “Yeah baby, I’m the Mcdaddy, what you saying”?” “Ermmm, nothing at all to you, so leave me alone” this is what we’re thinking in our heads, but don’t actually say it out loud. Are some men so deluded that they think that any and every woman is interested in them?
We recently had a very rare and precious whole weekend home and have started a little makeover in the veggie garden. Still a hedge and some trees to plant around the outside but it is looking good already.
It contains characters similar to Holmes and Dr Watson and suggests Conan Doyle was experimenting with these ideas from a young age.
RODRIGUEZ: And now eight more.
There is an argument that an author cannot write without knowing their endeavours can be financed so they can wholeheartedly write. If an author is writing a book on crime in South American and has the interest of a publisher, then, yes, of course, a publisher should finance the author’s expenses on travel or research on any such book project if a contract in principal exists. No payment by a publisher should ever be made based on ‘expected’ or ‘imagined’ sales of books.
Advanced ET technologies are now being used to strike and disable cabal assets. Many examples have been given in my “China’s October Surprise” article series, each section of which is linked below, in order.
He was pushing for an international government to be run by the United Nations. The UN originated out of work done by the Council on Foreign Relations of which Bush was a member. The vision of the UN founders is clearly globalist. It advocates a shift in sovereignty from the state to the international level thereby doing away with nation states. It seeks to have increased authority, security, and judicial powers of an international body with enhanced social and economic interdependence and some significant level of military disarmament of the nation states.
04. Bird Dog
Four months after Colton is released from the hospital, the family takes a trip to Sonja’s brothers house for a holiday. This is when the whole conversation took place. I’m sorry but it is hard for me to get my 4 year old to sit down concentrate for three minutes, none the less, tell me a whole story that happened four months ago! I just can’t believe this story. What I can believe is, this little boy who has been raised in a Pastors house. Obviously have been told the stories in the bible more than once. I can believe that this little boy has a great imagination. What little 3-4 year old doesn’t? Here are a few things Colton describes…
This LP brings together singles from 1947 through 1952. Although the dates and personnel vary, the music is all very well played. The fare consists mainly of standards, and it's hard to imagine why the record company thought such items as "Me and My Shadow" (which practically usurps an Ellington arrangement) would achieve commercial success. The best number is certainly the title tune, a Basiesque swinger.
So I gave her two black eyes.
I love tote bags because they provide a simple canvas for a multitude of designs and styles. There are simple designs and zany ones and some that feature Nietzsche quotes and some that are just like, "Dude, pizza is so good!" There's something for everybody.
Of course they can, even if it happens via Sandy turning herself sluttish and dancing up a storm whilst Danny looks on, the chills running through his body practically electrified by the power she's supplying. Personally, I preferred Sandy as she was before the leggings and massive hair. Hair which can never hope to compete with John Travolta's beautiful quiff. If there's one thing that fuels a good man-crush in me, it's a good quiff. And John Travolta's is a very good quiff. Of all the movies I've ever watched, Grease made by far the biggest impact on my head (the rest, Jeff Goldblum in Jurassic Park).
Mr. Stephen had removed his fence-rail roadblocks and departed by the time Grandpa and I crossed the swinging bridge to look at the place where the Dynamite House had stood. A hole in the ground, a foot or so deep, and scattered bits of charred boards and shakes were all that remained, along with a strange, sweetish-acrid smell. Down the road we saw Luke
Comfort was very important to me on Thursday because I had two very important meetings with my union members. I wanted to feel confident and approachable and this outfit certainly helped.
S: So, how are we going with the tortoises?
We've had a lovely weekend, breakfast with the boys (and their 'rents of course); bike riding, and today - a drive to do some antiquing. Didn't get anything but two books, but it was fun. Hope you had a lovely weekend - I'm tired and am heading for bed.
Again, I waited. Again, the spider outsmarted me.
What is on the outside is transient and temporary, you cannot make yourself beautiful with make-up or working out or surgery. You can only become truly beautiful on the inside, that will never fade and no one can take it from you.
Only in the last hundred years or so in the West have we seen non-white Western theologians, pastors and leaders come to prominence, though they have still been heavily marginalized and are still the minority. Black, Latin American, Asian, and female theologians, leaders and speakers have indeed been gaining traction very slowly but arguably some have only risen to places of influence by adopting the Gospel as it has been expressed in the White Western culture.
See, the number 1 reason we moved to this neighborhood, is because their public school district is one of the BEST in the whole entire state. This is top-tier public education that has won numerous awards at the state and national level, and that is not easy to find these days.
Hopper's book is amazing, very readable, and I plan to review it soon so you can hear more of my thoughts about the book. The things I mention here are the only points in the entire book that I felt were not applicable to homeschooling mother stories. Our lives are enmeshed more than parents of schooled kids and when writing about homeschooling we can't keep the same boundaries as other mothers.
Actually, some of that wasn’t really important, but hopefully it distracted from any stigma you may have attached to freaking over the unknown.
It was said his mother, a descendent of the painter Benjamin West, had infinite confidence in her son’s artistic abilities, but his father tried to make a merchant out of him before acquiescing to the boy’s obvious talents.
As you would expect from a capital, Verbania has lots to offer. The old town is crammed with good shopping, and the lakeside area in particular is a good place to be if you're feeling peckish. Year round, there is a full diary of concerts, film, theatre and dance, plus activities for children and local festivals. Carnevale is particularly colourful. One of the most famous of Verbania's sights is Villa Taranto with its beautiful botanical gardens. A visit to the Museo del Paesaggio, Verbania's museum of archaeology, painting and sculpture, is also well worthwhile.
Ryobi Battery Charger – The Power Tool
I find that in spring and summer my favorite spot is in our garden, My son Joshua set up a small table and chair with a pretty cloth and some lovely cussions for me, right in the middle of all of the flower gardens only last week as a suprise! The view is beautiful ....
collapsed under the weight of the weather.
perhaps it happened upon self-reflection
It's a little short for work, or possibly for chubby knees like mine. I barely hemmed it, about 1/2" turned up and stitched. I'll lengthen the next one so I'm not quite so self-conscious. A big gust of wind this morning while I was getting out of my car almost gave the parking lot a free show.
For one thing, it’s driving up the price of corn because most ethanol in the United States is produced from corn.
“Private schools can act quickly and can pursue their own destiny without having to deal with a state bureaucracy. We can build architecturally cheaper, lovelier and more on time than any state university.”
So, maybe it’s time to work through this, publicly. For me, there’s always been a balance between the “good times” side of better beer and the thoughtful embrace of better beer as a doctrine. For me, blind allegiance to any system of thought is to be avoided, and constant re-examination merited. Shouldn’t this rigor be applied to beer, too, and to my place (and my company’s place) in it?
Measure:
The very worst moments are when I really have no idea what to write about, and those do happen. I’ll sit at my desk banging my head against a hot cup of coffee, but I know what I should do: either go for a long walk, or turn on the news.
I suppose they will be changing the name of the farm to:
Just wanted to post the babies are here. I will update with pictures in the next few days. 7 of 8 is screaming, so I need to go feed him. That's what I do now, feed babies.
Here's an example from the time we took them to an amusement park over the summer:
My Swedish Tilda is coloured with pencils.
The 19 year old that raped the 14 year old girl in the back seat of the car says, “F’ing bitch! You are such a &^%$# tease!” as if she did this to him.
+Great characters
The first album with lead vocalist Arnel Pineda, “Revelation” is Journey running on no less than twelve cylinders, a fine-tuned offering that sounds every bit like a band hitting their stride. Schon and Cain penned all 11 of the new tracks on “Revelation“. There is no lack of chemistry in Journey, beginning with the songwriting core of Schon and Cain. “I felt strongly about moving forward and writing new material. It was time,” Schon states. Schon then put the call into Cain and started the song writing process which has now become the album, “Revelation“. “There’s an innate trust and respect for what we each do as we weave our way through this music,” says Cain. Schon adds, “In the alphabet, I might be a Z and Jonathan the A, that’s just how opposite we are musically sometimes. I write mostly rock and Jonathan writes most of the ballads, but when you combine the chemistry of us together, you’ll find that it is the nucleus and sound of what is and has been Journey. And now, with the right voice in place, we have all the right ingredients.”
Hare and Hounds in Birmingham this evening. Alice Gold will be playing from 7.30 and Robert will be playing from 8.15. Tickets are £10 on the door.
On a side note, Julianna Baggott’s website states that Fox 2000 has acquired the film rights to Pure. Should they turn this into a movie, it will definitely be interesting.
-Buy in bulk!
cfsac@hhs.gov (Email)
Does my sassiness upset you?
I’d clutch my pearls, breakout in raucous laughter and bust into a handstand in my foyer. I’m going to have a foyer, and then I’m going to grind up on my husband, while ripping up the Scooter Store’s offer, pass him a glass of water to wash down his happy pill and slap him on the booty.
Brendan is entering middle school in this book, so he’s trying to figure out a lot, about friendship, girls, his relationship with his parents (especially Dad). He’s still very likable, but as a pubescent boy he’s developed some edges, particularly in how he relates to Morgan as he wrestles with his conflicting feelings about her.
Sen. Harry Reid (D-NV)
If one does not wish to use such large amounts of primary explosive, one must rely on a secondary explosive either as the main charge or to detonate the main charge, and use the primary to detonate the secondary. But this requires access to the chemical precursors for the secondaries, the technical skills to produce them in pure enough form (which is not necessarily a straightforward undertaking), and the bomb-building skills to incorporate them, with the primary, into a viable device. Neither the experimentation nor the subsequent bomb-building are trivial matters, nor matters to be attempted by the slapdash.
III. I did have a compelling vision–a vision of what could be.
Tora’s real life eating: I eat alternative grains, and have familiar grains as more of a ‘treat’ a couple of times a week. BUT I have upgraded to this over about a year, I believe in slow and steady, so I can make a permanent change to my lifestyle.
OK then. Let's try this again. I said the word, "bread". This time I was given the choice of
Cassie is no Victorian prude. An impressionist painter with very modern ideas about life and love, she is eager for a romantic escapade that is daring and discreet. She sets her sights on her dour but handsome landlord, but after she learns their meeting was not purely accidental, she hardly has a chance to forgive her lover before their passionate affair catapults them both into a perilous adventure.
But as you can tell from the image at the top of this post, the entire company is imbued with Native cultural appropriation--running so deep that several Native Approps FB readers thought the entire site was a work of satire. Ready? Here's the "origin" of the company:
It is hard to advocate for souls who’s words fall on deaf ears.
Terrapin Maggie's Farmhouse Ale
The point Paul makes is that the Holy Spirit, the agent of Jesus’ resurrection, lives with in the believer. This means that resurrection power is available to us even in our earthly mortal bodies. Through the Holy Spirit we are raised beyond our human limitations and enabled to live a righteous life. The “power of his resurrection” at work in our lives today should be an animating reality for everyone who “believes.”
"Hey love, I have to go," I said. I got up and started packing my things. "It's almost bed time."
Is it my age – fifty something – or the fact I’ve been running around spring cleaning? Whatever the cause I wish this tiredness would bugger off. I’m trying to write the sequal to The Land of Midnight Days, but getting nowhere fast. Everything’s in place, it’s all plotted out, but can I bring myself to actually write it? No.
I also believe that earning a PhD and working in an unrelated profession doesn't have to be seen as a failure. There are many jobs out there in the Bay Area alone that require statistical training, or web design experience, or survey/interview experience. These jobs are perfect for someone with the rigorous experience a PhD requires. Sure they probably don't earn the type of salary earned by a corporate CEO, but they represent an employable path for PhD students who are finished with academic life and ready for the professional world. Graduate students should entertain the idea that they are entrepreneurs as well as researchers. It's not always a sad story for graduate students, and I think the Economist article missed that a bit.
Well, apparently it's now been decided, since the aforementioned TV Shows On DVD site posted a report today that Logan's Run - The Complete Series will be released wide in stores and to other retail outlets (like Amazon) on April 10, 2012. The 3-DVD set, containing all 14 episodes (including the feature-length pilot episode), is priced at $39.98 SRP. No extras have yet been announced.
For our family the busyness of homeschooling is seasonal. There are periods throughout the year that we have a heavier load outside of the home.
2 for 5.00
Outside a branch of Barclays, customers were trying to allocate numbers to those waiting, so they could return home overnight and resume their rightful place the next morning.
the slightly raised stitching of the cushion my netbook is sitting on
The text of the publisher is:
12/02/2010 SELL 0.02 xauusd 1389.00 12/02/2010 1387.00 +4.00
I imagine that it must be hard having so much technology at your fingertips. It makes you need to know everything immediately which is good, but sometimes it is good to wait. Don't ever forget that it is nice to actually smell flowers or cake baking. (Something you cannot do on your iphone.) Also, feeling the sun shining down on your head or running through rain drops is nice, too. Actually speaking with people face to face is more effective than texting.
What can be better than chocolate and a free luxury hotel room? Select Sofitel hotels are offering an irresistibly delicious package from now until January 16, 2012.
God, I’ve said before that all I am is yours.
INK:Memento Summer Sky, Tuxedo Black
It looks as if we two will never be one,
If you feel you aren’t coping well, counselling may help. I’ve had it in the past and it’s taught me techniques for challenging negative thought patterns and behavioural habits I’d fallen into that were holding me back from enjoying life. You might find it beneficial to talk about the bullying, especially if you haven’t opened up about it before. This can be a painful experience but is followed by a sense of released pressure that you’ve been saving up for a long time. Think of it as cleaning out the pipes in your head so that good things can start to get in. Some counsellors prefer to focus on the present and see less value in digging at the past. They can teach you techniques that halt negative thinking patterns and eventually break the hold these thoughts have on your life. Sometimes people keep the bully alive in their minds which can prevent that person from liking themselves and being happy. Counselling can help you to be kinder to yourself and see things in a more balanced, logical and positive way. Your doctor can refer you, but expect a waiting list. The waiting time varies depending on the services in your area. Private counselling or therapy is also an option if you can afford it, though it can be expensive. The best way to find a good private counsellor or therapist is to ask around. You may be surprised by how many people have had therapies of different kinds, for things like giving up smoking and tackling phobias, to coping with grief and long-term emotional problems. See what private therapists are available in your area (try a search online). Many offer a free initial consultation so you can meet and decide if you like them and their techniques (such as hypnotherapy and cognitive behavioural therapy) before paying anything.
Let these words lift YOU up, whether you are part of the transgender community or not. And please continue to send in your thoughts.
unreasonably much – I know it’s an incredibly immature thing to focus on, but there we go. So when it turned up in this book, it put my back up. Although the characters annoyed me at the start of the book, with many of them that was intended to be the case and they were pretty consistent creations on the part of the author. Stylistically, it was pretty well written, for me it was just a shame that almost half of the book was lacking in the pace and decisive action which made the last half so much better than the first.
For every principle you violate, you will still have to make amends
You BAR attorneys are all drunkards drunk on debt, chasing Federal
I asked for advice from friends, I asked for advice from my La Leche chapter and I read a few online articles. I even watched the Dunstan baby language video over and over and over. I began to realize that our first lactation consultant had given us some bad advice. Either that or we had completely misunderstood her. But we had been putting Killian on a very strict eating schedule. He got to nurse for 30 minutes and only every 2 1/2 to 3 hours. If he got hungry before then, we thought we weren’t supposed to feed him until it hit the 2 1/2 hour mark. Add to that that we didn’t know why he needed to switch breasts and of course Little K was only getting enough to sustain his weight and not gaining. So I decided at that moment that Killian was going to be allowed to dictate his own feeding schedule. Whether that meant that he ate for 10 minutes and then 2 hours later he ate for 40 minutes then so be it! He knew what his little tummy needed a lot better than some schedule. Apparently, this is exactly what he needed the whole time. On Friday, we found out that he gained close to 3 ounces in 3 days and our lactation consultant and I celebrated in the little exam room. (Positive points for momfidence!!)
The electorate is perfectly free to vote for whosoever it wills, but must do so in the knowledge that it can make no substantive difference. There may well be local issues presently beyond the scope of government concern, but council action will be circumscribed by economic necessity.
But other times we need to give a massive apology, perhaps to quite a few people at once. The ripple that hits the water then is massive, they go off at speed and last for many minutes in the water affecting lots of the surrounding area before being absorbed.
That you were in a better place.
I had a lot of fun with this card, a very simple one from me as I am only able to get away with so many trips to Craft Central to stock up on supplies, otherwise I could undo all of the good that is being done by medication and rest....so I try and get everything on one trip - a HUGE challenge in itself!! LOL!
(Or wish to see most?)
Instead, what I have thought about doing is to go through the Pirqey Avot, and each time a new Rabbi is mentioned, I’ll attempt to both tell a little about the Rabbi in subject, as well as pondering a little on the verses ascribed to him.
I am very excited, and pleased at the response so far. I thank you all for your continued interest and support, and I assure you I will do my very best to fill all orders in a timely fashion. I am-at the moment- a one woman show doing this for the first time so while I don't anticipate any issues, if there are any unexpected delays I will be sure and let you know.
Ska Modus Hoperandi - Though I hesitated to suggest another IPA, it's just impossible to talk about great canned beer without mentioning Modus. I know this was the beer that many commenters felt should have been chosen last year, and I tend to agree that Modus is a great tailgate beer. Hopped up and piney, but well balanced, this is an IPA that you could drink a few of without getting burnt out on hop overload.
my life last state last version ill-said ill-heard ill-recaptured ill-murmured in the mud brief movements of the lower face losses everywhere
Every now and then, a story on a local newspaper website will go global; typically a quirky story which a big aggregator like Digg has highlighted. Suppose 100,000 people around the world visit the newspaper’s site, read the funny story and then leave. That skews the total of unique users much more than it does page impressions. For a site that usually attracts 100,000 unique users and 1m page impressions, for instance, the visits to that story would double the monthly unique user total but only add 10% to page impressions.
Approaching the growth, the party was met by a pair of dire tigers; Anselme assumed a similar shape to speak with the felines and was advised that while he and Leone would be allowed to enter the recesses of the growth, the others would need to wait outside. Agreeing to this, Anselme ventured in and found many more sizable protectors of the grove–marking the site as a veritable fortress of nature in the midst of the wastes.
Last night I cooked for a dinner party for the boss. I was a bit out of practice since I didn't do any entertaining type cooking while we were on holiday (I did do plenty of eating though!). It was a casual buffet style dinner with no starter so I did four different canapes instead and they worked out really well.
The Boy became convinced that The Book had also displayed the magic to his Sister from the beginning. It only made sense. He sought the most logical explanation for everything that happened, and this was the most logical, uncomplicated and least hurtful solution he could think of. And that was fine with The Boy because he didn’t own The Book, and she was happy. It did not matter to him who The Book showed its magic to because it was The Book’s choice. He did not own The Book, and he did not seek ownership. He only wondered why all the lies, and why The Book hid it from him when their friendship was founded on honesty. Regardless, he was upset that The Book lied more than anything else. Everything that The Book said and showed became devalued because of what it said and did on the night of the showing of the secret phrase. And The Boy was upset because of that. The Boy rather The Book had not shown him the secret phrase if it had already shown The Sister, and The Boy told The Book that. The Boy found it hard to sit with The Book and listen to its magic words, knowing that everything that the magic was founded on was a lie.
We have sweet tea in the fridge all. summer. long. The Renaissance man grew up all over the South, and can’t mow the lawn when it’s over 80 degrees without it. Since I grew up in a household with a dad who loves sugar and a mom from South Carolina, I am no stranger to the super-sweet drink. I just didn’t know how to make it “right”. But, since I am a good wife (or try to be) and my husband would shrivel up and die (or go through the McDonald’s drive through every day) without it, I figured this one out in a hurry.
The crows triggered in me a dormant appreciation of haiku. I used to write a lot of haiku, but haven't for years. However, inspired by both my son Steve (who on the odd occasion tweets a haiku - extremely good ones) and the crows, I decided to also write some haiku (and tweet the results): The first haiku that came to me was after hearing a crow somewhere on a roof above us as we walked along the famous alleyway, Ponto Cho - one of my favourite places in Kyoto. The place seeps ancient history as you walk down the narrow street cramped with historic shops, cafes and bars.
Eureka Optima 437AZ – Best Deal – Don’t Pay Full Price
7. The Light of God is not human imagination. When it comes in human imagination, then it ceases to be human imagination-then it is God’s imagination, it’s the light of God.
When our daughter was a baby, all of her toys fit into a small basket in the living room. As she grew, so did her basket of toys. Before I knew it one large basket was not enough to contain them all. That is when we decided to give up our rarely used guest room and turn it into a playroom. The toys still come out and get scattered all over, but now they have a place to go at the end of the day and clean up is a snap.
Our town and community in the death of Mr. L., loses one of its most useful, enterprising and exemplary citizens. But few men discharge all their obligations as citizens and as Christians more worthily than he discharged his. Though long afflicted with disease, he yet attended faithfully to all the requirements of a good neighbor, a kind husband and a worthy parent, and was seldom heard to complain or repine. If a fellow creature was in want, his hand and his purse was ever ready to relieve, and this he would do without first inquiring into his place of nativity, the color of his skin, or the shrine at which he kneeled.
The doors (and door frames) are too thick. The frames have to go on the outside of the wall, and stick out really far. If the doors were half the thickness, that would fix the problem. I tried to make this a positive by drilling a hinge through the wall and door tab to make an actual working door, to no avail. the thickness of the door and hinge tabs prevented any kind of swing. I would be happier if the doors didn't have the tabs and the frames were made of card stock like the windows.
The military man’s clear belief that there were charges which could be brought against Mr Adams suggests that up to that point the Sinn Fein leader had in some way been more useful to the government outside, rather than inside, prison.
I had never seen it before.
It seems also that the Norwegian’s have decided to remove the embedded code that is in the manifesto from Breivik’s court proceedings, just like they want to refuse the core truths to Breivik’s testimony about being recruited into a secretive group/network back in 2002. Breivik has admitted that the Knights Templar stuff was all made up (pompous) as window dressing for the media, which served its purpose of framing me as being his English ‘mentor’ and deflected all media attention from the real source behind him.
I wish I had missed
"Nothing against our male artists but it is necessary to give focus and thanks to our girls and women in the culture," say the Ladies on their Kickstarter comments page.
So what is the Head of Delegation Responsible for?
Annie Claus is Coming to Town ... Hallmark Channel ... 8 AM
The assessment starts with some challenging questions.
We escaped to the surface during the day, which was inside of a fictional version of the D High School, but somehow a lot of zombie-like beings had found another way to the surface, and they were attacking the school; and the situation was bad, but the people with me and I started to fight the zombie-like being trying to save the school anyway, even though we were greatly out-numbered.
We had a fairly quiet day on Sunday so I jumped straight into making some of Leigh's recipes. I don't have a lot of experience with pastry making although I do love eating it. Ready made puff pastry sheets are usually my preferred option for when the pastry cravings hit. I started with lemon and passionfruit tarts which used a sweet shortcrust pastry. The pastry was a breeze to put together although rolling it out after the resting period took me a while. The lemony filling required little effort and as I don't own any tart cases, I made mini tarts using a muffin tray to make the cases. They were really lovely with a wonderful tangy flavour from the lemons, just my type of sweet.
- finding a great conversation partner (referred by my teacher) who is almost as good as having my own private Spanish teacher and who also is giving me lots of great advice about mountaineering activities in the Pyrenneus where she has a cabin
Miranda (32-6-1) had successfully defended the title three times prior to facing Viloria, all of those defenses coming in Mexico. He struggled to get down to 112 pounds at Friday’s weigh in, dropping two pounds in 3 hours to make the limit. Although he appeared hurt at various points, Miranda (32-6-1) weathered some hard shots from Viloria to send the fight to the judges with the outcome still in doubt.
"My dog and I have a long road ahead of us Green. Just the two of us with the help of my lovely barmaid, of course! This is my last story for a while, the one that I'm working on right now that is. And while not every story deserves a happy ending, writing gives you the power to change things. Sometimes, even the past - you know that?"
It also seems that Eru will present a mystery, as when asked why she joined the club she simply replied with “for personal reasons”. Eru herself is quite adorable, as is Houtarou trying to resist her, as is Satoshi being an encouraging friend. Their interaction is quite charming.
The morning smelled the way that spring should: damp, sweet, fecund. In the mist, the patter of a pigeon's wings echoed from across the parking lot. Dew lay heavily on the picnic table, and every twig overhead held a silvery drop. I set out, heading east. The sun had risen, but was lost behind the fog. The morning had an intimate quality, with every sound seeming both muted and closer at the same time. It reminded me of hiking on Vancouver Island, on days when the mist curled around the mountains and the ravens would follow and talk to me.
Oh that's a lie, I inked the around the image.
Despite these charitable acknowledgements, Lonergan’s argument for the existence of God, which is essentially a transcendental argument for the existence of God, is probably the only feature of his work which attracts me to him (though that probably says more about me than about him). However, I do think that his argument is worth taking the time to study him for. I do note that Lonergan’s argument, presented in the 19th Chapter of Insight, was admitted by even him to be “excessively laborious, complex and difficult”, not least of all because it requires a familiarity with his whole system of philosophy. However, he also thinks that his argument brings together all other arguments of Natural Theology (here I think he has in mind Cosmological, Teleological and Ontological arguments) since it is aimed at demonstrating clearly that which is at the foundation of all of them. Here, what I will offer is not a comprehensive exposition of the logic of his argument, but simply rather the argument in its most naked form. It looks something like this:
4. She May Call You Up Tonight
Today’s feature is an entire ministry, and one that I hold dear to my heart. I haven’t read the title book, Desiring God by John Piper, but I have heard fantastic things about it. I have also subscribed to their blog (which is exceptional) and seen a few sermons and talks (which are also extraordinary). John Piper and those who form the ministry are men hard after truth, and their desire is to know Him and to make Him known to the ends of the earth and by whatever means possible.
Time passes by in the paper maché globe
I know it is October, but here in Central Arkansas the summer is still hanging on by it's fingernails.
A frail gentleman cleared his throat
now. Mine turned out okay but it would not have
I cut a piece of corrugated cardboard with the Styled Labels die, brushed it with Gesso, edged it with Vintage Photo distress ink and then embossed the edges with a home made mix of UTEE and gold EP, just to give it a bit of visual interest and texture.
(And she has since been deleted & blocked)
The secret agenda behind this 50 nation summit is an attempt to steal 200 tons of gold that is in South Korean warehouses. That theft is not going to be allowed to go ahead so the cabalists will leave the summit empty handed.
Size: 4" x 7"
My copy was kindly supplied by Penguin – thank you.
THEOPHYL. As though He said, If the law forbids to have mercy on the sabbath-day, have no care of your son when in danger on the sabbath-day. But why speak I of a son, when you do not even neglect an ox if you see it in danger?
Janice Gaines is currently working on her debut album, to be released in the Fall of 2012. Noted for her soaring soprano range and a rich, clear tone, and supported by several of the biggest names in Gospel and Christian music, including Mary Mary, Donald Lawrence and Natalie Grant, Janice Gaines is positioned as one of the leading female vocalists in gospel music’s new generation of artists.” -(OneDayMusic)
...and let your views be known.
In the other extreme (in the good way) have been several Dutch girls (or at least girls living in the Netherlands) I have met in several milongas. These people have something that completely liberates them from clichés, dos and don’ts and makes interaction with them a very relaxing and at the same time dynamic and creative process. In Brussels I had one really amazing tanta (if not the best of the 5 days) with a Dutch girl which was so present and so communicative that I was sure she was Argentinean. In fact it was really funny as between the fantastic tangos (I was starting to lose it and getting dizzy..) we were trying to define the language in which we would talk. As her French was not good she was trying to speak to me in Spanish, with her thinking I was Belgian or French probably and me confirming that she was a super tangera from Buenos Aires!. In the end we realized that none had any ‘exotic’ origin and that English was the best choice… Tango was great though!
The delicate waxy flowers of the Holly.
Sketchbook Drawing: Drawn with fountain pen filled with black ink followed by watercolor.
Android HRM (heart rate monitoring) apps tested on i9001 Galaxy:
February 14: Love Struck Cricut Cartridge
"Oh you know a few old dears, some mums, people wanting to support the library, that kind of thing. There's one old man who likes to come in for a cup of tea and a sleep."
There's plenty of evidence for the therapeutic effects of beer after a long run, given that the bars and brewpubs around the finish of any marathon or half-marathon are full of gimpy runners celebrating with a post-race brew. But as Becca wisely asks, does beer have critical ingredients the body needs to recover from a long run? Or are the positive effects runners perceive from a post-run beer more psychological than physiological?
It's time for our 11th challenge here at Send a Smile 4 Kids and the theme is Cats and Dogs for Kids. Our generous sponsor is Digi Doodles Shop and the prize is a $10 gift certificate ro our lucky random winner. Of course, as always, the top three cards will receive a SAA4Kids blog badge to show with pride.
* 2 teaspoons baking powder
Ladakh is one of the most attractive tourist spots in India. Surrounded by the mountains on both the sides this snow land incorporates beauty, peace, calmness and serenity and is the perfect holiday destination for summers. Ladhak is also popular among tourist loving adventure sports as it offers unique adventures in trekking, mountaineering and white water rafting.
And no matter what gang you may choose (if you decide to embrace these "burgeois ideals" democrats love so much) make no mistake, you will be wearing chains on that plantation.
Black men will not stop raping white women, the figures show that thousands and thousands of them do so every year. As diversity is forced on more and more areas it will happen more and more and it will be less difficult to hide. They need that balancing prosecution. The public are stupid, but they are not that stupid, they become less likely to believe in all the white rapists in the TV cop shows if their own daughter, and the girl across the street have been raped by a black man.
Booster Action Affiliated 2 Complete Booster Action Affiliated 1 by assault Blue Kong
One thing you can say about writing for print publications: at least you get a copy editor to save you from yourself.
I would like to thank everyone who entered our first challenge and good luck to you all.
deal with performance issues: there may be problems around staff watching lengthy coverage via their computers. Why not plan for popular sporting events in advance – perhaps giving staff access to a tv during agreed times?
“The reason the Afghans have a new tomorrow is because of you,” Mr. Obama said to 3,200 cheering troops assembled before dawn on Wednesday in a cavernous hangar, against a backdrop of an American flag and several armored vehicles.
As with last year, I've kept more up-to-date with new releases in music, so my music list, to be published on Wednesday, will compile my picks for the best albums of 2011.
4 thick lamb chops, BBQ or forequarter are the best
“See now that I myself am He! There is no god besides me. I put to death and I bring to life, I have wounded and I will heal, and no one can deliver out of my hand.” Deuteronomy 32:39
Such Friends Are Dangerous by Walter Tyrer
At some point the number of people occupying Wall Street – whether that’s five thousand, ten thousand or fifty thousand – will force the powers that be to offer concessions. No one can say how many people it will take or even how things will change exactly, but there is a real potential for bypassing a corrupt political process and to begin realising a society based on human needs not hedge fund profits.
Tree ring patterns from western redcedar growing along coastal Washington clearly showed that an earthquake occurred in January 1770. It measured between 9 and 9.3 on the Richter scale. When compared to Japanese tsunami records it was discerned to have taken place on January 26, 1770; and its exact time was pinpointed 10 hours before the unrelenting wave train pummeled the Japanese coastline.
was writing that song, it took on a certain flavour. Quite empty,
Or those who used to work in manufacturing.
It has been many long dry years for the media, since the killings of Stephen Lawrence and Anthony Walker gave them the opportunity to falsely portray race hate crimes as a white on black phenomenon. There are only so many shrines which can be built in the memory of the blessed Stephen, a new totem is required, and press have been growing progressively more disparate for an up to date non-white victim and white villain combo to splash across their front pages and lead their news broadcasts.
15.) Signed Monarch Swag including Bookmarks and Posters
What I’m learning (and continue to learn) is the potency of Scripture. I started writing tonight without a conclusion, but reading this section of 1 Peter has awakened my Spirit to God’s wisdom. The instructions are right there: yield to God so he can raise me out of the muck because He loves me. Resist the devil, whose presence causes tangible tension, by remaining in the promise that God will make everything right. The Word comforts me and I have God’s peace.
Flower paper, Eline´s winter huis- happy and bright-
Problem: Terrible title
and not ideology
I call this "Dinosaur Chicken Salad" because the original recipe called for dinosaur kale, even though my local supermarket carries only curly kale. I call it "Dinosaur Chicken Salad" and make my three-year-old say, "Rawr!" like a T-Rex when we eat it. (Figuring a little extra fun can't hurt in the game to encourage veggie consumption.)
Gwyneth can piss off for all I care. And so can Jules Oliver, Myleene Klass etc.etc. They are not real. They are Robot Mums. My kids could beat their kids up anyday.
In a large bowl mix ricotta cheese and cooked spinach and set aside.
Allison Sakamoto - Brenda Song – Actress, Singer (The Social Network, The Suite Life of Zack & Cody)
Working out involves changing the cardiovascular and energetic state of the body,and detoxifying, which all equals out to sweating. Personally, I am a huge yoga enthusiast, and whether in class, at home, or on top of a mountain, I always break a sweat during an asana practice. Recently, I took up running, which is very new for me, but sweating is certainly a part of that. So whatever type of exercise you choose, it is important to move your body, change your energy level, do it safely to prevent injury and/or strain, and break a sweat, for at least 30 minutes 3-4 times a week.
1 ½ teaspoons minced parsley
And in a further coincidence, as I walked along the quayside yesterday evening in Phnom Penh, I passed the Tourist Information Office and there in front of me was a promotional poster for visiting Cambodia. And the image on that poster, with its starfish and pristine ocean was incredibly similar to the image which I am recalling regularly from my dream!
Drawn this morning, from life.
he with his sweet drink and I with my tea.
2) The tiny pub in St. Goar on the Rhine. The crazy Spanish old lady bar-tender was awesome. "Yes, Yes, world cup. You buy beer so I can retire." She had an air horn in a bar with 6 tables. Spain scored 4 goals. The first time it went off, I nearly shit my pants. The second I laughed my ass off.
You’re Mahatma Gandhi.
(Secret thought: Can I even pull his POV off?) Hmmm.
Saif’s acting is considerably intellectual in the movie and he quite looks the sassy agent part but Kareena’s attempt at playing the sexy-counterpart failed miserable and she was a tad bit painfully irritating in some of the scenes. Other characters play their part convincingly well, for instance the money-launderer Ram Bade-Acchey-Lagtey-Hai Kapoor does a fine job and Adil Hussain, Prem Chopra, Gulshan Grover has all contributed their bit in uplifting the movie.
There are lots of pundits, both amateur and professional, making all sorts of predictions about the 2008 presidential race. I'm no different in that regard. And, we all probably think we see things that allow us to draw conclusions that may or may not have any shred of reality to them by the time the election rolls around. However...
Then the mind, engrossed in beholding God, will be hampered by no obstacles of human weakness nor will it any more have to be said “The body which is corrupted, weighs upon the soul, and its earthly house presses down the sense which thinks many things” (Wisdom 9:15).
i tend to worry about things that are so out of my control - i'd love to have not 1 worry in the world, to live free of all harsh realities - i can not even imagine the connection i would develop with myself and the ones around me if this happens!
His goal is to make sense of that pile. Tibco’s mantra: the right information to the right people at the right time in the right context. “I have this idea that math now trumps science,” Ranadivé says. “The simplest example is the thermostat in your house. You don’t need to have a Ph.D. in weather. Your thermostat simply looks at the temperature, and if it gets cold, it turns the heater on. And then the minute the temperature gets too hot, it turns the heater off. You don’t need to be a weather scientist to do that, okay? Like what we did for Reliance Communications. It’s the same thing. You don’t really have to know the why of something. Or the how. You just know if a and b happen, then c will happen.”
ayushman khurrana is now enjoying a successful life story, as well as a successful debut film. Vicky Donor is the best entertainment you will get this season. its a nice break from all the expected-to-do-well-but-bombed movies. this one is smart, funny, emotional, romantic and entertaining. there’s not a dull moment in the movie. ayushman turned out to be a real surprise bomb in the movie. its not another flick where any model can pose as an actor. it was an actor’s movie. ayushman made it work. paani da rang was a sweet, melodious song, beautifully sung by ayushman himself. its not another aati kya khandala, where any superstar can speak a few words and make a song hit. it was music. ayushman made it work.
The Eden Project is a facility dedicated to the exhibition and conservation of plants and promoting issues of sustainability.
To watch his woods fill up with snow.
Gabrielle's house (her local best friend, age almost 7. Pictured above with Annalise).
The dominant sense auditory learners use is hearing. They learn best by listening to and talking with other people. As long as the sense of hearing is involved, they absorb facts and concepts more efficiently. They prefer studying in groups for the sake of the discussions. When reviewing alone, they prefer to read aloud rather than just eye-reading. They like attending lectures and participating in class discussions.
The state comptroller's office has halted $16.4 million in personal state income tax refunds, saying it has found 5,903 improper returns among those filed so far this year.
When you pass the course test, you will receive the SHARK chip accolade which you see above.
There is a drawback of this polish however, namely the durability. It shows tip wear after one day of wear and it needs top coat badly to make it last longer. I don't mind because it's not a color I wear often and the price is right. It's almost as getting it for free.
Disclaimer
24 sterile, 3- by 3-inch or 2- by 2-inch gauze pads to clean and cover wounds
Three commentaries on the relation of church consensus/ historical orthodoxy ( Catholics refer to it as “tradition”) in relation to the use of scripture.
In non-JGL/Bear mushiness, I got a boat load of stuff yesterday and will be sorting through them for a shop update. I'm also finishing up some repairs on a couple of dresses I got. They were too pretty to pass up! I really need to get my act together. I can't think straight and I haven't updated the shop in ages! I already pulled out some dandy sweaters so maybe I'll post those first. Ok? Let's go!
The ranch has recently expanded their cattle operation by clearing new land for pasture because they had more land in reserve than was required and if they did not turn it into something productive they risked losing it to the government. The Brazilian government defines productive pasture as land capable of stocking one animal weighing 450 kg on each hectare (400 lbs/ac). However, clearing this land required a permit from the government and the entire process was under their inspection. To complete the expansion project, Sergio formed several partnerships. He decided to take that route because his father had recently passed away and the ranch was short on cash. One was in the cattle operation, but the other one was something entirely different (I’ll get to that in a second).
It never would have occurred to him to hook up with Daisy if she hadn’t thrown herself at him.” (67-68 Hard Back ed.)
And I know I don’t hate, I dislike the feeling of hate.
Best Overseas Brewery :
You have grown beyond toddling
These drawing were then given to a Advanced Creative Fiction workshop where students used the images as prompts for their own short stories.
New Music
A to Z Poetry Challenge (L - Q)
Everyone seems to claim some connection with Wilbur Smith…
Systemic (global) issues can have personal implications even before a person finds out about them. Yet, many people seem to actually think that when they found out that mainstream financial institutions were unstable… is basically when the instability started. That is like thinking that when the first raindrop hits you, that is when the clouds started to gather.
so, of course, i'll totally forget the actual number, but then would you expect anything else?
“The creation of this amazing marine protected area by a small island nation in the Pacific represents a commitment of historic proportions; and all of this by a country that is under serious threat from sea-level rise attributed to global warming,” said CI President Russell A. Mittermeier.
I love it, I have a work top - bliss. I have to say I love the tiled floor, all my own handiwork.
Ultimately, Mario is defeated in a manner very similar to DK’s initial defeat. Unlike Mario, Junior does not mind using violence against his foes, and kills all manner of beast, bird, and robotic crocodile with fruit. Obviously, the black man does not share the same reverence for life that the white carpenter does. Ultimately, DK is freed and Mario is defeated, but the fact remains that the entire trouble never would have started had the ape been able to keep his libido under control. While Donkey Kong Jr. does serve as an indictment on slavery, the game still suggests that apes, or rather blacks, should be in a lesser role than whites in American society, nay, in the entire world. These games serve as an argument for the “separate but equal” clause that plagued America following the emancipation of black slaves. The games are unapologetically racist. Worse yet, they are seen as classics, reproduced in modern video games like Animal Crossing and Mario versus Donkey Kong and fully ingrained in our society. Is that really what we want children to learn when they pick up a controller?
Blend liquid into dry ingredients a little at a time. Add remaining flour until dough remains soft but does not stick to sides of bowl or kettle.
Punggol Point Walk (1.2km)
Aaaand, next week is Ben’s birthday, so we will have some celebrating to do!!
You know what I don't understand? People with no grit. You know, the kind that don't have any gumption, don't have a "lust" for life, people that don't go after what they want, who are waiting for life to happen to them. I don't really know what is behind this, maybe it is a personality thing. It just seems like I have met a lot of people like that lately, surprisingly most of them are young. Why do I find this surprising? Because young people have non-stop energy, or at least that is what I thought and that is how I was at their age and really at 25 continue to have more that enough energy to go around. So what is it that makes so many young people so... apathetic? Lack luster? Most of the time I do not even know how to label it.
The Leejaedi Productions site isn’t one of those Big Bang Fansites that you see in the search engines mentioned above. What we want to do is to help people find the exact things they want. And this post aims to help you find the BEST BIG BANG FANSITE (written in English language only) in the world. Read “about” page for more info about us.
Well, on Monday I saw her in the elevator so instead of seeing her and “suddenly” decide to go to the bathroom, I went home with her and I spent a nice time. )))
Cheap Imitations - Emil
For starters, we know that pets are beneficial to people with health vulnerabilities: owning a pet is associated with greater longevity after a heart attack (Friedmann & Thomas, 1995) and less depression among HIV-positive men (Siegel et al., 1999). But until a quirky set of studies last year, we didn't know whether this link was causal (i.e., pets somehow stave off depression) instead of rooted in an underlying common factor (e.g., the capacity to take care of a pet), or whether the benefits of pet ownership would extend to a healthy population.
My first impression is that we have here some excellent examples of the religious practices at the beginning of Iron II, and they seem to be similar to what we have found at other Iron II religious sites throughout Judah, Samaria, Jezreel, and Galilee. But at the same time, I think Garfinkel and Ganor may be reading too much into these artefacts. To say that these boxes are miniatures of the Ark of God is a claim that can only be made with reference to the descriptions of the Ark in biblical literature. This raises a methodological issue as to whether they are letting the biblical text colour their thinking of ordinary artefacts. But besides that, the boxes don’t seem to resemble the descriptions of the Ark very closely.
- pasta or pizza and fruit: 1 day per week
You see, that chair makes me smile. And, quite honestly, before I brought it into the space, nothing made me smile. I was trying so hard to create a space that felt a certain way that I forgot about joy. We get so much out of our spaces. They help to make us feel one way or another. The colors, textures, shapes, sizes, and smells, all create an experience. Without something - or many things - that make us smile, it becomes very difficult to experience joy in a space. The pink chair was just what the space needed - just what I needed.
Thanks to iFly Singapore I was invited for an indoor skydiving session (yah can do skydiving INDOORS!!!! Like so cool right!!!!) at iFly Singapore Sentosa!!!!!!
There’s some great scenery here, including flight crews that check in and out…wearing flight suits. Yum. Downtown, and all the party action (not that we necessarily participate in it), Mallory Square, Duvall St, is within a healthy walking distance, and we spend a lot of time doing that! Between the exercise walking that we do pretty much every day, and the walking downtown, around, and back again, I should be a stick by the time we leave, or like Angelina Jolie at the recent awards (she is way too much of a stick and I don’t believe I’ll have that problem anytime soon, alas!)
Row 5- (sc in 2sc, 2sc in next) around (12)
Hostage said he believes this risk is not a risk he expects his Airmen to take alone. In an effort to learn more about the aircraft and get a better understanding of what F-22 pilots are dealing with, ACC’s commander will soon begin flying the Raptor.
Hubby & still haven’t managed to go out on a ride with his new wheels yet… He got stuck at work late. Meh. Hopefully we’ll get at least one ride in before this weekend – since we won’t be able to then… gonna be traveling out of state.
Gregory: omg you are awesome
This worksheet can be kept at centers, used with literature circles, guided reading groups, used independently or as assessments. Click on the image for the free download.
but it's going DOWN....
Especially in the new environment college has to offer. What I don’t understand is why some individuals feel the need to do the most to become part of a certain group in campus organizations. We have seen and still see headlines of students dying because they drank too much water or consumed copious amounts of alcohol to the point of death and relate this back to fraternity hazing. The general public assumes all hazing is coming from “frats”. Fraternities have been known to haze members before one can become a brother of the organization. Society gets this stereotypical image of a frat because of Animal House. What we don’t see is that all types of organizations from band to dance teams are hazing members before they can become “official” members. It is a right of passage and usually the tradition was passed from generations before.
It was fun. I'm still not all that interested in sewing (fine motor agitation!!), but I loved hanging out & learning & laughing with Maya all morning!
The fundamentally reductive structure of the news means that all will be reduced to a series of verbs, nouns, adverbs, and occasional adjectives, with static frames to hang a stone in the air.
Olive oil, 1/4 cup dripped over the turkey breast
I’d swear there was a scuffling sound
Witches and vampires came to Thorn to be inked as she was able to invoke spells into her
Dr. Dante folded his arms. "I had no idea who they were. All I heard were intruders. I was protecting your home, and Xenith."
I have to say, for someone who adores Greek mythology, this has got to be one of my favourite stories with a mythology spin. It's not about the usual Olympians. It's not about being heroic and it's not overly tacky with too many references. It focuses mainly on the underworld, Persephone, and Orpheus' tale. It's a brilliant, fresh view on Greek mythology!
So the general consensus is that I should man the fuck up and just ask her out.
Someone’s bound to discover what we’ve done, he thought. He feels a tightness surging through him like a huge snake squeezing and twisting his chest until he has to force himself to breathe. A negative and a positive reaction still leave me at zero…, not a solid foundation of reasoning to continue…, one more time. He bends slightly over, briskly rubs his chest, and moans, “Ahhh”. It has to end one way or the other…, tonight, the stress is wearing me down. He straightens up, takes a long deep breath, and walks toward the elevator. He moans, “We’re stealing souls”.
The boys passed out as soon as they got in the car and slept all the way to our next stop - IKEA. A trip to Orlando isn't complete without a trip here. They weren't too happy when they woke up from their nap, but it quickly changed when they saw where they were and remembered they had a play area. Trevor had worked so hard and being potty trained so he could go play this time. Unfortunately they only one spot left so I didn't let either one of the boys go in - talk about disappointment. Now we had to shop pretty fast.
In common with many businesses currently, homebuilders now encounter almost insurmountable difficulty in funding for the costs of site purchase, development and of construction, not to mention the difficulties which, though bearing upon intending purchasers in their search for mortgage finance, ultimately militate against the homebuilder’s capacity to repay his borrowings and realise his profit. Let us for the moment consider the homebuilder’s initial or working capital difficulties.
been killed two months earlier as a result of injuries incurred in
You see, they are completely different! What acumen! What talent! What splendor!
i wanted to ascend into pure love and light... but i was way too afraid.
The resist I used on this card was versamark. I used my VM pad to stamp my background stamp then applied the Seedless Preserve ink over it.
I hope you'll join in the Ready-Teddy-Go challenge #10!!
thank goodness for candids.
The apology appeared to be recognition of the groundswell against the ruling coalition ahead of a general election that must be held by next year.
*My brother Nick and his wife Codi are expecting their first child!! I mean, CHILDREN!! That's right, they are pregnant with Twins! :) I'm so excited for them!
Greetings, readers! I greatly appreciate IPKat's invitation to come and guest blog for the first half of 2012. I hope to show that the gracious invitation was well-bestowed, and I look forward to lively (but polite) discussions with many of you on U.S. IP issues.
Unfortunately, the effect of the decision is somewhat mitigated by the Supreme Court's holding that, although the courts are required to consider EPO decisions and those rendered in other European Patent Convention member states, the deviation of a national court from such decisions does not constitute grounds to appeal to the Supreme Court. From the perspective of harmonization, such a ruling might have been desirable".It's interesting to see how the shall-we-or shan't-we debate about referring to decisions of other jurisdictions and of the EPO is conducted in the major European patent-litigating nations. If any reader fancies doing some comparative research on this topic, leading ideally to an article for the Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice (JIPLP), I'll be delighted to hear from him or her.
Skepoet Do you consider the elements to be physical or metaphysical concepts or both?
Because my worth is not dependent on someone else’s skewed opinion of me.
3 medium carrots, peeled & cut into 1 inch pieces
It was a snowy and blustery night, but it was warm and cozy inside the library. There was hot cider, there were cookies to decorate, there were snowflake balloons on sticks that doubled as weapons for a crowd of little boys who had eaten too many of those cookies.
“With Jaejoong hyung…” I mumbled. I decided to wait for Yoochun until I fell asleep.
5. I discovered this great comedian whilst I was on earth - he's called George W Bush. I make a point of tuning in to Earth television on a regular basis so I can cackle at his antics. He is just sooo funny - and I've realised he cannot possibly mean anything he says because its all too ludicrous for words. Great comedy, Georgie, you're blessed with comedic genius.
After all candles are given the right place, I start thinking about redecorating some room corners.
13Then you may be certain that the Lord your God will not go on driving these nations out from before you; but they will become a danger and a cause of sin to you, a whip for your sides and thorns in your eyes, till you are cut off from this good land which the Lord your God has given you.
What a dilemma. In a good way, of course. The dilemma alone is something to be thankful for! To have an abundance of fresh apples and pumpkins, plus the ability to make a gluten-free vegan homemade treat from a warm and cozy kitchen. Very, very thankful for the abundance of food and pleasures that we are able to have. Much to be thankful for, and much to share.
Trying to get caught up AND getting ready to leave tomorrow for Disney. We are so excited to be able to spend a week at Disney with the kids and with Stampin' Up! Let the fun begin!!!
This motor vehicle, futuristic flying transportation concept is intended for 2 people. It almost looks like a flying kite with its inimitable tail, but Anoop M. says he was inspired by a “moving shark”. The tail of this flying mechanism can move upward and act as a propeller when flying, it moves downward in order to utilize the wheel for the purpose of landing, just like an airplane.
In L/A we spent some time with the fable Jack and the Beanstalk. We completed a narration and illustration of the story and discussed the moral of the story. My three year old son has particularly liked stomping around the house shouting, "FEE FI FO FUM!" over and over again. E and I are really ready to move on to something else next week! Let's hope he'll be ready to move on too.
A Story of the West by Susan Spence is an historical novel about a cowboy and his lady. Matt Daly is a cattle rancher in Montana. Lavina Lavold is a shopkeepers daughter who moves to Montana from big city life on the east coast. They fall in love.
This strongly parallels a Messianic prophecy found in Psalm 22:
gave it to me loud and clear: Husband,
I don't go gaga over shoes.
Does one of these enigmatic neighbors have blood on their hands?
1234 **D-II/8/1996. “Setting the Record Straight.” Talk to Law Students, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1997(9), above, pp. 124-34.)
“I really should go… I need to get back to my apartment and gather up my things” he heads towards the door, but then suddenly turns around and looks at her.
Under the tail, I look straight up at the roaring APU. Its exhaust is blasting the rain drops into a foggy plume blown east in the wind. There is something unique about this scene, but I cannot put my finger on it at the moment... Something to think about over Colorado.
I wish we could visit their hill side village to see their unique way of life but 6 hours drive to remote mountain with kids were not an easy thing to do. Instead We went to the area where Thai government brought them for the tourist. They get paid. You have to pay entrance fee to see them.
Mr Byrne insisted: 'My letter was a joke, from one Chief Secretary to another. I do hope David Laws's sense of humour wasn't another casualty of the coalition deal.'But a furious Mr Laws hit back, saying it was 'all too true' that Labour had left finances in an 'utterly ruinous state'.Experts are warning that 25 per cent spending cuts in most government departments are now necessary - the biggest seen for 65 years. Chancellor George Osborne is preparing to unveil the first tranche, worth £6billion, next week.I do hope that Liam Byrne dies slowly an painfully from cock cancer the utter evil cunt that he is, along with every fucking other labour politician each and every one of which was complicit in the scorched earth, spend all our money policies of New Labour.
Turn dough out onto floured work surface. Knead gently until dough comes together, about 7 turns. Divide in half. Shape each half into ball; flatten each into 6-inch round. Place rounds on ungreased baking sheet, spacing 5 inches apart. Brush tops with beaten egg white. Sprinkle lightly with ground black pepper. Using small sharp knife, cut 1/2-inch-deep X in top of each dough round.
But that would be to imply that those associations carried just as much political import as those of Jane Doe numbers One, Two and Three.
After creating this circus around his teammates and the organization, he suddenly has a change of heart? Why put everyone, including the fans, through all of this if you aren’t all in one way or the other? Wouldn’t you be better served just to keep your mouth shut? This made Howard look even more like a dumbass. To top it all off, he then blames his dumbass behavior on the “bad advice” that he was given. If he was dumb enough to listen to this bad advice, I hope he was smart enough to fire the person(s) that was giving him the advice. It sure seems he wasn’t smart enough to think for himself either way it goes.
I got out of the shower and immediately began to book the trip.
What's done is done. Either your son already knows he shouldn't have hit his sister, and he feels bad about it already, or he doesn't know. Either way, you can offer a gentle reminder to your son that people don't like to be hit, but you can't undo the action. The best you can do is figure out how to prevent a similar thing from happening again. Why was he in a position to hit his sister? Did you walk away from your kids when you knew one was in a volatile mood? Try to be more careful about leaving them alone together for a while. Bring one of them with you when you have to tend to something else.
After all, there is nothing so mysterious or complicated about fishing that a motivated person can’t learn how to do it on his own – But that implies taking personal responsibility for one’s well-being and, as we know, dependent blacks reject that notion with every ounce of pathetic passion they can muster.
I, Sarah C of Musings of a Seamstress, sign up as a participant of Me-Made-May '12. I endeavor to wear at least 1 different handmade item each day for the duration of May 2012 with no repeats!
The Aspiration
Political correctness has polluted our language and clouds our every discussion.
+Participate: The way forward for marketers is to design marketing that adds value to people’s lives and embrace participation
Have a great day, xx
Our challenge from napowrimo today, 27 April, is to write a nursery rhyme or clapping rhyme. Napowrimo say ‘Most nursery and clapping rhymes have strong rhythms, use rhyme and repetition extensively, and aren’t overly concerned with making sense.’
know how much but and am afraid it might
Have a super evening!
Or could this be our lot in life?
1:22: Sex? Important! Muscles? Important! Maintaining bone health? Ehh, that’s cool, I guess.
Is this giving me a clue about how to encourage creativity in my organisation?
yes (+8)
of sin.
I sometimes wonder if the Left refuses to consider any suggestion from Republicans simply because it comes from Republicans. Obama keeps insisting that the economy is recovering, fut he has no answer for job growth.
Originally I was going to cover the chair in purple fur for Katelyn to have as a reading chair in her room but not that she and Drew share a room there isn't enough space. The only fabric that I could find that I even liked the pattern and the color ended up being a set of sheets from Walmart (Better Homes and Gardens) and it was a huge cost savings. So much cheaper to buy twin sheets then that same amount of material off the bolt.
Sunday at 3:30 p.m., ESPN shows college softball between Missouri and Oklahoma.
The US and EU have openly unleashed their fundamentalists allies in order to destroy independent adversaries in the name of “democracy” and ‘humanitarian intervention’, a laughable claim in light of decade long colonial wars of occupation in Iraq and Afghanistan. All target regimes have one crime in common: Using their national resources to develop modern secular states – independent of imperial dictates.
The word is discreet.
Despite the daily media propaganda, there is considerable untapped wealth in Ireland. The country is not broke. Ireland remains 6th out of 27 EU countries in financial wealth, but of course, this wealth is concentrated in a few hands. The Central Bank reported in May that there is €120 billion in Irish bank deposits – why could a wealth tax not be imposed on this rather than taking from households, from our education and health services? Massive natural gas and oil resources could also be explored for the benefit of Irish society, rather than for one or two multinationals.
Mentally, this was definitely the hardest one so far. When after 45 minutes I realized I most likely had another 25 to go, I nearly stopped for ice cream instead.
- Sew heat packs for Callum and Dale. - done
2. those of the "sand surf and beach".
I was going to die. This was some biblical thing, wasn't it? THIS is what boils looks like, right? Shit. I'm becoming a zombie. The world is ENDING.
I'm kicking things off with some images from my all-time favorite Sci-Fi movie, "Forbidden Planet." You might enjoy seeing these images if you haven't before, which highlight the sexy, impish Altaira, played by the lovely Anne Francis. One envies Robby, as Jerry Farnam said! This is only the first entry on the subject, there will be others with more photos and behind the scenes extras!
I hope that by the end of today, there will be a working bathroom in my house.
ive been getting super along with my sister lately and i love it,
My drawing room also contains a large portion of my artwork. In fact, I've hung most all of my portraiture in the room. A collection of black & white and colour photography, etchings, and oil painting from numerous periods all mix together . . . from wall to wall and floor to ceiling.
But then I started to have many realizations day by day.
I have to cook my own red bean paste as I couldn't find any commercial fillings here in this Kangaroo Land. I soaked the red beans over night. Boiled and smashed them the next day and finally fry them along with sugar in 2:1 ratio.
So my SOTU is to find a market for my editorial and other skills. I don’t give a rat’s patoot what the President will say Wednesday evening. He’s not the solution. He is the problem.
It was hard.
Before he drove off, he asked me if I had forgiven him, and I should at least forgive her. I told him that I had never blamed her, and objectively he was the asshole in the whole situation.
Paula~
Formed at the tail end of the Nigerian civil war by Harry Mosco Agada (then a guitarist in Celestine Ukwu’s Music Royals) the band played for the army’s 12th Brigade in Aba and went through a rapid series of membership changes in search of the perfect line-up of players.
If you can tell in the picture, most of the models are wearing black with hints of red. Of course, there is red in the hair, but I guess I just expected with a color like red that it would have been more edgy and sexy. I wasn't all that impressed with the make up either.
So what successes am I going to be celebrating. Well it has to be the progress I've made with my burlesque dancing.
Kay, despite the stripey tights, undyed cheesecloth drapes and general air of umbrage of her calling, liked having me around as I represented the native Welsh in her selection box of oppression. I was just happy for her braided hair to hover over my coal-streaked shoulder as she head-tilted to me about our Great Vowel Famine.
We all are role models. Are the messages we’re sending the ones we want received by those who look up to us and admire us? Recently, someone I work with received a telephone call from a relative. This young lady was in the middle of making decisions about her life and where and how she would spend her time.
A couple of years ago while on holiday in Adelaide, I decided to talk a walk from my hotel in North Adelaide towards the city along the river. The Adelaide River flowed in a deep cleft with the footpath running parallel alongside it and steep banks on either side. It was early afternoon during the middle of the week. The scenery was lovely but I couldn't help feeling vulnerable as I was out of sight and earshot for a lot of the walk.
Of course, an overt indication of the exact plot twist would have ruined its impact entirely, but I felt like it needed something to unsettle the player a little more and make them feel more uneasy about carrying out Dormin’s wishes. The cut-scene went some way in achieving this goal, but when there’s no dialogue between Lord Emon and his fellow shamen to explain their haste (just “Only a little more to go”), it might as well not have taken place at all. I just felt like it needed a few extra words to tip the balance into that hotly touted questionable territory (or perhaps I was just being unobservant).
Lisans in hand, in word an athlete, in reality just a person who enjoys the fact that she can run again, I was ready to make the call and register for the race.
For these people, cucina povera (peasant cooking) was a necessity. And even though most of us can afford to indulge in small culinary luxuries nowadays, that doesn't mean we shouldn't respect the bounty that's available or waste food either. Eating what's in season, making simple dishes from the freshest ingredients, and preserving foods for the lean days of winter are lessons we can all benefit from in order to live healthier lives and preserve resources.
mad monk abbottabad
Laetitia died on the scene. Her husband, a well-known veterinarian, was hit in the back. He is in a serious but stable condition in Wilgers Hospital in Pretoria.
I know I can do better than this match, but when I found my Nursery School picture while cleaning the basement, I couldn't resist photoshopping us together.
Jagred was willingly involved in dark business – a novice summoner he might be, yes, but he wasn’t about to let other, more experienced summoners show him up just because they had a few years on him. He was ready to get his hands dirty. He was ready to break a few rules, even if that meant allying himself with a unscrupulous individual as Swain.
This morning I went in to get him to find his pants on the floor but his diaper still on. Phew!
Bord Gais Eireann, Alternative Energy, Deals By Sector, 2006 to YTD 2012 7
ACTRESS
Ale:
On the spot
1/3 cup light corn syrup
to live and let live we must inform and be informed
and have no compassion on the child she has borne?
Text received a minute ago from Chiz – “Stel says yes. So cu friday. Will head to hut.
But in my experience, it’s often in these slightly lower areas that you get the most interesting games. They may be rough around the edges, they may not be perfect, but by golly they have soul.
Honestly, I had a lot more to say in my post earlier today, but the agitation caused by relocating my blog (Blogger wanted me to use Google Chrome and I don’t feel like changing something I’m completely comfortable with) and then my very first post being deleted, just irks me. So with that, I leave this post.
3.Smile whenever you look at your wobbly fish!
I’ve often read in parenting magazines that it helps to establish a routine at bedtime. Oh we have a routine, but trust me, it doesn’t help at all.
Upon reaching the destination, the PRC passenger refused to pay the taxi driver and started to attack him. He then got into the taxi and drove off hitting the cleaner at the driveway in front of the Budget Terminal moments later.
The clothes really do make the man. Or in this case, the pie-maker.
Today was Eddie's only day off this entire week before Christmas (you gotta love retail....), so we headed out early to finish up some shopping. It wasn't so bad - no, really! It wasn't too bad. But, it's pretty obvious that people are beginning to get stressed as the holiday bears down on us. And, for some odd reason, it seems that people's driving skills seem to diminish as they get more stressed......
Anyway, in the end I had to bring the agent a copy of my father’s 호적 (ho-juk, family register)… as proof that I was not on it? He felt bad for me running around and since I was already issued the F-4 he went ahead and did my application for my residency report for my residency card. It only cost me 15,000 won and 3.5 hours with Mr. Lee. Interesting note about this, the officer only allowed it because I am female. If I had been male there would’ve been a lot of other problems – mainly that I would’ve been required to serve in the army (as is mandatory for all male citizens). This could mean problems for my brother, who is 19 now, though I think at the time of his birth my parents were citizens…but that’s for him to figure out.
In these Food Indoor Markets you can find everything: fresh and cure meats, fish, seafood, cheeses, fruit, breads, sweets… And all with the best quality. You can do you daily shopping there, that is the idea. They are not posh and expensive markets. With the exception of San Miguel, that has been refurbished recently and it is more a Delicatessen space.
from such a small machine.
Looking at Cain, it is vital to note that he did not outwardly turn from the faith; he was there sacrificing with his brother Abel, who offered the sacrifice which God wanted. Cain, on the other hand, decided to make his own sacrifice, which God disapproved of. So, an angry and jealous Cain turned on Abel and took his life.
Christmas itself brought with it an 18 pint box of Westerham's Godswallop, incredibly easy to drink all day by a roaring fire, under wooden beams (not a Christmas card, but my parents' place in Kent).
They did it all the time, and made money with it, so why not keep on doing it?
The moon of white turns to red
Uncover; sprinkle with remaining 2/3 cup Mexican cheese and 1/3 cup green onions. Bake, uncovered, 15 minutes or until cheese melts. Let stand 15 minutes.
- Handles still leave holes that will allow dust and dirt to settle inside the box and on its contents.
She woke up just to fight
I also appreciate the ties of family, between Clem and her sister, between her and their parents. I love how her parents push but not too much, how they care without managing to suffocate. It is special to me when parents play a huge role in a book, and Melissa pulls it off well.
Alan Loney / The Path of the Text / 3-4
- Hospitalization is the only excuse to not show up.
The albums are long gone, but the music has never died. Another of my father's many gifts that carried me from one day to the next, from despair to hope. A gift I will cherish always, and that I have passed on to my daughter.
* Artistic Tuesday will open Monday night at 7pm and be open until the following Sunday night at midnight.
"Ooh, can I have that in writing?" she said.
Mrs Mojo still hasn't come home so I'm muddling along without her... I promise not to moan though as I must be boring you all senseless by now! I decided a day off from cardmaking was needed today, see if that helps - so I'm not even going to open the craft room door. I'm watching the Wimbledon semi-finals instead lol.
Morello: Players have been complaining about Irelia’s sustain.
This is forty cat
RND 10: *sc in first st, dec over next 2 st)*, repeat around (8 stitches)
But this is also for the new word up at
“How’s it going?” I asked, feeling like I had to say something. “Getting lunch, I see.”
On the face of it, that recommendation seemed reasonable, which I am sure is why the Government came forward with proposals to implement it, having seen that both Badman and the Select Committee supported it. However, it was not recognised that the Government’s formal consultation on the Badman recommendations had shown that, far from being uncontroversial, the proposal had attracted opposition from 75% of those who responded, with only 13% agreeing. Why would that be the case? Why would families be concerned about having the power to return their children to school within 20 days, with no restriction whatever on their freedoms and no delay forced on the start of their home education? The answer lies in the behaviour of local authorities.
In saucepan, stir together sugar and cornstarch.
Let me just say... I wasn't sure (once again) that I was going to make it on time. Life just seems to take so many different directions... and is so ever changing! For example... my boss asked me Saturday to work on Sunday. That wasn't a problem at all, I was happy to do it... but it wasn't planned. Crafting was planned! Monday was errand day with my dear husband. We don't always have 'date time'... but spending time with him running errands is enough sometimes. Well, our errand time somehow lead us to truck shopping... and then truck buying. Yes, I have a new truck! Well... new to me anyway. It is a 10 year old F150... but I am more than thrilled to have it! Anyway... all the interruptions to my crafty time meant I had to really focus this evening to get things done. And... I'm happy to report... I met the deadline.
FB: Dude, she is REALLY famous here. It's like going to sing for Missy Elliot. That's amazing, I'm telling the lab right now, they're gonna freak OUT. YOU singing for Diam's HA! Wait....you're singing opera??
Many people wake up in the morning to go to a place where they trade their time for money. They do this day after day, month after month, and year after year. They wonder why they can never get ahead in life. They can’t seem to figure out why seemingly only a few people reach financial independence. What these people fail to realize is their linear income producing activities will never yield them the type of harvest they so desperately desire. I say if that sounds like you then it’s time to get out of line!
Of the moon.
The story is about a young girl who runs away from home, to get out of the cold she breaks into an old theater. As is Trans-Siberian Orchestra’s way, the theater is filled with mementos and memories, ghosts and spirits who, with the help of an elderly caretaker, work to turn the girl’s life around.
In short, we collectively refused to commit to anything – to buying a house, to marrying, to having decent insurance, even to place. We found ourselves choosing to move back into our parent’s house instead of staying with that job that didn’t meet our standards or living in that city we could no longer stand. The choice to reenter the comfort of our familial womb or to engage in hobbies of conventions long since past (gardening, farming, canning, biking, etc.) was our way of regaining a sense of stability while not, at least in our minds, losing ourselves in the process.
Fittingly, the next verse of the song reads, “You’re my friend and you are my brother, even though you are a king.” The king of the universe does not sit on a distant throne unmoved by human travail. No, while he does occupy a lofty position, he also moves freely about, ready to provide the water we cry for.
I told him that it was legal in some states.
Katie has some great ideas as well. I will attempt to make and hang pictures for our own Stations of the Cross around the house.
As painful as this thing has been
Experience Required: None
Still there's something simple and cleansing about this poem. It captures the mood of spring and April, a month Eliot was to describe as the cruelist month.
I used to watch their zany, knockabout antics a lot in their T.V show the monkees, when I was younger. They should put them back on the box. As for their head trip movie Head , wow...... well worth checking out. Far out.
I had "met" last March
(And catching the weeds early.)
Just peeking in for a bit until Steve gets home. I feel like being sort of random and scattered and actually doing something relaxing (like typing about everything and nothing) instead of running around feeling guilty for everything I should be doing.
To start your Sunday with a sizzle, Mlle Ella suggests "Tu veux ou tu veux pas" by the ultimate French coquette, Brigitte Bardot.
Cut the potatoes into halves or quarters, depending on their size. You want all the pieces to be similar in size so they cook evenly. Put them in a large saucepot, fill with cold water until potatoes are just covered. Add a pinch of salt. Cover the pot and boil the potatoes until they are just fork tender, about 10 minutes. Drain the potatoes.
Une Année à Florence (A Year in Florence, 1841)
This could not ring more true. I want to build the team I am apart of, and when met with opposition or inconsideration, it will not stop me from doing my job. I will continue building relationships.
Made to be lovers of the life and the land
So the front of the card is fairly simple, patterned paper matted onto mirror board before layering onto the front of an A5 card.
Happy anniversary Will and Kate. It’s been one year since my friends and I watched the wedding, and one of the (usually) sharpest among us, upon hearing that the maid of honour Philippa was about the enter, asked where Kate’s sister Pippa was.
Billed as the “derby of all derbies”, the contest began in strangely cagey fashion, but with Samir Nasri and Sergio Aguero tearing into United’s five-man midfield, City were the team providing the main spark and threat.
You think you are a hidin’,
So, her first day finally arrived and she very excitedly galloped down the hallway to her classroom. I put on a brave face and walked my little girl into her preschool class. I looked around at all the moms dropping off their children. I think the average age of these parents was fifteen. When did everyone get so young? Oh well, that’s okay, I thought to myself. I’m a very young looking forty-year-old. No one would ever guess me to be forty. Just last month, I was carded at the grocery store for buying a bottle of wine. (Nevermind the fact that I’d driven miles out of my way just to buy my wine in a neighboring town that has to card every single person by law whether they look eight or eighty.)
We then went downstairs to 'Concrete' to enjoy and intimate cabaret...Chabaret!...we estimate the audience was 100 - 150 folks. The evening was in aid of Twelveathon - a mad bugger running twelve marathons in 2012 to raise £12,000 for UNICEF and a less well known but very worthwhile cause Scene and Heard.
Two points:
Ugh. I live in a northern suburb of New York City, where entitlement is like oxygen — everywhere, invisible and taken utterly for granted. Size 00 women drive $80,000 cars, live in 10,000 square foot mansions paid for by largely invisible husbands working 100-hour weeks. Yet their hyper-tutored SAT-prepped children are often such little social savages my gynecologist had to draw up a two-page single-space contract (!) explaining how they must behave in her office.
Come on hands up how many of you thought of Twilight when you saw a challenge for Black, White and a splash of Red??? Obviously I did and considering I just got these fab Twilight stamps from Artful Inkables that my GF Michelle (aka sf9erfan) sent on for me - how could I resist??? :) Actually I managed to combine 3 challenges in this card - Jen's, Kim's and Sharon's. This card is going to the 15yr old daughter of one of my friends who is a huge Fanpire!!! Hope she likes it!!!
Although there are only a few spots remaining, it can't hurt to contact us if you want to sign up for the waiting list. There could be a cancellation between now and December. But do not despair! If you don't get in this time, it's okay. This will surely not be the last of the ORS retreats. :)
Supplies: Glitz Design “French Kiss” Papers Glitz Design “Happy Travels” Papers Glitz Design “French kiss” Peek-A-Boos Glitz Design “Happy Travels, Pretty in Pink” Cardstock Stickers Glitz Design Teeny Alphas Glitz Design “French Kiss” Whatnots Glitz Design “French Kiss and Happy Travels" Epoxy Stickers Glitz Design “French Kiss” Acrylic Stamps Other: Zutter Bind-It All Zutter O Wires (Antique 1 ¾”) Zutter Chipboard 4”X4” Flower: Maya Road Stickpin: Maya Road Charm: Epiphany Crafts Bubble Cap: Epiphany Crafts Epoxy Tool: Epiphany Crafts Button Tool: Epiphany Crafts Buttons: Epiphany Crafts Baker’s Twine: Scrap Pantry (Esty) Heart punch: Creative Memories Glue: Beacon’s Zip Dry Glimmer Mists: Tattered Angels Chalkboard Mists: Tattered Angels Paint: Tattered Angels
Seen through the eyes and quirky humor of Ava Bigfoot, readers witness the Bigfoot’s family ties crumbling away under their shrinking family fortunes.
This book is out there. Way out there. This book is past out there and looking back on it in a rearview mirror. And I loved it.
AVATAR just might be the rare Cameron movie that gets better as it gets older, however, and as discussion of the film starts digging beneath the surface to examine the themes and issues at play here, AVATAR might be seen as a film that’s more than just a landmark effects film. Dismissing AVATAR as an empty spectacle is as much a mistake as dismissing it simply because he turns Indians blue.
I think you've bypassed your dilemma. Here is your actual dilemma: You can download all the songs you want and feel no guilt whatsoever because she doesn't get one word of the innuendo or otherwise. They may as well all be in French, or Swahili. What difference does it make, really if she doesn't understand any of it? It really is just a beat. As long as she doesn't bop around town singing it, nothing bad has happened.
He lives to bless me with his love
There are so many effects to choose from and most salons do offer them. Perfect for a special occasion. Mine lasted for a week on my fingers, before they started looking untidy. I want to have them on my toes for next summer as they last a good 8 to 10 weeks!!
8) Spread the mixture evenly on the paper and line another one on top of the mixture.
- A new job that would allow me to stay in the US to work for a year!
Kayla hesitated, both her arms wavering ever so slightly. The dreams she had recently spoke of her own torture, of the fears she harbored against reality–the things that had been denied to her for so long, that nothing could be easily separated from truth or fiction.
The Upsetters - Long Time Dub
I value you all so much - and am always thrilled to read your comments, get your e-mails, and see photos of your own projects you've completed that have been inspired by this blog. What an honor to have all of you in my life. Thank you!
Fast delivery...
Pomegranate skin itself contains substances that can prevent diarrhea. Because the content can be efficacious in which poison the tapeworm using pelletierine alkaloid substance, which is the first alkaloid found in the fruit. Therefore, rind has been used in traditional medicine, which is used to eliminate intestinal worms and diarrhea.
It's the eerie Brothers Grimm fairytale type atmosphere created by Director Michael Dougherty that lifts this above the usual Halloween slasher story as it combines legends and folklore and weaves them into today's society.
1) What food item was one of your favorites this year - a definite keeper?
Reverend Doctor Curtis ****
This week sales have been good so far. This week I've had sales every day since Sunday and sold around $100 worth. I recently started marking my items higher and doing free shipping. I plan on doing this method as long as the sales keep rolling in. As of right now, I'm still very happy with the store. I miss doing auctions and probably will do that occasionally, but I like knowing what I'll be getting for an item if it sells. My goals for this week is to get my store up to 75 items. I had that amount almost listed last week, but almost half of those were auctions from the free listing promo, that ended last week. So, if your trying to list more and want to challenge/motivate each other, feel free to email me.
These words from the confessed murderer of 70+ people in last year’s Norway attacks came as a bit of a WTF to me. I’m not on the cutting edge of modern fascist terminology (heck, I still use “fifth column”), so it was a surprise to learn that “multiculturalism” was enough of a threat to warrant a massacre. Yes, I know they love their racial purity (hey, it’s better than admitting they don’t get laid), but what happened in Norway was not racism. Racist violence is by definition directed against other races; this episode of violence was directed at his own ethnic group in the name of a corrupt elitist concept. No, this is something else, a rabbit-hole that leads nowhere good and reeks even worse than racism.
At 6’5”, 273 lbs. Jack Crawford looks the part of an NFL defensive end. He is, however, a raw prospect at this point – he’s only been playing football for just over five years but did start for Penn State the last three. Crawford gives the Raiders a much-needed pass rusher. He’s athletic and big, and has the frame to add bulk. Crawford is another project pick who probably won’t contribute for a year or two, but for now, he gives Oakland some much needed depth on the defensive front.
I'm fucking pissed off!! And the pain I continue to experience with this current illness....well it fucking pisses me off. I will take being depressed just abt any day over this. HELL...the pain makes me depressed. At least when I'm depressed and at my lowest..
We've arrived in Ulaan Baatar! A week of wandering in the wilderness through Mongolia has finally brought us to our destination, in fine health (and with a fully intact Catmobile, too).
I had so much fun making it all and I hope you all enjoy it.
Why would I recommend this book: It is much easier to read than Pride and Prejudice, naturally there is a few very old British words, but it is still easy reading. And even the story line is very good, if you get to read past needless ramblings…
if you can call it that
With that burst of open, honest truthfulness, I’m going to take another run at finding my old friend Jed through the internet. If anyone out there happens to know his whereabouts, or the actual source of that wonderful quote, please let me know. I owe whoever said it a debt of gratitude for changing my life (via Jed). My hope is to one day discover a previously unknown philosopher at the other end of that bit of brilliance. But, even if I don’t uncover that deep well of provocative insight, I’ll still continue to make the most of the quote in my everyday life—at least as some incredibly useful free advice!
Inspired by the the creative sparks of Turkey's vibrant city, Istanbul is understood to be influenced by various cultures and inspired others in return due to their considered decisiveness as a transit point. Seen as a city with great potential in the fashion industry, emerging fashion designers and brands establishing ties with the city, Istanbul Fashion Atelier seems to be by far one of the most established organisations. As I was asking the different designers of their inspirations' origins they all agreed on one point: It is the city's "millennia-old history, natural beauty, its hundreds of exhibitions" and the fair exchange of cultures clashing together. That's what most probably builds up the contradiction of contrast, individuality and then again harmony among the different designs and pieces.
I hope it’s still good…but it’s not what’s in The Plan.
We don't know how to mind our own business,
As part of my long winded reply, I often wax lyrical about a memorable story told to me by a photographer friend. Despite having a comical undertone, it encapsulates the efforts, attitude and consistency that photographic professionals instinctively offer – even in their sleep.
Spear-Tongue 1d6+1, Bite 1d10+2
…I moved out to an expensive boarding school, a rebellious adolescent. When I returned home, I tended to keep away from this old, shabby, short, humpbacked lady. The exciting flame in her eyes vanished after I apathetically answered her greetings several times. She became more and more silent and spent all days watching TV and gazing at the sky. But she never complained to anyone.
Okay, so it isn't Monday any more. But I finally got something made for this week's Make It Mondays challenge! This week's challenge was to make a "Go To Sentiments" card, using sentiments to form a background or design element on the card. While playing around with a bunch of love and valentine stamps, I noticed that I could stack them up by length. A little more playing revealed that they would make a pretty neat heart shape!
"Do you think that our love can create miracles?"
It's lovely just buttered, delicious with a bowl of soup and the sweet nuttiness is heavenly toasted with butter and honey . . . have a go and make winter wonderful :-)
Leon Drolet, Chairman of Michigan Taxpayers Alliance.
Growing an edible landscape that would provide year round food and medicine for my family that could grow even without watering for a month (lots of fruit and nut trees and avocados)
where our minds and hearts tend to wander when we’re in each others presence.
So, she went into the streets searching for Him and found Him surrounded by a mob of people. Others in the crowd pressed into Jesus’ presence with their flesh, but this woman pressed into His presence with her faith.
The red box held stamps I don't use much and was sitting on top of the Expedit.
The Boy on Cinnamon Street
But that doesn't mean I'm giving up. Far from it.
Now then.....if you did not win, I'm going to put up a bit of blog candy this weekend for my faithful followers. I appreciate you all! I realized that I have posted over 700 blog posts, and many of you have read most of them! Thank you for following, and tune in this weekend!!!
What’s your happiest memory of the past year?
Oh, yeah – forgot to mention that. There’s an alien invasion in this one, as some extraterrestrial rude boys turn up, possibly to complain about scientists shooting giant lasers at their planet. Disrupting some rather convenient naval manouevers most of the characters are engaged in, they stick up a giant invisible space umbrella (…ella, ella, ella) over Hawaii to keep most of the fleet out and set about calling home for reinforcements (sadly for the purposes of this rather weak running gag, not an SOS). The task of stopping them is, needless to say, up to Hopper and his crew (which includes a Barbadian singer, none of whose song titles I could crowbar into this sentence).
Talking about crazy changes I noticed yesterday almost all the stores that I know sell Magnolia stamps were waiting to finally post the pre-order on Summer Memories Collection and FINALLY I was able to place my order. I know if so many competition out there but before you order your stamps check "Stampingscrapping.com" because Cindy will price match if you find a lower price, place the link to where you found it at in the comment section of the order form at Stamping Scrapping and they will immediately refund the difference after you place your order. How can you go wrong? I'm so excited waiting for my new Tilda's. I'm in love with this new collection. I think is the biggest collection so far released from Magnolia and I love each image. Sorry I do not have any card to show you today but soon I will. I'm attaching these two pages with all the images from this collection that I found on the internet.
Sessions are held at Murder on the Beach Bookstore, 273 NE 2nd Ave, in Delray Beach. The charge for each session is $25 per person for a two hour workshop. Reservations are required. Cash, Check, Mastercard, Visa, Discover and American Express accepted.
I also have to include a couple of videos, just as a little evidence that my kid never stops singing. About the first one... her songs are usually the first thing I hear when she wakes up, and the last thing I hear before she goes to bed. And I know I've already posted a video very similar to this first one, but I just love hearing her little voice so much.
Ben “Good night.”
Take one day/month to clean out the garage. You may ask your husband to help you if it’s too large a job to take on yourself. If he agrees, spend the time cleaning with him.
In Orpington Quaker Meeting House, there is a damp towel in the loos to wipe my hands on. So, if I go to the loo and wash my hands, any gut bacteria I miss I wipe onto the towel, which is damp, to join gut bacteria from everyone else who has wiped their hands on it. I will get a few back. That damp towel is as good a culture medium as one can get outside a petri dish. And, I hear, if the lid is left up when you flush the loo, an aerosol of the liquid inside it rises up and circulates round the room, including that damp towel. If I wipe them there, the last state of my hands will be worse than the first.
Tofu Pok, 8 pcs, turned it inside out. See my post in Peteformtion blog on how to turn the tofu pok inside out via this link, http://peteformation.blogspot.com/search/label/Tofu%20Pok
--Members of three different local churches provided and served lunch the other days.
Unique to Gt’s Kombucha beverages (at least, I’ve not seen this on any other Kombucha beverage label), is they actually list the Probiotic Content within the beverage, so you know exactly what probiotic content you can be expect to get from one bottle.
16/08 11:55 W 100 Metres Heats
January 18, 2011 Clip No. 2764
Shared: fangirlmitz
“An Anyway Friend is the one person in your life who no matter what they say or do, no matter what they’ve been through with you, they love you anyway.”
Don’t forget to add other craft brews to the mix: Sierra Nevada Celebration or Bigfoot Barleywine, Victory Hop Wallop, Anchor Porter, Southern Star Pale Ale, Rogue Dead Guy Ale, New Belgium 2 Below, Kona Fire Rock
CPT said to go and stay for about 30 minutes, and that we'd go to the museums that we were supposed to go to at 2pm. Sounded good to me. Leigh was gonna host a Miche party for me in April. So I needed to go to her party.
This sitting room needs some definite updating. The emerald green walls with gold trim is very 80’s. Even the bay window and chandelier harken back to that decade. Do I spy fake topiaries in those urns in the background?
“I have come to you, my master. You can kill me now”, she stood there with her dress half torn and her face drained with tears. She’s in his captivity now, just like he’s always wanted her to be. Helpless and defeated, she bowed in silence.
Been thinking a lot about historiography, the study of how historical texts are understood and interpreted. This means putting the historians and their texts under the microscope.
the Japanese Cherry Blossom festival going on.
You have not found this blog to be at its usual standard lately. I know that you expect a lot more from me. However, I’ve had so much to do and not enough sleep that I haven’t had enough time to write posts in order to meet my resolution to post at least once every day. I am only just able to make it now. It’s a lot harder than I thought to do it. Even if I am not depending on inspiration to write its hard to come up with a text sometimes.
Conservatives Should Root For a Romney Defeat.” Lately Libertarians have been getting more and more annoying with their embrace of full blown isolationism (which given how it has NEVER worked, means they’re either very, very stupid or in favor of tyrannies being free to do whatever evil they wish) and their recent and exceedingly naïve push for the gold standard as a cure all for all economic woes. This is not the libertarian party I once knew of sound economic restraint and social liberalism…this is now a libertarian party of cowards and cranks. So let me refute their 5 reasons to not vote for Romney.
You can also buy a 12-pack of Dr Pepper, that comes in a box that brags “now with new packaging.” (Soft drink companies have apparently given up on tweaking the formula of their sodas, and now concentrate instead on how to make the box more appealing).
The place looks expensive, like a family Chinese restaurant. I ordered food that I can pay with what I have, ate fast, paid and left. I went to the driver and he asked me if I want to look around the shops adjacent to the restaurant. OIC driver. I wasn’t interested in any of it, but I played it cool and fake-looked. The items were great, to be honest, but I think they’re too expensive. Tourist price, perhaps. After the required cursory tour around the stores, I asked to be taken to my hotel. I was done for the day and decided to go to the Sultan’s palace the next day.
Print them if you dare...ooOoohaHAHhaaaa...
“Why did you come through the window?”
#5 What’s your ideal lover like?
24 The threshing floors will be filled with grain;
In return for the greeting “Hi guys, what can I get for you?” to say “I am not a guy, I am a woman.” is shocking to hear for a young preoccupied server for whom feminism has no relevance to her daily conversations. It just seems rude. I could not just “let it go” that day. I do not want to be masculinized. Perhaps a smile to go with it would have made the pill easier to swallow and the guilt for upsetting the young woman easier to bear.
It is possible to start archaeology from level 20, but I would not suggest it until you are able to learn Old World Flying and hopefully with an epic flying mount. While it is definitely possible to get to many of the sites, there are some which are very remote and hard to access by ground mount. Also, depending on your level, you may not be able to get to some of the sites until you can survive getting to them.
Vintage Canada, 2001
Part 1:
+ Inside zippered pocket and two outside pockets to fit keys or other small personal items. I love that the inside is zippered so you can keep important objects very safe.
Open to all fitness levels.Students may register at any time during the school year for all classes.
My noon, my midnight, my talk, my song;
Clearly Whites are threatened with extinction. Clearly PC is largely to blame. Clearly Jews are both a proximate cause of PC and one of the minorities PC favors over Whites. No matter how carefully you choose the words, no matter how politely or obliquely you broach the subject, if you are critical of Jews someone somewhere will howl anti-semitism, call you a Nazi, and derail the discussion. This has the curious and surely deliberate effect of creating a big, ugly warning light in everyone’s mind. A light that everyone in “polite society” knows you must not ever chance triggering for fear you might have all sorts of opprobrium heaped on you—just like the other “Nazis”. You should not even speak of this light, or the dehumanizing opprobrium, lest you are prepared to suffer.
I also feel terrible about all of the nastiness being thrown in her direction. She is the clear villain in this story to most people, as if they were never teenagers and never had complaints about their parents. So many people have said "Yeah, but I would never have posted that on Facebook." I would like to remind these people that they would never have heard her words were it not for her father reading them to the internet-at-large. He is the one who publicized her words.
I adore this office space. The floor to ceiling bookshelves complete with artwork hanging sporadically in between the display units is just gorgeous. I am also dying over the purple, glass lamp. I'm usually not a fan of the color purple in general, but I am loving it with all of the neutrals in this space. But here again, I'm focusing on that incredible antelope pattern flooding the floor. I feel like this pattern will work just about anywhere... I love the imperfect patterns as well as the undulating tans and browns fading from dark to light, lovely!
Current City: Whistler, British Columbia
Groups like Common Cause and colorofchange.org have been putting ALEC’s model legislation online and printing the names of its sponsors. They have also published sharp criticism of ALEC’s ideas. This is hardly intimidation. It’s the democratic process at work. A website called alecexposed.org has published ALEC’s policy agenda. Common Cause posted the agenda for the meeting of ALEC on May 11 in Charlotte, N.C. The National Board for Professional Teaching Standards has dropped out of ALEC and also withdrawn from the May 11 conference, where it was originally going to be a presenter.
And he talked about Saint Hill Size Orgs, where expansion was judged on delivery of Scientology, not on square footage. When was the last time you heard that term?
Go to carnival in Brazil
Should I have read Stieg Larsson?
A CIO needs to trust their gut instinct, as one can only learn a certain amount in an interview. I think, the strategic fit, is a very good measure. How will a new hire fit into the culture of the company? Will they enjoy it here? Have they worked in a similar culture before? The danger is that the culture could be so alien to the new hire, that they find it difficult to adjust.
The awareness required by internalism is either strong awareness or weak awareness.
I have seen this pop up quite a bit lately on Pinterest. Taking a bar of soap and turning it into a gallon of liquid hand soap. I am trying to save my pennies as of late, so this seemed like something to try. Liquid soap aint cheap! The cast of characters. Bar of soap, distilled water, glycerin, and pump container. I found the glycerin at the drug store over by the soaps and stuff. I decided to use the distilled water so I would have a container to store my liquid soap in and to try and retard any bacterial growth.
The album cover is cut using Creative Book Pages 1 on my Grand Calibur. The paper is Simple Stories that has been distressed lightly around the edges. The tree & owls are fussy-cut from a larger piece of paper and although you can't tell in the photo, the owls and some of the leaves are popped up. The banner was also cut from a larger piece of paper and then hung on orange Doodlebug doodle twine. For extra texture, I also added some flourishes (along the left side) that started out as white die cuts but with some Tim Holtz distress ink ended up being the perfect shade.
But most important question I could ask you is this: Did you vote?
Freedom and personal responsibility are being replaced with big government dependency. The greatest and most productive workers in the world are being hamstrung by excessive regulations making it impossible to compete. Our healthcare system had been socialized, and the worth of each life dictated by some government bureaucrat. Our allies are insulted while our enemies are appeased. And our religious beliefs and freedom have come under attack.
one.” We are quite sure you will kill us or yourself or both—or even worse, cry and yell at us.”
Settlements, as well as the evictions and demolitions of Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem are illegal and deeply unhelpful to efforts to bring a lasting peace to the Middle East conflict.
21.9k - Justice, equity and compassion in human relations
The movie ‘Before sunrise’ added a new romanticism to train journeys. After that I am sure many a lady or gentleman have fantasized about an exciting romantic rendezvous on a train. Well, I am not exactly of the romantic disposition. But I had watched the movie in question. And I was not entirely resistant to these natural human desires. So such thoughts did cross my mind on my first train journey to Vienna. After all, the hero in the movie also was travelling to Vienna. He too was alone. The law of attraction says if you strongly desire something, the entire universe conspires to make your wish come true. What I had assumed to have been just a passing thought did seem to have been a very powerful desire. For indeed the occupant of the seat opposite to mine turned out to be a comely lass just leaving her teens and entering her twenties. I was not sure if she was Spanish or French. But definitely she was not German. Her hair was wrapped in a bandanna. I no longer recollect any other aspects of her attire.
Mistletoe Over Manhattan ... Hallmark Channel ... 4 AM
you forget your medication or just don’t want to take them!
1. Read the manufacturer’s instructions first. Make sure that this is the right product for your needs. (Many come with DVD instructions, make sure you use this recourse)
Heat gently until the sugar has dissolved then bring to the boil, reduce to a simmer for about 3 - 4 minutes.
The cereal is on the top shelf. My girls are taller then I am and I can reach them so we won't have a problem with that.
I decided to invite myself to crash at The Coach's house so we could talk about our respective long runs - and he has a nice warm fire place and two dogs that I am absolutely in love with. To help me celebrate, he fixed me a tasty rum & Coke .. Captain Morgan's Spiced Rum to be exact. Let's just say I NEVER saw the bottom of the glass. I kept refilling before it could empty. Um... I pretty much sang and danced along with the Smooth Soul infomercial for the entire hour it was on. He and I have watched it before and find it to be so damn funny - and now I just put a new, drunk spin on it. I can't even tell you the last time I drank, so it didn't take long for the songstress to come out. I ended up in full party mode. Surprisingly he is still speaking to me!
and everything to do with the
Popular ETFs example
TREVOR HORN produced the nine lives of Dr Mabuse. ANTON CORBIJN photographed the group and painted the hand. XL and ZTT made up the sleeve. the first and second side are obtainable as ZTAS 2: a seven inch. the first, second, third and fourth side of the story make up number two in zanf tuum tumb's bold action series. "Viva muchos anos!"
Jack: "Hey Mom, did you know that same-sex marriage is allowed in 8 states?"
Revelation 6
But please note- that using this method... your pillows can't get wet! The ink will run.
It’s already several standard deviations below what anyone could call a “student lifestyle”. Trying to get more hours when you are a low-skilled worker in this economy is next to impossible, despite having great references, a strong work ethic and experience in several industries.
Kat's sister Tracy realizes something is amiss, though, and travels to L.A. to see what's become of her sister. After being told by Detective Stoner (played by James Hong aka frikkin' David Lo Pan--holy shit, movie; just when I thought I couldn't love you more!) that he has no clue as to Kat's whereabouts, Tracy decides to launch her own investigation. She teams up with Victor and Buck and, in the world's most terrible plan, contrives to get herself imprisoned so she can bust out her sister.
Wednesday - Nachos with guacamole, cheese and sour cream
Beetlejuice
Man projects her into his girlfriends, wives, daughters, and most of all, the girls of the movies and of his dreams. The impossibility of desire for an image--the ghostly obsession of Jimmy Stewart in Vertigo for the 'nonexistent' Madeline, or the town of Twin Peaks for Laura Palmer; or the inevitable pull of the devouring anima, her reproaches and condemnation as inescapable as death itself, as with the Queen of the Night in The Magic Flute, or the ghost vengeance of a Jess Franco nymphomaniacal heroine like Maria Rohm in Venus in Furs. Or there's her inescapable nurturing, her madonna-like perfection mocking your violent failings, as with Jessica Chastain in Tree of Life (below).
They have been a vocal and irreverent minority for years !
Pampers Diapers or Pants $1/2
....and I made a CARD to celebrate.
Nowell interviewed Alizon, who confessed to “bewitching” the peddler, but also accused the Device family’s neighbors of bewitching and killing four people. The neighbors pointed back at Demdike, calling her a witch. (The families just happened to be feuding.) Norwell arrested all the parties involved (including neighbors Anne Whittle (also known as Chattox) and her daughter Anne Redferne).
Q13: Minimum pricing on alcohol?
Today, the Smiths, the people whose internet I use, just came back from the States. They arrived in Younde a couple days ago and flew into Banyo at the same “airport” strip that John and Sherri flew out of three weeks ago. Bob picked them up from the airport and took them to their house, a few minutes away from mine. They brought with them my camera cable that my sister or mom shipped to them while they were still at home in Colorado. I’m hoping to load a few pictures online. We shall see how it goes since the internet is a bit slow.
~Shaila Catherine
* Don=t believe in life after death = 3.
We write because we love writing, and love is a transforming energy. Therefore, she says, writing is never a waste of time, whether we are published or not. Writing will make us feel ‘happier, more enlightened, alive, impassioned, light-hearted and generous…’
(Acts 2:42 (NIV))
I am white and male.
Water carves banded castles.
West, which is situated almost halfway between Austin and Dallas, is a hamlet for the descendants of Czech immigrants—it’s the “Czech Heritage Capital of Texas.” And what you’ll find there is one of the tastiest pastries ever made—the kolache. This sweet, soft, yeasty roll filled with either apricots, prunes, cheese, poppy seeds or sausage is always an excellent excuse to stop the car, stretch your legs and chow down. Everyone in the state loves kolaches, and while you can sometimes find them in the big cities, for some reason they just taste better in West. Perhaps it’s the water, or perhaps it’s the history, or perhaps it’s the competition between all those Czech bakeries serving their interpretation of the same treat, but most will agree that if you want the best kolaches, you must travel to West.
...trying to figure out what to do with me now, your old man, without having a clue, just as once you had no clue what to do with a pair of tits.
And, an even bigger problem is, with my tomato sandwich, I have 3 ingredients to start with, at least. With the universe, I have nothing. Nothing means nothing. I can’t even put it into words. It doesn’t exist. How does nonexistence turn into stuff that turns into life? I have, in all my life, never seen something poof into existence from nonexistence in the physical world, and I have never seen something that wasn’t living become living. I don’t see rocks getting tired of their spot in the sun and packing up and moving.
Each day I sculpt his mind, his self esteem, his feeling of being loved, his feeling of being secure. I also teach him not to touch hot things, to stay out of the dog's water (or at least I try), I sing to him and with him, I laugh at his antics and comfort him when he cries.
I'm not sure if you've noticed, but I've added a tab for the Texas Tuesday group at the top of my blog. This is a group of paper crafters who all reside in Texas. The goal is to post a Texas themed project on a semi-regular basis. There are some fabulous designers in this group, and I hope you'll check them out!
Start a thought-provoking blog. Nothing works better in online marketing than becoming a resource of targeted information. As a business owner, you can probably easily think of products you can review, or 2012 industry trends. These articles can boost your visibility in search engines and give you a whole lot more to share and talk about on social media. This provides strong relevancy when you are create you the “brand” in your community.
Don’t worry. I'm a good patient so I won’t rush things. I’ve had enough operations to know it’s best to do as I'm told. And at least at the other side of all of this, I will be able to be proactive at helping myself recover. For the last year and a half I’ve been helpless and at times, terribly depressed, overwhelmed by pain and the misery of my whole predicament.
See it for yourself!
They show their true colours here. The British Army has nothing to do with Israel or its conflicts (well, since we pulled out of the Mandate at least). This is a display of the Student Union's anti-military agenda, and being against self defence is not the same as standing for peace.
The FF Plus would monitor the ANC's application and was considering various strategies to oppose it.
I am still not sure how successful Tintin would be now in this era of entertainment & information boom. The current generation of kids/teenagers have too many options/ sources for Infotainment.
the following are a selection of poems that emerged from this conflict. Powerful and still inspiring.
He wasn’t even the right guy….. XD
But it is always good to be in Ireland.
That link that I just provided has been a busy one since Sunday morning. People have been revisiting that and other Lester Chambers-related articles on my blog ever since the photo below was shared on Facebook by Lester, along with the following quote which led into it on his Facebook page:
Then the day arrived--October 10, 1988. I was first on the scene to make sure the facility was ready. Then time began to pass in a blur as a flurry of preparations took place. The lighting and sound companies arrived and set up the equipment. The catering company arrived to set up serving tables for the preconcert meal. Equipment was unloaded and the stage began to take shape for the evening's performance. I basically just watched with the awareness that I had done a good job at making the preconcert arrangements. Now everything was in the hands of the professionals I had hired.
*A Silent Art Auction
Many such cults were, in reality, little more than brothels with quasi-religious overtones.
I unhooked my seatbelt and then we were airborn. I stood up, holding onto the roll bars as we sailed through the air. As the jeep began to drop I jumped...
It's not a huge container-- it fits exactly a day's worth of stuff. If there is anything you learned during the day, or any memories you really want to keep, you've got to pull them out of this bin and stick them into your brain storage system. Because while you are sleeping at night, the night clean-up crew comes along, preparing for the next day, and dumps it all into this:
After reading the headlines today about the US soldier who shot up Afghanistan civilians, I couldn’t help noticing an irony. There is all this clamor to try this soldier quickly and execute him, never mind his having suffered a traumatic brain injury. Yet this Major Hasan, who shot up Fort Hood while screaming Allah akbar, still hasn’t stood trial, and they are still debating whether he was insane, even with the clear evidence regarding his motive: slay as many infidels as possible.
And if you don’t feel this same way as the story unfolds, you’ll know this manuscript is not the right one for you.
Adrian's choice Duchesse de Bourgogne 6.2%
This little sweetheart is "Chloe" . . . and she's from the new Elizabeth Bell "Cottage Cuties" collection. Now, here's the deal . . . I visited my local craft store (Michael's) yesterday and they had a whole new batch of journals with matching pens . . . so, of course, several "jumped" into my shopping cart! hehe!! I decided to make another altered journal for this fortnight's 7 Kids challenge!! (You may remember, I made a pink one a few challenges ago!)
And again, I couldn't get the sucker to center. Oh gosh, this post is gonna look so screwed up. But hey! I stopped the numbering. That's a plus! Wahoo!
We plan on going out for dinner but hope we don't have to wait in line.
Mix together first lot of ingredients in a large bowl.
Still, what a way to end an album.
This really wasn’t too bad…the worst was the roll and I gutted it before I added my steak, peppers, onions, & low fat cheese.
I now want to go watch her in the film “Winters Bone”.
Using the image of the morphogenic field as a template, she says, “we can look at the mission of Jesus. Although he never could have used these words, Jesus was about creating a morphogenic field, one in which love is the standard operating procedure and genuine concern for the other is the behavioral norm.”
If you work hard, then someday you’ll get a chance to really rub their faces in shit. Until then, tomorrow is another day.
1 onion chopped, 1 can chopped tomatoes, quarter teaspoon cameroon pepper, half a can of stock, fresh thyme
My wife came running down the stairs yelling, "Josh, there are a bunch of men surrounding our house and they have guns!!"
If Annie had discovered the divine pleasures of bone marrow, surely she would have sung a different tune.
So - after finding all this fabulous inspiration what did I do? I took the lazy route. I found this cute heart bucket made from rusty metal, wire and nails on half price at a local boutique. The price was right. The effort was perfect (drop from a red ribbon on the door). It even has a little pocket in the top for Valentine's (hint hint to any peeps who want to make my day).
Unlike that easy pale ale that goes from whole malt to fermenter in a few hours, a lambic is an all-day grind. The turbid mash, designed to create a wort that can stand up to years of munching by wild yeasts and bacteria, takes hours. Cantillon's equipment is steampunk old, and very hands on. When I arrived, Van Roy was pumping the finished boil through a thing that looked a bit like a hop back, except that it's purpose was to remove hops, not add them. Hops are used in lambics as an anti-microbial, to keep the wilder elements of the wild yeasts from getting out of hand; breweries age them so they're leached of all alpha acids and add no bitterness or flavor. (Except in a beer like Iris, where Van Roy jumps off the road of strict tradition.)
A pair of junco’s and the song of a white throated sparrow met us as we arrived.
In life, a lot of time, we heard/ read newspaper that people are so easy to commit suicide due to small issues which can be solved with just change our perspective of thinking.
First of all, the fabric. It felt lovely, it looked nice, it was drapey and fl0wy. It also frayed, was slippery, a bit stretchy and a bit of a pain to sew and press, tbh.
% Weight Weight(lbs) Grain Gravity Points Color
“I’m never late, Briar. I arrive just when I intend to.” I shake my head in mock disappointment.
Unfortunately many of the people sitting in the seats of this film are pretty much already on the same page as Donald Miller, so to have this film bring out good discussion among all Christ followers I see as non-existent.
If you don't have one, you need one.
Happy Wednesday and welcome back to The Perfect Sentiment. I'm hoping that you all had a wonderful Easter. You certainly have enthralled us all with your fun and creative Easter Bling submissions for our last challenge. It will be difficult for the Designers to choose just three favorites.
zest from 1 lemon
1 cup (220g) white sugar
This is one of my first attempts at my own IPad drawing. My initial tries using just fingers weren’t overly successful so I treated myself to a stylus and find it better. There is a lot to get used to – like any new media, digital art on the IPad takes a while to learn even the basics. It’s a case of trial, error and discovery!!!
Problems arise when we mistake the cultural expression of the Gospel from our culture to be the Gospel. This often happens naturally over time as the stable Christian community transmits the Gospel to the next generation. The next generation is raised in a cultural expression of the Gospel and known nothing else. They naturally assume what they experience is Christianity and is the way the Gospel should be expressed and responded to. As the generations roll on we come to think, consciously or unconsciously, that how the Gospel has been expressed in our culture is how it should be expressed in all cultures. When we do this, whether we realize it or not, we forget the distinction between the Gospel and our culture. We then show up on the missions field in another culture and do not just tell them to believe in Jesus, we tell them to believe in Jesus they have to look like us. This is a situation that some might call cultural or theological imperialism/colonialism.
Grief, however, is not always closely tied to a recent or impending death. We sometimes grieve over things which have never even happened. When we’re sad that our deceased grandmother never got to hold her newborn great-grandchild, we grieve. When we wish we would have made another career choice, we’re grieving over the loss of possibilities which will never be. Sometime our grief entails a compilation of what-was, what-never was, and what-never-will-be. Each particular type of grief has its own particular type of pain. When it seems that there is a combination of grief scenarios, the what-was, what-never-was, and what-never-will-be’s, it can seem especially tough to manage. The triggers or things which cue our grief can be many and multi-levelled in such a gathering of painful features. Even so, facing our pain, experiencing our losses, and contemplating our grief, painful as it is, remains a way to actually cope with what has happened. When we try to deny the significance of our hurtful feelings, when we refuse to see that our pain has had an impact and we need time to recover, we put ourselves at risk for leaving a wound open and unable to heal.
Then over this past weekend, Ars Technica ran a story about how best to celebrate World Whiskey Day, including what to watch and what book to read. There's the suggestion that readers follow my Twitter and blog ramblings: "Rowley leads a dream life. The man is paid to travel, eat, and drink, and then write about it for some of the biggest names in the field."
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: If a person is really free, he has the right to change his religion. However, we must give him a chance, try to get him to repent, understand why he is changing his religion. A Muslim cannot possibly want to change his monotheistic religion, unless there is something wrong with him. This has been proven by history. Those who try to leave the fold of Islam do so, I’m sad to say, for other – non-religious – considerations.
On to better things. It's rained off and on all week. I didn't get to go by the house today because work went long and kids had things in the evening. But this was yesterday:
I guess I still find it embarrassing to confess to having feelings at times. I got rejected a lot as a kid and often it takes time for me to open up. Especially with men, or people I look up to. My first instinct if I like (like is a nice way of saying “am in love with”, because that’s just way too cringy, although sometimes it is just like) someone is to stick my nose in the air and look at anything but him. It’s not a very good way of showing you care, but because I thought in the past that people didn’t want me to care, I tend to still sometimes avoid giving of myself emotionally. Giving of yourself emotionally is not necessarily flirting, hugging, kissing, or telling someone you adore them for whatever reason…I’m rather good at all of that most of the time. It’s staying present to the feeling of love, or care, no matter what you do that’s real a sign of you giving of yourself emotionally. I know I’ve gotten a lot better with staying present to people with the years, but I’m not necessarily 100% there and open with them…and that bugs me.
As wonderful as Terra is in all its fair trade locally sourced organic goodness, it has become hard for me to eat there because just about everything has grains or legumes or sugar in it. Intrigued, I saw they had a new addition to the menu: you can have any sandwich with a brown rice wrap. Rice is grain, yes, but I was peckish. I had the special "panini" with local cheddar and fresh tomato. It was good.
Stay tuned, there are bound to be many more rounds in this match of the titans.
You love to put your feet up on things or push against things. If you're laying in bed with me, you'll drape your feet over my legs. If you're nursing, you'll bring your foot up and kick it against my shoulder. If you're in your high chair, they're pushing against the table. If we're reading books in the rocker, you'll push against the dresser or put your feet in the books. I think you get this from me. I always have to have my feet on something, too. If your dad makes fun of you, blame me.
After our first visit with Lisa and her mama, we were counting down the days till the big day (we may have been almost as excited as they were!). Why? Well Lisa has amazing taste and a very unique sense of style. The themes included in their wedding- Algonquin Park (love!) and Peacock feathers (LOVE!). Not only did Lisa want to break away from the norm and include peacock feathers in their floral designs, she also wanted cascade bouquets! What did I tell you- she has style!
I know, personally, that I have made new contacts over the month, and I’m delighted that some of old posts have found a new audience. From feedback I have received, I know that some people have found my words useful but the feedback is largely from other autistics or their families. I am glad that we are supporting each other, and it is important that we continue to do so, and not just for one month but for all twelve for as many years as we need each other, but I wonder how much impact we are making on the wider community.
These pictures above, by the way, should be clickable through to larger size and better definition. I will soon be starting to replace the pictures on the rest of the site in the same way, so that those of you who want better definition pictures will be able to get them without having to email me.
Bracelets: Gift and F21
Back in Paris to investigate her brother’s disappearance, Jac discovers a secret the House of L’Etoile has been hiding since 1799: a scent that unlocks the mysteries of reincarnation. The Book of Lost Fragrances fuses history, passion, and suspense, moving from Cleopatra’s Egypt and the terrors of revolutionary France to Tibet’s battle with China and the glamour of modern-day Paris. Jac’s quest for the ancient perfume someone is willing to kill for becomes the key to understanding her own troubled past.
8pm-workout
- just under 1/4 C. rolled oats
Tell them I’ve been cooking coconut skins,
To me immediate family means parents, siblings and children. As her niece I'm not one of those three so I didn't want to assume I'd be invited. She said of course I'd be invited, I'm immediate family.
ARISTOTLE, Nichomachean Ethics I. v
In my opinion, some of the most memorable and defining moments in D&D come as a result of those split-second decisions that players must make about how far to risk their characters' life and limbs. You know what I'm talking about. Your party is being decimated by a pack of ghouls. Grumple the dwarf has been cut off from the rest of the party, trapped in a room with four ghouls closing in for the kill. He's wounded and will surely die if left to his own devices. Meanwhile, the other three grieviously wounded party members have an escape route - 50' of open hall in front of them - beckoning...
Sexual intercourse is fun, good exercise, healthy, and leads to the creation of life in many instances - AND FOR THAT IT MUST BE DESTROYED!
1 embryo
Never. When did fate get so vindictive?
Finally, I'm making my gluten free menu for the week and going to Whole Foods later today (hopefully alone!) so I can shop it up. I swear, I'm still working on my GF post, it's coming. (I know you're all enthralled.) ha!
Yesterday I went to Sydney's 1st Costco store! oh my!!!! I've been to Costco in the States, so I wasn't as overwhelemed as my friends who came along. I did buy a 56oz bag of mini Reeces Peanutbutter cups - yummo! I just have to make sure I steady myself ;)
11. Your Mother Is Not Crazy
After the homily a brief period of silence is observed.
Oh, and Jack Warner is still on the National Security Council
DINING ROOM SOURCES:
I made this cushion a while ago but forgot to blog about it. I brought a bag of scraps from etsy full of beautiful scraps of designer type fabrics such as Amy Butler. The bag was full of glorious coloured bits of varying sized fabric scraps-perfect for patchwork!
I have some serious concerns over statements you made from your recent
And yes, I'm still working on my online classes - Soul Restoration with Brave Girls Club and Melody Ross, and The She Art Workshop with Christy Tomlinson. Loving them...but having a really hard time fitting them into my schedule at the moment!! I'd show you a pic of my first She-Art canvas, but it's a birthday gift for my sister (a very belated one...because I STILL haven't put it in the mail!!). *sigh* I'm terrible about that!
The Bell Rock Lighthouse is on the Inchcape Rock, part of a reef about twelve miles east of Arbroath, Angus.
Yes, they are very easy to follow.
how wonderfully tedious it all can be.
That’s me (above) …
Similar to Ben & Jerry’s, je & jo was started by two ice cream fanatics who have excellent principles and even better taste. And a love for cookie dough in their ice cream.
For just as Jonah was three days and three nights in the belly of the great fish, so will the Son of Man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth.
wonderful. Even if that makes me a little anti-social
run around the corner to the main entrance to get in by himself.
Did you read that last part? More Playgirl already till Christmas, and even more after that!
Nan used to tell me I could achieve anything if I wanted it and worked hard enough. So my word to start the A – Z Challenge is ACHIEVE.
This is the micro bunny ear. It's about 2 inches tall. Pretty small really, the smalls are about 3 inches tall and the mediums are around 4 inches tall. I'd love to make them taller, but I'm not sure they would stay standing with much more height added.
PPS The other day I found this photo of James Spader on my desktop. How did it get there? I don't know. I like to think that it found me. Let's just run with it and bemoan the fact that in this day an age it's almost impossible to find a man who will rock a sockless loafer, pale grey suit, open-neck shirt, Lady Di hair and come-hither eyes, a lit cigarette and a glass ashtray balanced so perfectly on his knee. I need to re-do my website this year, and get some photos taken, and honestly, I'd be delighted if I could pose EXACTLY like this.
Leave your life to rose colored glasses because you have astigmatism and pink eye. I wanna be thugged from some wild place in the gut and find that the ropes lead to a lumber. The ropes, they probably lead to a restraining order. Love is one perpetual raincheck. It’s fake. It’s like the chupacabra. Whimsy is in the heart of the beholder. It’s actually whimsy is fake. The map of my soul is laid out on old worn paper illustrated as ocean waves battering a sole island kept by ferns at its center a wolf. Well that’s a bullshit romantic view of myself. I’m sophisticated as fuck. This is really uplifting.
Andrew lived boldly, so that we more timid souls would dare to live freely and fully, and fight for the fragile liberty he showed us how to love.
Sharpe's Justice (good)
But she sees him through
UK fails corruption health check
So that's my interesting week so far, lets hope my internet stays up for a while so that I can catch up on some blog reading.
