Unfortunately this means there is a lot of drowning risks for our little ones too, especially when they're not being properly supervised. We all know about the dangers of swimming at the beach or in backyard pools, but just 15ml is enough for a small child to drown in. Just " this much ", as we might put it.
In an interview in the Downing Street garden, Mr Cameron said:
3rd row - everybody sock basket, older girls pj's/underclothing, older girls jeans and shorts, Gates' clothes
I had already known the wrath of the recession; my Mom has lost 3 jobs in the past 10 years due to downsizing, changes in ownership, and relocating to save money which caused me to leave my original college plans; but this job loss could have cost me everything.
From EDL sources, this is a report from an eyewitness to the car incident in which several people were run down and injured. According to rumor, one of the victims died.
That movie that you know and love? The one that brings back memories of family film nights. The cosy DVD (or Betamax video) nights on the sofa with your significant other. That movie where the image of the opening scene never left you or the one where the soundtrack plays unexpectedly in your mind from time to time? Hold that thought. It could even be a film that you hated, that Jean Claude Van Damme (sorry JC fans) action movie that you couldn’t escape at the cinema.
Cook in a Preheated oven at 350 degrees for about 25 minutes,,,,,or until "Florets" are lightly brown.
Mother Ayahuasca’s eyes closed a bit and her smile mellowed now as she reached out her hand, still holding the coin, and pressed it to my chest – onto my heart.
those were the knights
9. Property Owner consent form for Star Air & Ultimate Pet Resort 19
a horrid cannibalistic giant who is, however,
My personal bias rose out of my chest within seconds of getting into town: I love Delhi. Nothing against Mumbai, but if I could choose one Indian city to spend the rest of my life in, it would be Delhi. In fact, Delhi may be third on my list of best cities (right behind #1 New York and #2 San Diego). Clean streets, great public transportation, and thousands of years of history layered beneath your feet: Delhi is fantastic.
Anyway, after the past few frantic weeks it was pretty much the perfect place to be (total perfection would have been achieved with the addition of a couple of degrees on the temperature, and maybe Ewan McGregor striding over the dunes...) My cousin made a ravishing bride, wrapped in plaid with sprigs of gorse in her hair, and there was something timeless and deeply moving about the ceremony on the shore - Walter Scott meets Richard Curtis. Luckily there was a brisk wind, which meant that I could pretend that the tears streaming down my cheeks (the Chanel spray-paint durable foundation was a wise investment after all) were a result of extreme weather rather than extreme soppiness. Expect a wedding on a beach to appear in a book sometime soon.
11. Presentimento Secondo (01:31)
Islam:
“The lifestyle of the Chinese is fully transformed to become Indonesian including in name, dressing, language, celebration of festivals and other aspects of life. Television and radio programmes, films, school, periodicals, big festive occasions and other events that have Chinese elements were banned.”
Even though Canada, the setting for my latest book, Deadly Addiction, is often called “the Northern United States,” American readers may find surprising the many differences between the two countries. It’s not just all about the accent, eh? Here are some that I learned while researching this book.
In most states, once a workplace is unionized, employees are required to join the union or they can't work there. But 22 states, including South Carolina, have passed laws that give employees the right not to join. Hence the term "right-to-work."
Place chicken in large pot or Dutch oven. Add the water. Add a little more to cover if you need to. Bring to a boil.
Yep: FREE!
But around here, I can still buckle a swash. Argh. So welcome to the Go(oglers) from Malaysia, who ranked 3rd among Wednesday’s international minions, beating out the Brits and Aussies and trailing only Canada. Congratulations, and welcome to the puzzle house. Curiously though, the search for Malaysian Snooch, returned some quizzical results. One returned this pic of Erica Campbell…
Those are two of the eggs I used while making the sugar cookies. I had never blown the insides out of an egg before without using specialized tools, but after googling how to do it and reading the first tutorial I came up with, I found out that it was pretty easy. I used two different sized sewing needles to make the holes at either end, an unfolded paperclip to break up the yoke inside, and a regular plastic straw to blow the inside of the egg into a bowl. The eggs didn’t break.
I am dedicating this dish to all the wonderful mothers out there. My mom loves fruits and custard, so I made this for her on Mother’s Day. Light crispy crust, flavorful custard and fresh bright fruits made it a very elegant dish. She loved it and so did my husband and son. My baby had made some gifts for me and so this Mother’s Day was Extra Special for me. I hope you all had a great day and enjoyed it well.
also, The print (All the Circles)
I also feel a lot of respect and love for Wayne Muller's Legacy of the Heart: The Spiritual Advantages of a Painful Childhood. Muller suggests a gentle and mindful approach to uncovering our hidden scars, from which, we may find spiritual strength. This book is more spiritually driven, unlike Alice Miller's more psychological approach.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad agrees that tough sanctions are the safest course for Iranian stability. "People are getting tired of me here" he said in a recent open letter to Western diplomats, "I really need the West to take aggressive action so I have someone to blame all our problems on. Can I get some help here?"
We all know that more jobs plus consumer confidence will positively impact the housing market recovery. With more jobs we see new buyers (i.e. renters realizing the benefits of home ownership) and job relocations; as well as homeowners wanting to upgrade to accommodate a growing family. Even people leaving the labor force (retirees) is another source of housing activity as these individuals choose to downsize and/or move to other locations.
I’ve decided the most feasible way to keep a regular blog going is to blog once-a-week, with a review of my progress under a few headings during the week gone by. The headings reflect a number of crafting agendas I’m partaking in this year. Let me know if you find this gets tedious after a while.
Charles Holahan, a psychologist at the University of Texas and lead author of the article, said there may be benefits for older moderate drinkers no matter what kind of alcohol they consume. But, he cautioned, "The study does not encourage initiating wine consumption as a pathway to better health."
She is a fictional character from a TV Show….. Just in case John tries to look her up on Wikipedia….
the grand opening will be taking place.
1 London 32:58
And, once in Office, Tore up Pledges
Scone (like bone not gone)
And between now & 6PM I still have to clean my house, cook a meal, frost cupcakes, make an appetizer, and somehow help my dad do some Christmas shopping.
Ben: Oh, I tripped.
So- boxes and crap everywhere. None of my books unpacked. My easel still in the hall. My clothes littering the floor( okay that last one might just be an habitual way but still) you get the idea. Messy.
She had a range of responses to crime – including for minor offences and for those cases that were highlighted by the staff as being inappropriate for formal prosecution. It involved such informal police reactions as ensuring a written letter of apology to a nurse – welcome for many reasons if the offender was a child with literacy issues. Adults were invited to repay the cost of minor damage as many people in wider society are so invited, as an alternative reparation. Some offenders received fixed penalty notices for damage – fining them £80 and some received police cautions.
A mindset has been instilled in these young men and boys that they are nothing sans the accoutrements of consumerism. Yet when they loot an i-Phone, as opposed to creating economy-shredding derivative scams, we’re prompted by the corporate media to become indignant.
My mystic encounter with Mister Walling across the hilltops on Christmas Day had left me with the idea that my thoughts could have power, and I decided that the animals were safe.
On the other hand, Uefa has barely set foot out of the Dark Ages. Referees are infallible, technology even if approved by Fifa is not going to be welcome in the Champions League according to chief hatchetman, Gianni Infantino with the preference being the additional referees. Truly the blind are leading the blind with not a one-eyed man in sight.
There is rarely mercy or forgiveness for the ‘tout’. And this is what the source meant about people being amazed — that there are those who risk their lives for relatively little reward.
consignment clothing shop.
Dear Weather, You're doing it wrong. That's All. -Your Vitamin D deprived former friend.
“There are a handful of people who think it’s absolutely brilliant. And there are a handful of people who absolutely hate it. I mean really really dislike it.
Tip #5 Check Your Budget First
- 2 Fiji apples
3. There’s a very cool Russian vein running though this story. The lead gangster family is Russian, there’s a jewel said to have once belonged to Rasputin and the climax takes place in a restaurant called Koshchey, named after the fairy tale character. As a huge fan of Russian mythology I have to ask is this a theme through the books or are we going to see the more traditional Italian Mafia make an appearance?
Dora giggled, "Go on, Rel, why don't you explain? It's a mile or two to Vessit yet."
I bring it up, because one of the things I volunteer doing is being a Den Leader for my son’s Cub Scout group. I love working with the kids and helping them develop their own leadership skills. But, as with many things, there always creeps up thoughts of my own childhood and being involved in scouts was a small part of it.
After they finished with me, they all lifted me onto a transport bed (pre-baby it would have taken a team of 20 to do that; post baby it only took 18!). We were taken back to the same recovery room where we started the day. Chris carried the baby as he walked beside the bed. I love that she was in his arms for most of her first hour. In the room, they finished up the baby tests. Unfortunately, she didn't pass her blood glucose screen, which is a test that she got since she was a larger-than-average baby. Because of that, they gave her a bottle of glucose formula. If I'd been more aware or paying more attention, I would have declined it, or requested the chance to breastfeed and then have her re-tested, but it happened so quickly that I didn't get to process it. However, it did mean Chris got to give her a bottle (which she gulped down in record time) and he really loved that. I was so jealous...I still hadn't gotten to hold her. In the second picture, note the nurses engrossed in Judge Judy.
And since FOX is still giving the Pilot away for free on iTunes and a few other places I would say you have nothing to lose by giving it a try.
Long live Snook!
What is Shichimenchou-Zake? Well, I am not sure if it is an actual word or not, but it means "Turkey Sake." The term "shichimenchou" is the Japanese word for "turkey," and literally means "seven-faced or seven-sided bird." I simply added "zake" to the word, which is often done for sake related words. By turkey sake, I meant sake for Thanksgiving.
Accessories: polka dot ribbon, corduroy button, pearls, twine
Black and yellow, red and white
I went for a morning run and over the weekend a did a 9.33km run (which also happened to be my personal best time wise), I was supposed to do a 15km but f**k it. At this stage I actually don’t give a shit – I was so so so amped for Two Oceans until I read somewhere that if you don’t run fast enough they stop you running and you aren’t allowed to finish. What is that all about? Bull crap I tell you, total bull crap! I wasn’t ever scared of the 21.1kms but I am however scared of the 21.1kms in 3hrs. Im pretty sure I can do it. I mean I run 7kms in under 1hr so it is doable?
Things are moving slowly in the right direction. In November 2000 the world recognised nuclear power as a dirty, dangerous and unnecessary technology by refusing to give it greenhouse gas credits during the UN Climate Change talks in The Hague. Nuclear power was dealt a further blow when a UN Sustainable Development Conference refused to label nuclear a sustainable technology in April 2001.
I can't wait for all of our Christmas festivities, so I can snap lots of pictures of the kids playing with their cousins!
A possible compromise being suggested is an honorary position of a Colonel to a PLA commander, with a limited term. This could also aid the process of integration in its initial phase when Maoist combatants enter the new directorate.
CD5 from London in the the UK, at TDL Pathology (The Doctors Laboratory).
We are here for the telling, the aunts, the sisters, the mothers, the wives, even the guys can join in.
Bischoff talks about visiting Rob in the hospital today, he has had over 117 stitches, and immense head trauma. He discussed this with Dixie and Hogan today, and they decided that they must strip the title off of Rob. And what they will do is take the top 8 contenders and do an 8 man tournament for the World Heavyweight Title that starts tonight, and ends at Bound for Glory. And they will start it off next.
The US police have arrested eight anti-NATO protesters outside the campaign headquarters of US President Barack Obama in Chicago.
The Department is proposing to apply new punitive penalty rules to transfers of assets which have occurred since February 8, 2006. As of the date of the implementation of the new rules, transfers of assets for less than fair market value, meaning gifts, will result in the applicant being ineligible for Medicaid coverage for a certain time period. This time period does not begin until the month the person is eligible for Medicaid, meaning in need of long term care services and having an approved Medicaid application (but for the imposed penalty period). The penalty period is calculated by dividing the total uncompensated value of assets transferred by the average monthly cost of long term care services at the private rate in the community in which the person’s nursing home is located at the time of application. The result is the transfer penalty period of ineligibility in number of months, days, and portion of a day. For example, if a person makes gifts to grandchildren of a total of $65,000 in June of 2006, and then applies for Medicaid on or before May of 2011, assuming an average private rate of $4000, they will be deemed to be ineligible for Medicaid for a period of approximately 16 months and 7.5 days beginning with the month that their Medicaid application for nursing home care is approved.
The girls followed it up with their digital single “It Girl” in June last year and recently won several new artist awards at year-end ceremonies and have performed overseas at music festivals with other K-pop artists.
Many of us are here reluctantly in SF because we wanted to escape the cronies that we grew up with.
Supplies: (All Papertrey Ink unless noted)
Despite the bumps in the road it was a really nice day! I did not loose any friends in the argument and enjoyed spending Friday with my lovely boyfriend!
What price do you put on that?
No time to rest, though, because then came the dancing and I was the DJ. The teacher asked me to play a "dance song" and of course I played some Korn followed by some Marilyn Manson. Dancing time was vocabulary time, too!
Nézet-Séguin doesn’t seem to have many big ideas (perhaps they will come), and though this Brahms concerto could do to be grounded in a structurally conceived interpretation it didn’t cohere badly. The strength worth savouring in his conducting is that he takes the music as it comes and concentrates on making every moment sound good (somewhat like Welser-Möst, though with bolder gestures and less micromanagement). The big entries could have been less heavy, but elsewhere YN-S kept exemplary balance. The consummate flattery he showed in his talk with Hellsberg was also in evidence, with Nézet-Séguin showing that the elusive key to the riches this orchestra is capable of offering is sometimes just a conductor who can smile at them in the right way. The violins played with their signature tone – ‘Wiener heaven from 1911’ – but there was nothing unreconstructed about it and for precision and alertness they gave the Berlin Philharmonic a run for their money. And just when I think I’ve finally fallen out with the Wiener horn, they give us solos as outstanding as the remote call with the octave leap in the first movement’s second subject – truly entfernt, and yet played faultlessly and
But pleasures of the body are lower pleasures – appetite.
Public health logic may hold that reducing fertility rates leads to slower population growth and lowers maternal mortality rates. But forced sterilization violates the principle that men and women have a right to make independent choices regarding the number and spacing of their children without discrimination, coercion and violence.
So this is set in deepest darkest Wessex in the Dark Ages - the bit from when the Romans tired after 400 years of building roads and palaces etc. in England and withdrew back to a crumbling Rome and before the dashing French Normans arrived to instill civility once again on the heathen pagan Celts of England. However it wasn't really like that was it? I've always been fascinated by that period of our history largely since so little is known as there wasn't much written down but you look at finds like The Sutton Hoo ship burial and the recently unearthed Shropshire hoard and you realise that this was a culture with stunning craftsmanship and global international trade. You can't have that if it was just a violent, chaotic and anarchic place. Oh and anyway the Normans weren't dashing Frenchmen, they were rampaging, colonising Vikings who had only conquered the French lands they invaded us from a 100 or so years before 1066.
And as it moved up, so did her spirit and so did her
Johanna Miller, assistant advocacy director for the New York Civil Liberties Union, which helped to push the passage of the Dignity Act, said the Klein bill would short-circuit schools’ new programs by dragging children into the criminal system, instead of educating them.
You scare me because you demonize and want to silence the Limbaughs, Hannitys, O’Relllys and Becks who offer opposing, conservative points of view.
Podcasts aren't reading material of course, but they have arrived in my life with the iPhone, and take up my reading time on the bus.
Mensch tweets often dozens of times a day, but she doesn’t like the risks that come with the freedom of Twitter. “If you want to see the worst of humanity,” she says, “look on Twitter. People say terrible things about, for example, Baroness Thatcher, this old lady who’s done so much for us and is now a very ill woman, like your grandmother, who you want to protect.”
Sleep: decent; I wake up between 4:45 and 5:15 every morning for a potty break.
April showers bring May flowers, right? Let’s hope so! We here at Costello’s cannot wait for Spring to finally come around! It’s all we’ve been talking about!
Please pantomime ---saying your prayers.
today is roma's birthday (ava's grandma and justin's mom). i always try and get ava to make videos for our family and she rarely does it...so when she does it is a treat and i thought i would share it.
It's a top that doesn't photograph well - I love the fit and the feel and the stripes are so vivid.
For the remainder of the week I did free-writes about anything that wasn’t connected to the novel.
I had the talk with Dr. Norton I was dreading....she does think I need to have a cerclage again. "Once an incompetent cervix, always.....blah blah". So we will schedule that for around 14 weeks as a precaution rather than a reaction this time. I guess it's better to be safe than sorry, but I was so hoping for a more normal experience this time. Lets hope that's ALL I will have to have done.
BEER MATCH:
Brian Kelley
They try to be strong…
How about this? With Beer Deluxe looking to further establish its credentials as a premier Melbourne beer venue, punters can be assured of some very interesting food matches presented in the private and luxurious surrounds of the little known upstairs dining room.
What does the passive voice do? It slows down your action and it will turn off a reader in a heartbeat. How do you get into the passive voice? It’s when you add ING to the end of a verb. It is always much better to use active verbs such as run, walk, climb…rather than running, walking or climbing.
A highball is probably best compared to a Japanese lager: it is a light, refreshing drink that clears the mouth. In Japan, whole groups of drinkers will often order a "toriaezu beer" when they enter a bar. This loosely translates as an "in the mean time beer". Basically, it is an easy, refreshing, and inoffensive drink that can be ordered quickly on first arrival at a bar before everyone takes a look at the menu. Everybody toasts with the "toriaezu beer" and then orders their own stuff (which, of course, will often continue along the light pilsener line). What has happened over the last decade or so is that whisky's slice of the "toriaezu" market has shrunk drastically, displaced by lagers and very cheap "happoshu" quasi-lagers and it has retreated into a role as a late night sip, to be mulled over and appreciated. That is great for whisky aficionados, because the whisky has to be superb quality, but it is not so good for the whisky makers' profits.
Thanks to you, my virtual support group, I am able to shake off my caveman urges and eat from my own healthy feedbag. I can’t say that I don’t harbor a little resentment toward the guests wolfing down all the same foods I ate for almost five presidential terms. It is irrational to think that because I changed my lifestyle, everyone else should have changed as well. It’s a good thing I know myself well enough to know that I am often irrational.
Greenpeace will send the open letter to world leaders to encourage them to remove the risks of nuclear power from the world.
-Exodus, Deuteronomy, and Leviticus contain some of the most hideous tales and commandments in all of literature. In fact, most of the Old Testament is ripe with things that disgust me. God orders (sometimes himself, other times through his "prophets") genocide, rape, and abuse. Hosea 13:16 comes to mind, as well as when Moses ordered all of the Midianites to be slaughtered, women and male children included. But that wasn't the worst part. All women who hadn't yet "known" a man were to be kept by the Israelites "for themselves". And don't forget about how you're supposed to kill your children if they curse you. Also, I'm afraid that you did the wrong thing by reaching out to me - you're supposed to stone me to death. That one's in Deuteronomy. Jesus also makes mention of a similar punishment in the Gospel of Luke. Before you discount the Old Testament as being erased by the New Covenant, I'd like to refer you to Matthew 5:18.
Melt butter in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add onion and garlic; sauté 5 minutes or until onion is tender. Combine milk, salt, pepper, and flour, stirring with a whisk. Add milk mixture to pan. Bring to a simmer; cook until slightly thick (about 2 minutes), stirring frequently. Add 4 ounces cheese, mustard and ham, stirring until cheese melts. Stir in potatoes.
What would Mike want to eat at his last meal?
authentic Greek Gyros!
20. Sloan - The Double Cross
A woman today can get pregnant every ten months—nine months of pregnancy and one month of recovery. (This is how my own mother did it with three of her children, in back-to-back fashion!) Women today typically give birth to one child per pregnancy. Sometimes twins are produced, but this is rare. If the human reproductive system is based upon the heavenly birthing process, though, it means that women are, by design and under the right conditions, to give birth to twins, a male and a female. This is because the planets are born by electrical expulsion, in which two planets come out at a time, one out of the north pole, one out of the south pole, one a “female” planet and the other “male.” Or, it may be that women are designed to give birth to first a male (or a female) and then at a later pregnancy a female (or a male.) But however is the design, we do know that females are capable of giving birth to twins, so the capacity is there.
This is about Battery Park City’s Teardrop Park, which I like, and the issue of superblocking. I don’t like superblocks. I am wondering whether to cry a few tears about the inconsistent philosophy of Amanda Burden when it comes to supporting the Atlantic Yards, the ill-conceived megadevelopment supported by the man who appointed her, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg.
- Sponsors: List of all the sponsors for this year’s conference
Beckett
14. Emanuelle's theme (01:22)
“No person shall… be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law.”
The fairly full-on day started calmly enough with tea and biscuits and a historical overview of a family business which rose from the ashes of the BSE crisis in 1996. In a nutshell, prior to this cataclysmic event for British beef farming, Donald Russell supplied to trade only, providing gourmet meats to hotels and restaurants throughout the UK and worldwide. But once the news hit, the shutters came smashing down and a lot of jobs were lost. Fortunately, for Donald Russell, a small ray of light came in the form of an idea, to sell to the public and to "send samples out, not price lists." This, in turn, bolstered consumer confidence back into beef and the business entered a whole new era, providing steak by mail. Now little success stories like that do fill me with joy but having had a peek at their website (which reveals a lot about the ambition and drive of the company, they now sell a hell of lot of products), I did have some reservations.
Many of them have famous Disney characters, but I somehow doubt they're approved by Disney. It looks like they re-drew every image from a real Disney comic so the format matched the shape of these little books. Some have beautiful images, and then some are plain horrible.
A tourist once asked if I ever had an egg thrown at me during a circus performance.
It seems like a win-win for Avalla, LLC. They have combined the incentives and rewards with a tool that will be used in the daily workflow. Is it the right incentive? Perhaps! We recommend that you engage your employees with the incentives and rewards that matter to them. If you are not sure what matters, take some time to have an in-person, off-site adventure that bonds the team together around a strong community activity and then move forward with something the sales team has identified as a meaningful reward during the process.
IMHO – is my hospital open?
walked the earth, He had the consciousness of a king that distinguished Him
Somebody should see that she pays.
BNR stands for Buy and Replace, and BNS stands for Buy and Stay. In a BNR, curators create a treasury of items from various shops. Anyone can act as a curator. Curators are sometimes part of a Team on Etsy and only feature items from Team members. Some curators use a Team as a sponsor of a BNR but anyone can participate. Some BNRs follow a theme like a color, season, holiday, or supply. Some BNRs and BNSs last several rounds over several days.
Some Friday Questions to get your weekend off on the right foot. Leave yours in the comments section. Thanks!
Oh, and note to self: there was an obscene amount of dust in that house when all of the furniture had been removed, must create a regime to make sure that does not happen in the new house – we both have too many allergies to be living with so much dust.
For those of you that followed in the past you know that I 1) moved to Philly for a boy 2) was making the best of it. All is the same, except the boy I moved for ('muffin') is no longer, and in my heart I knew things were not going to work out with him even as I was packing my bags to move. Something stuck with me though, and I knew that I needed to move for some reason. I told myself that I was going to make it work for at least a year (as long as my lease term was). Within the first month, I met prince charming (see photo above), fell madly in love, and he asked me to marry him last Friday...After lots of giggling, I said of course.
The Rule 5 Draft was created to prevent teams from stock piling young talent in their farm system, when other teams could use said young players in the major leagues. Once drafted in the Rule 5 Draft, the player must be on the team’s 25-man roster for the length of the entire season, and must be active for at least 90 days (this prevents teams from pushing draftees on the DL for a majority of the season to make room on the active roster).
Lehane followed in Parker’s footsteps with his own Boston-based crime fiction, including novels such as “Mystic River.” Lehane says the hero of Parker’s three dozen “Spenser” books, the uniquely tough private investigator, changed the way private eyes were featured in fiction. Parker created a character who was tough and fearless but also sensitive, well-read and devoted to his longtime girlfriend.
McKenna knew this time would come because he was tuned in — through shamanic conviction– to that experiential-knowing of our deep connection through our bodies to Nature to Earth-Solarsystem-Galaxy arm-Universe.
The following two wonderful women and I go "way back" on-line, so I was super excited to meet both of them in real life!!! First, the adorable Karen from The Graphics Fairy...
So that's today's news. I'll process it tonight and come back tomorrow and research the hell out of the rental market and find the Best Rental Ever and everything will fall into place on a path that will end up giving us the Best House Ever, etc. a few extra months down the road. Until then, look at my baby boy:
The mission of Jet City Auxiliary is a simple one: will the ladies to multiple championships through the most supportive, positive, vocal, and visual atmosphere in Women’s Soccer, setting the standard for soccer support world-wide.
By now the chamber servant had realised that he was mistaken, that it simply couldn’t be Tuesday. But if it wasn’t then he was unsure as to what day it really was.
limiting belief, by sending them to the tip, you too will have closure on your old habit. You have let it go. It’s gone. There is definite finality to the process, it cannot return – but only when you believe and commit to letting it go.
Mystical Warrior (Midnight Bay Series) by Janet Chapman will release June 28,2011 and I can’t wait! I’ve been interested in the male lead in this book since he was introduced to the series. Male lead Trace Huntsmen wants to enjoy a peaceful life, but unfortunately Fiona Gregor has other ideas. Trace fights the attraction, but the chances of winning that battle or nil.
I usually only check my sales numbers once a month (which lets me see what's going on but also prevents me from obsessing over the numbers) but I took a snapshot each morning from December 8th to 31st. I won't bore you with all the numbers (although a graph below shows them if you're interested), but I will share three key dates with you and then tell you what I think those numbers say.
Yesterday was Boxing Day. It was also Dave-O's and my 23rd anniversary. You might be thinking we were crazy to plan a wedding the day after Christmas and we're too old and tired to put up much of a fight on that count. But back then, we were young (22) and naive (wondered if the soundtrack to Rocky was the theme song for Boxing Day). We were in college and it was Christmas break.
Nik simply nodded his head once, keeping his eyes and internal targeting systems locked onto the droid.
"The remote goes on the left."
Best wishes on your success,
Before I had my debut, when she was searching on Internet, my sister told me this “Ya, your old pictures are all here! I didn’t even know these”. These days, my sister doesn’t talk much about it but I think she’s really proud of me.
In May 2011, a policeman was killed in Glenview, a densely populated suburb in the capital city of Harare, Zimbabwe. His name was Inspector Petros Mutedza. 29 MDC-T members were rounded as suspects. They are still languishing in prison. They have been detained in remand for nearly a year. They are being held in unsanitary, overcrowded conditions, receiving inadequate food, and constantly denied bail. The High Court of Zimbabwe keeps postponing the bail hearing indefinitely since the arrest and imprisonment of the accused, stating that they are a flight risk. Given this standpoint and the Court’s assertions, should they therefore not proceed to hear the matter on the merits and give the accused the chance to prove their innocence? One wonders, is the incarceration of these people serving justice and is it in line with the principle of a fair trial, or their continued detention is vindictive, serving a political agenda?
Together As One...
All of a sudden, all of the following things make sense.
but few chocolate ice cream cones.
This is my second DT card for The Crafty Pad Challenge and this week the theme is Egg-tastic, you must have eggs, chickens, ducks or anything that makes, creates or comes from an egg on your project. We are sponsored this week by:
The problem is someone saw Kellie backstage. They know she has something in her purse. In the span of a few short days Ronnie and Kellie will be drugged, mugged, tied, cuffed, stuffed, and boxed. Worst of all, Ronnie will have to spend the night at his parents’ house for the first time in more than a decade.
One step forward, two steps back!
* She has aged beautifully, my grandmother, and it’s not empty flattery because she’ll probably never see this. Also, has anyone else noticed their mothers or aunts or grandmothers saying “when I was a girl” instead of “when I was little” or “when I was a kid.” I’ve never said “when I was a girl.” Gender neutral identifiers, people! They’re all the rage.
Just the other day I had a rough time though. I don't know what it was but I missed you so much that it hurt. I had that yucky lump in my throat and my chest just felt tight. I cried and I haven't done that in quite some time. I decided since I was missing you so much that I would go visit you. It was nice to go out there, but then I was even more sad when I drove up and saw that your headstone was covered in snow. I felt bad that I hadn't been there to clean it off before then. It is clean for now though. On my way to work after I left from seeing you, I saw many flocks of geese. Seeing them always makes me happy and I always think of you. I know you are up there looking down on your family and I like to think that you send those geese right when you know I'll need them.
Other than that, I've been busy organizing and cleaning my house. The house that we used to live in was the house I grew up in. When we moved out I left some things behind and just hadn't made the time to go back and get it and go through things. Well, last weekend my brothers house burned down so him and his family had to move into my parents old house, so I really had to get my stuff out of there. Its really amazing the things you find! So I've been busy throwing things away and getting bags of clothes ready to donate. I have so many friggin clothes that I don't wear anymore or don't fit. I REALLY need to go through them all, Ryan's included. It seems the kids get new clothes every season but neither of us do.
the ruddy thing shut.
I'm desperate to figure out who it belongs to. It's a fairly professional office building, so I suspect that the driver won't look at all like a person who would drive a lowrider. I can't wait to find out.
While I managed to show a bit of restraint, Stéphane requested four items and charmed the young pastry chefs at the Vatel International Hospitality School by telling them that we should have started with dessert!
Your brother Gavin is such a funny and sensitive little boy, just like your Daddy. He loves to play sports, he loves to draw and he loves to make people laugh. He is very curious about you and often puts his ear up against my belly to see if he can hear you. He likes to feel you moving around in there and gets a big smile on his face when you kick. I love that when we’re here by ourselves at home he still calls Daddy “Dada” and me “Mama”. He’s so full of love, and can’t wait to meet you! He’s everybody’s buddy!
Here’s how it works:
So I walked through these questions with Jesus this morning, and left with this thought:
1 can cream of cheddar soup
Because of their subversive nature of these institutions, these schools have been outlawed in Russia and Uzbekistan.
Then when I worked in a private reading clinic for 8 years, I encountered many, many more children who were diagnosed with ADHD, some on medication, some not. And as I worked with these kids, I could not really see any big "problem" other than that they were active, curious kids who simply required more energy to work with than others. This was not a problem at all for me because they were just so much like my own son.
I was so tired of being pregnant, but scared to death of what childbirth was going to be. I had been in labor for most of the morning after I saw Dr. Banks and she told me to head to the hospital as today was going to be the big day.
Michael Fleisher, story - Gray Morrow, art - Ed Hannigan & Mark Texeira, cover (Layout by Neal Adams)
I want something virile. Let’s see.
I will now end my Academy Awards post, even though I could go on forever about this which I wont today. Maybe another time. So I end this with a picture of Meryl Streep and Robert De Niro in one of my favorite films of all times, Deer Hunter (in which she were nominated for the first time for the best supporting actress).
I frowned. “When?”
As a courageous honesty of inner conviction
Thank you. And Happy Easter!!!
You don't fix that by sending in the army. Those are people who work literally fighting for their lives. The incendiary effect that it would have if some of these poor powerless little bastards, suddenly drunk on the attention of the world's media and the realisation that the police can't stop them, were killed by soldiers... it doesn't bear thinking about. Water cannons? Well. Water seems perfectly harmless until someone loses an eye. To be honest, and I do wish the talking heads on my tv would be honest about how little control they have, there isn't much more that can be done without getting far too heavy handed. The police are doing their best - hundreds arrested. It will calm down. In the meantime, the #riotcleanup hastag on twitter should give you some hope and some direction if you live somewhere that is affected. Take some responsibility and show love where it's needed. At the risk of being labelled a clueless hippy, I'm hearing far too much vitriol being levelled in every direction in all this and it's going to help nobody.
Bio Engineering Greenhouse and Pre-Garden Worlds.
A beautiful and delightful book grounded in Maori traditions and centering on a young girl who moves beyond other’s definition of who she is.
I don’t care if Putin has turned the place in to a Latveria-of-the-mind: THEY’RE THE BAD GUYS, FUCK THEM. They were THE BEST bad guys: evil enough (gulags, proxy wars), but not, you know, too evil (that thing that made the 40′s such an inherent downer.) They had an ideology and an aesthetic, none of this “at night, it is my bed; during the day, my clothes” bullshit these Al Qaeda fuckmuppets smell up the room with.
Kickoff this bowl season and host your own Brew Bowl. For NCAA bowl games or Super Bowl, try to pick some brews from each participating city/region or something from the host city. If the city match up happens not to be in beers favor, like this year’s BCS National Championship between Oklahoma vs Florida in Tampa Bay or the Super Bowl in Miami then we must move to plan B.
Wed. CW starting at 5pound weights.
I’m not saying I don’t love him anymore, or I’m over him, or over us … I’m not … not at all; far from it in fact – but I’m ready to start mourning this. I’ve accepted that as it stands now it’s over and I need to let go.
Similarly any money that the world lends to America to finance more consumption will never be repaid. We will simply blow through it, and be back, hat in hand, begging for more. As we painfully learned in the housing bust, lending people money that they cannot pay back makes no sense. This applies equally to foreign central banks lending to America as it does to commercial banks lending to homeowners.
I'd really love to know what you think about the ministry of the whole family and hear anything you've done at your church; I'm always up for using other people's tried and tested ideas.
It's also day #2 of Doodle Week, with "gluttony" as the theme word.
Well after a crazy and tiring week, we had a very lazy weekend - thank goodness (well today we did have the ultimate excuse, as it rained all day !!!, so because of this, we took the opportunity to go and buy a new mattress and went for a memory foam / tempur one and i can't wait for it to arrive now, as i'm hoping it will help me get a better nights sleep (as i'm still struggling with my shoulders at night).
assalamualaikum, salaaaam sejahteraaa, kepada anda semua moga bahagiaaaa~
There was nothing outside. The light from the stars made it bright enough to see a long way. I walked around the ice shanty and still I saw nothing. I held a flash light up to the ice shanty wall where I thought I heard the scratching noises. I didn’t see any marks.
He said “Don’t be ridiculous”, and turned to my Mum and said “Take her home”. Then he stormed off. I remember everyone else turning away from me and muttering amongst themselves. Mum took me home and said “Why did you make a scene, couldn’t you have just accepted what he said?” I said “Mum, it seems to me that we just accept whatever the priest says and aren’t supposed to question it, but, what if he’s wrong?”. Mum said “He isn’t wrong, he’s the priest!”.
CMR: Pink Floyd’s 1974 British Winter Tour produced some of the most widely circulated recordings of all time including the well-documented Wembley concerts in mid-November and the infamous Stoke-On-Trent show which immediately followed that Empire Pool residency (and was the source for what is believed to be the first mass-produced Floyd bootleg, British Winter Tour ‘74, reportedly selling in excess of 100,000 units at the time!).
assorted fabric for the letters SEW and the heart
The talks have hung on whether he would bend to this pressure.
The wise one has been giving the best advice on politics, particularly strategy, for the 23 years I've known him. I still seek Yoda's advice in my work with the National Pro Life Alliance.
The movie has some third-act problems. The plot loses focus and flounders a bit before finding its way again for the spot-on ending. Not a great movie, but a worthy entry in the geek canon.
I am not sure if I will try this yet. While I don't have oily skin, I am little worried about trying it. I tend to have dry skin but have since gotten my face to be pretty moisturized, I am worried that if I try this, it will make my skin oily.
9pm — 11pm
ABC rules require that all award point programs be approved by an ABC publisher relations manager in advance of their implementation. You can download a pre-approval form on our website or contact your U.S. or Canadian publisher relations manager for more information.
Not just split, but likely discriminated by rising super powers India and China who make up 2/3rd of the world’s population and by their allies alone could make life very expensive and discriminatory to the racists who dare to be members of the 76 organisations above. As mentioned before, all Malays not part of the above organisations would not be subject to retaliation and should even form a counter organisation to announce to the world that they are true First Minded global citizens deserving the protection of all oppressed minorities here overseas. The minorities and right minded Malays will fight together for :
Well, that's it for this year. You know, this series was fun. I may just do it again next year at this time. No sooner, that would be awkward.
Boil noodles until desired tenderness (we eat more al dente style in my house) and drain.
I'm back - a little pooped, but oh my goodness, just soooo exhilarated at the same time.
Opinion: No. I don’t like the sound at all. And I really don’t like g’s. Especially in a sound like that, so it’s most definitely not my cup of tea. It’s very dated as well. And it’s dated in the way of Brenda, not Beatrice. In other words, not yet out enough for any sort of comeback. Give another couple decades and it just might come back (among certain groups of people anyway). What doesn’t make sense to me was why they would give the undercover cops those names (in the movie). They want them to pretend to be high schoolers, right? Yet they give them names that ought to belong to people older than they even are! It’s peculiar. At least do a little name research, officers-from-film.
Ulee’s Gold (Victor Nunez)
What will this post be about? Well nothing, because, frankly, my life’s been pretty boring lately.
to Amnon her brother
How completely filled in
close to the flaming sun
General Michael J. Williams, USMC (Ret.)
that appeals not only to the rubber stamper but visual
"It's not to eat" he said. "You'll upset the neighbour if you do."
Make Time to Play!
This is the page I created using the word Journey. I learned a few new techniques when I created this page and I also purchased a new action which I installed and used to ruffle the edges. I cannot remember the name of the digital scrapbook kit I used to create this page...when I find it, I will update my post with the name of it because it really is a wonderful kit.
The end of the novel makes it clear that there is still more work to be done if Raylene’s going to get to the true bottom of the government conspiracy she finds herself in in Bloodshot, and I look forward to reading her next adventure.
Let it dry and then apply a coat of varnish. A good option is Safecoat Acrylacq, for those of you who use stain more frequently, but I used a little bottle of craft sealant from JoAnn.
I am very loyal - which sounds good, but sometimes I put what might be best for me behind my concern for others. No one else knows this - I even took a back seat in a possible relationship because my friendship was so dear to me.
A wisp of guilt blooms within my chest -- I would have liked to capture my father's honors here too. I know then that in spite of his ego, I still care that he has missed so much in his life: not just the presence of family -- his and ours -- but the affection that comes with it, something he has been so used to living without. You are important too, I want to tell him, for each moment he ever privately doubted this -- and felt the need to compensate for it.
Riley put her head down again looking at the floor. His warm hands embraced her cheeks as his soft lips kissed her forehead. “I’ll just go up the street and back, and if you don’t like it we’ll come back and take the car. Okay?”
“And what if she bites one of the kids tomorrow?” The Agent countered. “What else can we do?”
"Come on Lisa; let’s go get an ice-cream".
Like many of my contemporaries, I love Star Wars. I love the universe, the characters, the battles, and while Star Wars is in no way perfect (Phantom Menace..) I am endlessly endeared. I even waited in line for 8 hours to see Revenge of the Sith, so you can trust when I say I’m a fan.
NIGERIA: Terrorizing The Media
It wasn’t as though I had a lot of offers after film school and I had to admit it did sound like fun. So I went back to Mississippi and somehow we stumbled our way to victory in what was seen as a major upset.
Instagram was bought for a billion. I signed up. Used it a few times. Now, I rarely use it. At this point, many of the photos I see posted are all looking the same to me.
I know in the end, my home is my home
DIY Bathroom Wall art
Contact Selwyn Duke
$20.00/1st class; $10 ea./next 3 classes. Seniors (60+ years) $12.00/1st class, $6 ea./next 3 classes.
tiny robot to follow him.
For I feel sad for the house which was once
MM: Good choice for a very first purchase, and an extremely poppy song. CKLW—were they playing the noisier sounds coming out of Detroit at the time?
- 1/2 cup of chicken stock
...and if I don't say so myself this cake is bloody amazing... so deeply layered with floral scent and flavours is the fabulous honey i've used that both The Viking and our weekend guests asked if there was ginger or golden syrup in it... I guess the honey has caramelised whilst baking and it really is superb... I picked it up from my recent visit to The Skidbrooke Cyder Company... Guy and Kate quickly realised they needed bees to pollinate the 800 apple trees they have and so installed 5 of their own bee hives... and a delicious side-line in honey, beeswax and meade are the results!
Our country girl can sew and shoot, cook and change oil, dance and dirtbike. She's humble with all that she's blessed with and takes pride in what SHE accomplishes. She gives of herself and her time, as her parents both do, and she's compassionate towards others, but that doesn't necessarily mean she's tolerant if you can understand the difference.
I had fun. I met people. I experienced things. I paid attention. I lived. I enjoyed people and activities and myself!
to the clouds
These rolls are about as easy as they come. While they take a long time due to their rising, there’s no kneading involved, so the actual effort on your part is minimal. I didn’t think they tasted very focaccia-like, but they’re a good crusty roll that would be excellent with a bowl of soup, or with black bean burgers.
As civilization crumbles in slow motion before our very eyes, people become ruder at the movies. There's no getting around that. Especially bad are girls who think that a night out with their man grants them impunity, like he'll throw his hipster fedora Oddjob-style and decapitate anyone who tells her to quiet down. Even the great New Beverly Cinema is not immune. Weeks after they'd put up a sign in the box office prohibiting glass bottle beer, bad people are still breaking the rules and the bottles. This wasn't a problem before but the selfish don't know from privilege. One of the MCs has even taken to warning people not be dicks since some of these movies are funny enough on their own. I must not be the only one who's sent a pissed off email to them lately. If the Beverly's not safe to enjoy trash respectfully, no place is.
I’m going to give him the best gift ever, a mother who doesn’t embarrass or interfere or overreact or preach.
What that meant, of course, is that a lot of people were going to the site. Into the afternoon and evening hours, the site loaded fine. Perhaps TAG moved to a server that was more capable of handling large volumes of traffic. If you couldn't access the site yesterday, try again.
Mug: Cath Kidston.
Well it is almost a new army. I have these guys in 15mm scale and they are probably my most used figures having seen many days of marching, encountering strange characters and events and fighting numerous battles with the perfidious King and his army of lackeys. All using RFCM/Peter Pig’s “Regiment of Foote” rules- simply the best set I have played in any period. So why ECW 28mm Parliamentarians? Dunno really -ask Nigel, it’s all his fault.These figures almost all Warlord plastic or hybrid metal/plastics. Guns, generals and some casualties from Perry Miniatures. Flags from Flags of War. Amazingly all painted in January- although I have to confess Hampton’s Greencoats were 90% done to start with. A total figure count of 220 in a month which I am more than happy with, especially as they are in 28mm- not my normal size of figure. Painted over a black undercoat and then brushed on Army Painter stain, the result is a little dark for my tastes and I may need to tweak the painting style in the future. However for a one-off project it did the job and got them on the table. Also they have been matt varnished, I normally prefer the more vibrant colours and use a high gloss polyurethane varnish for all except modern stuff who look silly covered in shiny stuff. I think I’ll be going back to that as these look incredibly dull.
The fat man in front of me
● collection of fav knick knacks
So - do your own professional writing audit. Or illustrating audit, if that's what you do. What have you tried? What have you achieved? What have you failed at? What will you do next year? Which skills do you want to develop? How? Treat your writing like a real job - if you don't, no one else will.
New Recipe I tried or want to try soon: I want to find a good pumpkin fudge recipe. Still on the hunt!
I don't have to tell you things are bad. Everybody knows things are bad. It's a depression. Everybody's out of work or scared of losing their job. The dollar buys a nickel's worth; banks are going bust; shopkeepers keep a gun under the counter; punks are running wild in the street, and there's
As long as we hold fast to the very end, trusting in Yahushua with every avenue of our life, we can remain hopeful and courageous to the end. With out Yahushua to lead us, by the power of His Spirit, our faithfulness might waver and we might easily be blown away by the winds of temptation, false teachings and even persecution.
She loves me.
“Fine,” I said. “But this wasn’t my friend. It was a stranger.”
A fiery glow suddenly illuminated the walls around them. They turned in unison and stared in disbelief as a gibbous light emanated from the canvas bag.
Your voice, even from such distance, holds me captive. It makes me tremble with bitter-sweet longings. Like a fawn feather it gently churns the milk of my heart and creates deeper play than the words can create. Behind my ear the temperature rises. The warm flush slowly spreads through me. A musky tickle along the spine. It’s the fuel that feeds me, nourishes me, gives me life. It’s not just a sound, it has a soul, a body, unadorned, deep, rich, sensuasly splendid. Sultry, like a summer breeze. From across the miles it reaches out, touches me, sweeps me off my feet, lifts me to the heights unknown as I lose myself to it and surrender to those brief periods of orgasmic bliss.
Goodbye Glee. 'Twas fun.
Once upon a time, of course, it was tropical. Warm seas, steamy swamps, plesiosaurs... in jurassic times. The way down to the sea is a steep little path through bushy vegetation, with a few stone steps here and there, no handrails, some mud, brambles, nettles... it takes a while to get there. "Are we there yet?" she sings out... -not even close, -it's steep.
For week seven my goals are to:
“I’m known as the sound man’s enemy,” said Reed, “Because I speak so softly. Dangerous men don’t shout, only loudmouths shout.”
The outside lights will be left on all night, and the Samhain candle burning in front of an open curtain, to light the way for the wandering spirits - and show them where the yummy stuff is.
First, Congressman Ron Paul during a presidential debate last month expressed the belief that those who carried out the September 11 attack were retaliating for the many abuses perpetrated against Arab countries by the United States over the years. The audience booed him, loudly.
Here are the six basic disaster preparedness at home that you must ensure:
Your contact points: Tell them every possible way to contact you when they are considering buying from you! Clearly list your email address, business phone number, postal address, website, online store address, blog address, twitter account, LinkedIn details and more. If you’re there, don’t let it be a secret!
NEVER SUBMIT
particularly helpful and interesting to little miss story as of late.
a prison of words locked away inside
Of course, it took some experimentation to come up with all those different beers. "There are a few beers we made that have been hidden away, and we don't talk about," concedes Stephen. "We experimented with a lot of different woods for our Bourbon Dubbel. We tried cedar wood, which someone told us was poisonous. It tasted like drinking the closet."
As I write this, I imagine that we are sitting at my kitchen table and chatting over a cup of coffee while familiar Christmas carols celebrate the Season. My twelve year old Chihuahua, Pongo, barks for a pinch of pound cake while my Shih Tzu, Lilly, patiently sits by the chair and waits for a crumb to fall.
For just $49.95, you’ll have the opportunity to munch on our assortment of tasty seafood tostadas, including Shrimp, Tuna, Fish and Octopus. You’ll also be served endless plates of delicious FRIDA sopes! We’re talking Chicken, Veggie, Chorizo, Asada, Carnitas and Pollo Pibil.
No walls that confine my stroll,
She was soon forgiven. She gave us some insight into Rachmaninoff’s Elegy for a teach not yet dead, and then I must confess my page turning skills were greatly tested. I was utterly involved with the sounds flowing from her fingers. Again, I am telling you, you should have been there.
The stories combine aerial combat and espionage with elements of the bizarre. In Scourge of the Skies a diabolically clever German scientist has developed a gigantic mechanical pterodactyl. Other stories involve death rays and beams of light that cause instant senility, or what appear to be ultra-advanced super high speed aircraft.
We all will die…it’s just that some of us realize it.
Pigbag - Dr Heckle And Mr Jive (Stiff 1982)
Basically, what happened was I tried to write an essay for Discover Card’s Win A Day With The Stanley Cup sweepstakes, because I love writing and I love hockey. I slaved over this 1000 word essay about my love for hockey and was (reasonably) proud and confident in my efforts. Then I discovered I’d read the rules wrong and it had to be under 1000 CHARACTERS. Including spaces and punctuation.
3. May 9 Wednesday: Trivia Night at Mucky Duck!
Let me present to you now Len and Sid. Firm childhood favourites, this little pair of scamps reside in the Blackberry Farm series of stories. My son and I thought a picture of them would be most appropriate for the other twins in our lives, and given the mischief they are apt to get up to, well we couldn't very well pass up the opportunity to turn them into a card now could we? I admit he had a little help... I sketched the outline and then, as it was for a very special occasion, let him loose with my Inktense pencils to colour in. We turned the pencil to paint together (I did the small bits!). He was over the moon when I said I would share his work of art on my blog!
I read this quote on the Finding the Peace Facebook page:
It is probably because the last hospital was talking about discharging me after the weekend. Then upon arriving here, the world changed. There is also feelings that a discharge date is completely outwith my control. I’ve been told that they are happy, satisfied would possibly serve better, with my mood and well-being whilst in ward. It is at home where the troubled waters lie. A dark, murky abyss I have no hope of understanding yet alone mastering.
Now let's see how we fare (get it?) with the plot: in the heart of Washington D.C., the worst taxi company is D.C. Cab, owned and operated by the laid-back Vietnam vet Harold (Max Gail). And his drivers are no prizes themselves: what with the overly-jivey Tyrone (Charlie Barnett), conspiracy-laden hick weirdo Dell (Gary Busey), wannabe ladies man Xavier (Paul Rodriguez), Rastafarian goofball Bongo (DeWayne Jessie), soft-spoken musician Bob (Bill Maher), musclebound musclehead brothers Buddy (Peter "Barbarian" Paul) and Buzzy (David "Barbarian" Paul), consistently held-up at gunpoint Ophelia (Marsha Warfield), and the strong yet good-hearted Samson (Mr. T), with the ever-present Mister Rhythm (Whitman Mayo) around offering such sage advice as "If you can make from night until morning without committing suicide, then you're okay".
The supplies I used:
Assumption officials also condemned the violence in Norway and extended sympathies to the families of massacre victims. No one returned phone messages The Associated Press left at the home of Forts’ family in Shrewsbury and with another relative.
How do you pray “genuine heartfelt prayers”? - Simply by keeping yourself in the love of God. If the love of God is in you, you will never pray hypocritical or selfish prayers. Just talk to your heavenly Father as candidly and intimately as a young child, nestled on Daddy’s lap, would talk to his earthly father. Let me ask you, How would you feel if every day your child pulled out a pre-written statement to dryly recite to you , rather than pouring out the events and emotions of that day? God wants to hear from your heart. When your prayer life is pleasing to God, He will reward you openly (Matt. 6:6).
3. Hotel Room; The Window; The Parlour; The Madhouse; The Peephole
(That’s his real middle name, by the way. Man, his parents must have hated him. Can you imagine what middle school must have been like?)
Who asked me to homecoming.
“Copulatory activity in national banking institutions: A methodological exploration of translation and back-translation issues in corporate-sponsored sexual surveys”
Thank you all for your comments. I have been very encouraged, that there are people really interested in me here. Dankscheun!
These cards were made by my 5 year old son and I for his classmates. I think they are adorable. We had a lot of fun making them!
Excerpt from Undeniably Torn
Well we all survived a tonne of Chocolate and I have just ordered a huge box of fruit and veggies to go on a week long detox fast....I'll see how long I can hold out!! Ha ha!!
And it grew and grew and grew.
Feed the cats-upper right hand side
1368 D-II/1/2001. “Superstition and Abraham Lincoln.” Women’s Society, Hyde Park Union Church, Chicago, Illinois.
Rambling around this weekend, collecting random beauty, and a few interesting somethings to show you...
Avengers talaga ang favorite kong Marvel Comics mula pa noong bata ako. Matagal ko na siguro nasabi ito. At iyun na lang. I love the movie. perfectly satisfied. I am planning to watch it again.
At the time of his reception into the Church, Baring had only scratched the surface of his own literary potential. He had written several books, most notably on his experiences in Russia, and also a translation of Leonardo da Vinci's Thoughts on Art and Life. He had also published in 1906 a volume of poetry, Sonnets and Short Poems, which did not receive the critical acclaim it deserved. Sadly, today as in his own day, the merits of Baring's poetry continue to go largely unnoticed. Several sonnets inspired by his experience as a war correspondent during the Russo-Japanese war in 1904, particularly "The Dead Samurai to Death" and "The Dying Reservist," warrant a place in any anthology of war poetry. That place is seldom granted. Similarly, several sublimely beautiful sonnets inspired by his love for Russia, most notably "Harvest in Russia," and by his love for the arts, particularly his trilogy of sonnets on "Beethoven," "Mozart," and "Wagner," remain unread and completely unknown to modern readers. His poem, "Candlemas," written alongside the sonnet sequence "Vita Nuova" as a commemoration and celebration of his reception into the Church, is one of the finest religious sonnets of the 20th century.
Anna
“In particular this reflects our hard work with local people and local partners on tackling the continuing menace of the EDL and other extreme far right groups.
Happy yarning everyone.
Every fabric of our society is ‘kotor’ because the ‘Ketuanan’ in us exists.
Behind the bar there are a number of fridges rammed with interesting looking bottles with unfamiliar labels. That beer labels were unfamiliar to me and was a pleasant surprise as I have certainly sank a fair number and i'm always on the lookout for beers to try whether it be from specialist shops to online mail order. I asked if they had a beer list for the non BrewDog bottled beers with percentages and pricing only to be told they didn't have one, not a lot to ask really is it? So unfortunately I'm still no wiser as to what bottled beers they actually stock.
She realizes she has raised her voice too much. Regaining her composure, she breathes in slowly, deeply.
Hey Diva's! I am jumping on here really quick to share the last Teacher Appreciation Gift of the Week!
New Potato and Vegetable Scramble
CF is off to spend the day on the beaches of North Norfolk, having spent yesterday bobbing about on the River Cam.
Challenge Rules and Requirements:
Fox News, the editorial pages of his Wall Street Journal and other Murdoch outlets often rail against taxes. Their attacks on government benefits for the elderly, the sick, the jobless and children focus attention on the uses of tax dollars and away from his aggressive efforts to enjoy the benefits of civilization without paying for them.’
We built a strong friendship in school but it was not until we lived 1200 miles away from each other that we realized how close we really were. I lived in Florida and he in Michigan and we probably only visited each other a few times a year. We chatted on the phone occasionally and kept up to date with life in general but on those visits we were inseparable. Like those childhood moments camping out with your best friend we would sit all night on the lanai of my Florida townhouse smoking cigarettes and solving the problems of the world.
* Gena Tea Tree Oil
So does it bother them that 16 years after it ended, people still constantly refer to their first cult hit, despite the fact that they have been constantly working on other projects since?
I’m still debating with myself.
New writer Dominic Mitchell’s first TV commission was developed by the BBC Drama Production team in Salford and discovered through ‘Northern Voices’, a BBC Writersroom competition.
IT TAKES A LOT OF BAD BEHAVIOR TO GET ON THE NAUGHTY LIST.
To assemble the tacos, place a big spoonful of the fish onto the center of a tortilla. Top with the marinated onions. I also added a sort of cole slaw to the taco's. Serve with salsa.
Now it takes no reminder that alcohol duty is the same for both on and off trade. It is no more a kick in the teeth for pubs than supermarkets. The tax difference between on and off trade is in the VAT, and only different because pubs charge rip off prices. The higher the price, the higher the VAT. What with VAT being a percentage of price. Money grasping landlords that moan about their taxes have a simple route to paying less tax. Charge Wetherspoons prices and lower your VAT bill.
I am acutely sensitive to how assumptions are made based on an accent – here in London, I often help a Filipino friend by making phone calls on her behalf because she finds that people – like her doctor and council workers – change their behavior when confronted with someone who has an accent that is not as “other” as hers.
this whole immensity has been fashioned? Nothing
But democracy, we soon forget, has existed in the Middle East for generations. In the same way it's existed in Liberia, and in Mexico, and in the Philippines. A trend such as blue jeans can be exported anywhere in the world and look more or less the same.
I was incredibly hesitant when I joined my first gym. I just went through my files, and found my first contract – I signed up for my first gym membership in July 2007, a solid two and a half years before I began the weight loss journey that I’m currently on. I don’t know how much I weighed back then (I went for years without ever stepping on a scale), but I looked similar to the ‘Before’ pictures in the Photo Gallery.
From ABC, oddly enough:
For some time now, abortion has been a topic of much controversy throughout the United States. The subject has breached its way into our discussions of politics, religion, health, education, and almost any other sector you can imagine. In truth, abortion has been discussed so much and so fiercely throughout the country in the last several decades that it has become something of a cliché topic. But, nonetheless, abortion is discussed throughout the news, internet, blogosphere, and television, and, it should be. Since the iconic 1973 Supreme Court case Roe v. Wade, abortion has been legal in one way or another throughout every state in the United States. However, even with major steps in a positive direction for woman’s health and a woman’s right to choose, abortion laws remain difficult to bear in many states. Now, it’s clear by now that I’m not coming at this issue from an unbiased standpoint. I agree with a woman’s right to choose and I would like to discuss the Texas state laws concerning abortion and how they affect a woman wishing to obtain an abortion for whatever reason.
Oh, you are men of stone”
I Won’t Pet Bob!
The men have covered faces and only eyes are visible. One of them holds me firmly and almost drags me inside the same corridor but from the door on the other side. It’s much more lighted. His grip is strong and hurts. (I felt the pain on my right arm even after waking up) .
“Every woman is different. Some get extremely sick, and some don’t get sick at all, “ said Tammy.
I’ve just recently finished reading The Grace Outpouring, a lovely birthday present from my Dad. I’d highly recommend a read of it.
1000 words
British National Party: 279 votes (Cathy Duffy )
Editor and Coach for Writers Debra Marrs offers writing how-to tips and advice at YourWriteLife.com (http://www.yourwritelife.com) You can exchange tweets with her @DebraMarrs
People in the USA used to start potty training really early. Like two or three months old. This was back when there were no disposable diapers, and no automatic washing machines. When washing machines got to be more popular, good old Dr. Spock suggested waiting longer to potty train, like 9 months old or so. In 1957 half of all babies started potty training by 9 months old.
Did you catch that last bit? The bit that is two solid hours of non-sleeping cluster feeding every single night, followed by an hour of sleeping-but-not-really? Yeah. I’ve basically started my day at 3AM for the last two or three weeks and I am so tired and irritable that yesterday I told the kids 15 minus four is nine, and all kinds of totally unreasonable and stupid shit is making me angry all out of proportion.
Step 1: Wash the rice several times with water until the water runs clear from the rice. Soak rice if you desire to help your cooking time.
Ceramicist Patricia Shone won the Gold Award in the Ceramics category, which was judged by Steve Ogden. Speaking about Patricia’s work, he said: “Each piece has a sense of movement as if the process of making is ongoing, pots are almost still being rotating, it’s this movement combined with the applied surface decoration and form which made the work stand out as a gold award winner.”
The campus police are busy investigating the latest campus crime wave, noting the thieves have targeted machines in the the Chemistry Building, the Human Ecology Building and the Computer Center. MSU police Sgt. Florene McGlothian-Taylor said, "thefts from feminine-hygiene dispensers have been spotty in the past."
In other words, who are the enemies of the ANC government? To discover the answer to this question one only needs to identify who the NIA are monitoring, and who they are neutralizing. One would think that the answer is evident, but it is not… The entire population is being monitored! The Afrikaner-rightwing element has long ago been identified and also neutralized to a large extent. It is only the fragmented splinter-groups and their leaders who are being closely monitored at this point in time.
Evildoers beware! Retribution is at hand, thanks to Britain's best-kept secret agents!!
And if you come, when all the flowers are dying
Despite the mass confusion, I was lucky enough to find my English journal. I suppressed a yawn as I opened the thin green filler and tried to focus on writing an entry. I took off the cap of my highly used, or as my mother sees it, highly abused Faster ballpen. As I did this, I realized that a messy room wasn’t the best place to start writing. I remembered the advice of my very able teacher. She told me that when I write, I should go to a place where I could appreciate nature.
However, the ideas and praxis around which they intend to build are not outlined. Perhaps this is to come from the "process of regroupment".
Penn State University had no other option than to dismiss the legendary Joe Paterno from his position of head football coach for the Nittany Lions.
“We didn’t talk about it!”
Im seriously considering becoming a foster parent. I kinda like the idea.
There was a real Valentine. According to a book I have, St. Valentine was a priest in Rome, and a physician (like St. Luke). He was beheaded in Rome on February 14, about the year 269, and was buried on the Flaminian Way (one of the main roads leading out of Rome) where a basilica was put up in his honor in the year 350, about the time Christianity became legal in the Roman Empire.
KH: It actually doesn't mean anything. I don't remember actually how it was conceived. We thought "reflection" was a cool word and we wanted to use it.
* Saw Thriller at The Covey Center, Provo
His weight bearing down on her caught her by surprise. And then he was on top of her. Thrusting. Prying her legs apart. She lay very still. Did not struggle. This was not happening. Surely that woman, so small, so fragile, lying spread eagled on a floral bedspread was not her. Surely that man was not Anu. He could never be her Anu.
Back on the trying to conceive crazy train though. Eric and I have decided that since none of the drugs I was on prevented the miscarriage that I won't be going back on them. Maybe I said that in a previous post already? It's late -- sue me. The only drug I might get back on is the Metformin. I liked how it allowed me to lose some weight and I didn't crave sweets.
One person I would sadly be unable to speak to was co-star Phyllis Major, who had died only a couple years after THE CANDY SNATCHERS was released.
I had to break down and get a pound o’ Chessex dice. At least two other people in the group got a bag over he holiday season and my jealousy knew no bounds. Plus, I needed to replenish the barrel o’ dice I keep at the table for those unfortunates without dice of their own. This pound just about doubled my collection. It is a pretty nice set, mostly of multi-color solids. tons of D20s including a series of grey and yellow high rollers.
This place gives new meaning to “product placement.” And we paid to be bombarded with ads?? Why aren’t they paying us?
Start with four 800 repeats and work up to eight.
Other GE foods are canola, papayas, radicchio, potatoes, rice, squash or zucchini, cantaloupe, sugar beets, flax, tomatoes, and oilseed rape. One non-food crop that is commonly GE is cotton. The GE hormone recombinant bovine growth hormone (rBGH or Prosilac) was one of the first GE products allowed to enter the nation’s food supply. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Monsanto’s rBGH in 1993.”
A few quotes, ie:
What else is new? Well, I found out what I’m going to focus on in the polemics-class (Battle over the Bible), namely Modern Jewish-Muslim polemics over the Bible. At least that’s the idea. I hope that that will give me the chance for some insights in a world, which normally isn’t being introduced to many, both in a historic and more recent context. For example am I planning on writing a review on an article about the mufassir (Muslim interpreter of the Quran), Ibn Biqâ’î, who used the Bible in his tafsir (interpretation of the Quran), and reactions to that, as well as the four Muslim approaches to the Bible. Hope that will interest some of you.
7. How long have you watched 1?
“Aye, aye captain,” He retorted.
Bamboo Batting is amazingly soft, drapes beautifully, low loft so its easier for hand quilting. Bamboo batting dries 3 times faster than cotton batting and will not allow mold or mildew to grow. This is my next favourite choice.
Deaf awareness continues to grow; interest in American Sign Language is higher than it has ever been, thanks to a popular television show with deaf actors. But in a sense, Hard of Hearing awareness is separate from Deaf awareness, and MUCH needs to be done to educate normal hearing people. My recent interactions with a young married couple (Tony and Anna) in my denomination were a major learning experience on just how desperate this awareness is needed.
And those little suckers are quite heavy - in fact that's one of the key indicators of a good truffle, that it's heavy for its size. You also want to check it has been brushed clean; dodgy vendors have been known to stuff cracks with mud to increase the truffle's weight. It should also be free of soft spots (hence all the fondling) and have a strong truffle-y odour.
There are sooo many fellow bloggers who continuously bring a smile to my face & inspire me with all their creativity! It is difficult to choose 6 but I feel as though I should play by the rules. I would like to pass the Sunshine Award to in no particular order:
As far as sleeping is concerned, it's just been a little weird with them in my room in the morning. They are still sleeping well though...fortunately!!!
Hi Guys! I would like to share an article that I read from askmen.com. This article is about getting ripped and looking like a male model vs. getting ripped and having an athletic body. I will always maintain that form should always follow function, and that muscles that are “all show and no go” are superficial.
Her absence be felt…
Thank you for stopping by, all your comments are much appreciated.
Thought I would try and post something different this week.
“Sometimes anger can make you strong.”
Karchev made his way out of the army box for a 50pt hardcore matchup. I took the newly completed Behemoth and a shed load of ‘jacks to round out a tier 4 list.
"In fact," Mr. Think continued, cutting him off, "isn't it true that before last year not a single incident of disappearance occurred except that of a senile man who wandered out and was never found, and that was, what, twenty years ago?"
In 2001, the Bush Administration reactivated these Cold War mechanisms, not to fight the Soviet Union but to impose a “New World Order.” Since 11 September 2001, the excuse for this reactivation is “The War on Terror.” Once again the intelligence community turned to universities: the CIA’s director of scientific research, John Philips, took control of the Rochester Institute of Technology; Michael Crawl, deputy director of the CIA’s joint economic association in the computer sector was appointed dean of the University of Arizona, and Robert Gates (former CIA director under Bush Senior) before becoming Bush/Obama’s Pentagon Chief was president of Texas A&M University.
Most of the previous efforts at resistance had been violent, with participants being gassed and beaten. However, there had been a few notable exceptions. Todd Willingham knelt down and refused to be put in the execution van to be taken to the death house. Similarly, David Harris. But they did their protest of resistance on the day of their own execution, as did everyone else. I decided that I would have my last visits at least a month prior and dedicate at least a month to non-violent resistance of my execution date. And that’s what I did.
Year of Release: 1998
I love this scarf because it looks like a vintage artifact, even though it's new. And it looks perfect with my camel-hair winter coat! And that's why stitch patterns should never be forgotten - they are timeless, really.
Brown is arguably the most influential evangelical in Nebraska. He is routinely asked to speak at churches because people look up to him and love him. This is true inside and outside the church. As a veteran local sage at the Omaha World-Herald noted, Brown has a track record of public engagement on moral issues.
The slogan makes it clear that we're trading on Geldof's Band Aid reputation here.
States – 2030 authored by some
In September 2003, I fractured my ankle at an Aikido seminar. I was thrown into the same spot as another student. As I was coming up from my roll, I could see that if I left my foot out, it would end up in his teeth. Not being experienced enough at the time I pulled my foot back on instinct rather than opening myself up to the side. Pain shot through upon impact with the mat.
The success of this recipe depends upon the melted chocolate and butter being at the same temperature. If not, the chocolate and butter will separate.
I visited Natura’s store in Paris a few years ago and this experience is very different. Here, the purchase of a product is ancillary to the education you receive in how to use the product and how the product meets their standard of excellence. In Paris, the store is a store, an elegant store to be sure, but a store.
“I’m going to fucking kick her teeth in!” Bitch shouted.
my love is evermore
I can’t believe the last person to use the copier didn’t hit the reset button when they were through.
The second, more heartening revelation is that the people of Britain are capable, and have indeed been engaged in, mass collective action on an astounding scale.
Unfortunately in some if not most places, their natural habitats are slowly disappearing. So are these wild creatures and many other wildlife. Fortunately, we still have small pockets of nature and these wild creatures can still be found there.
May 03 1:57 AM
iii) 58% of Bangladeshis believe in Islamic terrorism.
Poa secunda (Sandberg Bluegrass)
- Try taking a bath or shower with the baby. The skin-to-skin contact and warm water can be calming.
So far it has not effected me at all.
- Max. age 27 years old
Easter with great food, friends and family to
These pieces have all been part of our collection at some time but sadly all belong in other collections now!
But I digress. It was a pretty mean thing to do. To “Dwight Shcruite”, whoever and whereever you are: I’m sorry about your organizer. I know the feeling of loss that must have caused, because I’ve lost things I’ve put a lot of work into more times than I want to remember. But it was just too laughable for me to care. So in a sense, I judged you, and punished you for being wanting. I suppose I have some negative karma from that, but fortunately for me I don’t believe in karma as a disembodied force.
We salute you, JoBeth Williams, you sexy Scream Queen, you!
The blurb says that “The Sexual Life of Catherine M. is very much a manifesto of our times – when the sexual equality of women is a reality and where love and sex have gone their own separate ways.” Well, I think it’s a travesty to call it a “manifesto of our times” when it’s just dreary coupling after dreary coupling. Yes, women these days are free to choose who they sleep with, how many people they sleep with and indeed how many people they sleep with at once without judgement. That all sounds right to me. But surely the important word here is ‘choose’, whereas Catherine M. never seems to choose. She just sort of gets on with it.
They would be saying look at this big bubble Aunt Dee Dee and we would all stop and try to make a run to see who could be the bubble catcher for that big bubble.
“How much what?” responded Brown.
We have to know how much and how quickly to push ourselves to grow past prior limitations, but also recognize just how far we can make it on the next leap.
One of the peculiar truths of the Troubles was that the regular Army, certainly from about late 1974 and the start of the PIRA’s temporary ceasefire onwards, saw very little in the way of actual combat with republican paramilitaries. When this year-long ceasefire broke down in early 1976, the war moved quickly from its earlier insurgency phase (during which the PIRA sought to force British forces out of NI outright through relatively open warfare) into its ‘Long War’ phase (during which the PIRA adopted more ‘classic’ terrorist/guerrilla tactics to inflict attrition on British forces over the long term). Engaging in open gun battles with soldiers was no longer a PIRA objective. As a consequence, the duties of regular soldiers now consisted largely of patrolling, manning checkpoints, and standing guard. During the commission of these duties they would occasionally be attacked by bombers, snipers, and the like, but very rarely engage in shooting matches with them. Nearly all of the PIRA volunteers killed by British security forces after this transition were killed by the SAS, 14 Intelligence Company (of whom more later), or the RUC.
That's what we are becoming. The Lord sure is giving us a lot of opportunities to live like country folk, in spite of the fact that we dwell in a townhouse. Does this mean he is preparing us a home outside of town? If so, he is also preparing for us a mower and a plow and something to push that plow... and lots of gas for many trips into town. :) I'm kind of liking the idea, although I have to confess that for the past forty-some years I have not been trained to keep up the work ethic that is needed for country life. It's never too late to change, and miracles do happen. I am looking forward to a miracle in my character.
My first stop was just for me - one of my favourite little places where I get the most wonderful wensleydale fibre from. I can definately recommend it.
“Whereas, first, the Cour d'Appel decision found that SPC no. 02C0020 was requested for a plant protection product whose active substance is the combination of benoxacor and S-Metolachlor and that SPC no. 97C0048 granted previously on the basis of patent no. 84810599 covers the combination of benoxacor and metolachlor without reference to one or more specific spatial forms of metolachlor; it further pointed out, on specific and adopted grounds, that the metolachlor molecule has two R and S enantiomers and four possible spatial forms, and that S-Metolachlor is only one enantiomer of the metolachlor substance; finally, it pointed out, on valid grounds, that it is not demonstrated that the transition of the active substance in question, from a racemic form to an enantiomer form, implies that the product has a different activity profile; from these findings and assessments, the Court of Appeal, which carried out the study referred to in the second part of the argument, was able to infer that the combination of benoxacor and S-Metolachlor constituted the same active substance as the combination of benoxacor and metolachlor since it was composed of the same sequence of atoms and, thus, one and the same product within the meaning of Articles 1. 3, 1. 8 and 3 of EC Regulation 1610/96”This ruling may be related to the different European Escitalopram decisions dealing with the definition of a product under the scope of medicament SPCs, i.e. the Austrian and German decisions you have posted earlier. It however remains unclear about the burden, requirements and means left to the patentee to demonstrate an improved profile".Edouard and François look forward to providing readers of this weblog with a complete translation as soon as possible.
I don't know about you, but I don't spend a mortgage or car payment on mirrors. So when I walked into Marshalls (now owned by TJ Maxx, so their stuff has improved), this mirror was like a beacon of light, shining down on my wallet and begging me to take him home.
The number of people who agreed: 93%. Notice that no real reason was given this time—obviously, everyone waiting for the Xerox machine had to make copies. Yet nearly as many people agreed as when a real reason was given.
I think I can say with total assurance that at this point in my life, it is highly doubtful that I am ever going to change when it comes to the virgin magazine. And if you are ever in a magazine aisle and you see this girl reaching for the magazine way way waaaaaaaaaaaaaay at the back of the pile, the likelihood is, that is just crazy old me! Harmless of course, unless you touch my virgin magazine and then I take no further responsibility for my future actions.
This morning, I looked up the artist. Her name is Nancy Wilds, and she's from Aiken, SC. This type of artwork is called Illuminated Manuscript. Here's the info from her website:
Again, I have really not much of an idea how realistic or crazy these are...but as I find every day, every race, every event...it is all a learning experience.
4.) Partly due to number three and because of many more reason I do believe I am going to be moving out of my parents house this summer.
06. Heart's All Gone Interlude
This is a muddy subject. Probably I never should have written anything. Well please let me know how you feel. If you are a foreigner like me and think this is offensive please let me know, I will remove this article.
“I’ve got the music in me.” “Twinkle, twinkle little star.” “The hills are alive with the sound of music.” “I’m singing in the rain.” “Rolling in the deep.” “Just you and I.” “Tommy used to work on the docks.”
I’m a Believer – Do you believe?
Love Will Tear Us Apart
I used mainly the Zoo Baloo, Stretch the Imagination and Paper Dolls for Everyday cartridges
Evil Tears – if you could stay at bay today – that would be awesome. I promise to not be Evil Joy today if you stay away. Otherwise….Bawhahahahahahaha!
for they will be filled.
Not that you embrace my ways as right for you, but that you are no longer irritated or disappointed with me for my seeming waywardness. And in understanding me you might come to prize my differences from you, and, far from seeking to change me, preserve and even nurture those differences.
Hi everyone! I am a 44 year old, stay at home Mom. I laugh when I say stay at home, because I actually am the secretary/accountant and jack of all trades for our local family based business.
couldn’t utter a word to console,
The Chicago Cultural Center opened a very unique and intense art exhibit in January called “Morbid Curiosity.” The exhibit is truly unique because it showcases the work not of a singular artist, but of a collector. The art exhibit is extremely intense because its theme is death.
So, I will be resting, taking my antibiotic (which makes me drowsy)...will try to comment on your blogs, but will not be posting for now...no cooking, or baking, but will be enjoying all your mouthwatering and delicious foods, and amazing desserts you post!
You’ve been blinded by your own feeling.
The following list is by no means complete, but it does let collectors know which redemption cards from which products are being processed this week. We’ll update this list as frequently as possible as new redemptions are added.
So too should be the planning.
As former Law Society of Scotland President Ian Smart, tweeting in his personal rather than ex officio capacity, commented last night, and I paraphrase “How does alleged perjury by defence witnesses help an accused overturn his conviction?”
May you live in Interesting Times.Ammo, gold, and MREs. Don't forget the Water purification.
Then there’s Nicky. You know how in class there’s always this guy who struggles to catch the teacher’s attention? That’s him. He’s a handsome kid and he’s quite brilliant too. I think he’ll be a great engineer someday. In our past classes, he’s been drawing roads again and again and again. Today he drew clocks. Nothing extraordinary. Except, he drew lots of it and made it appear showing the differences in time zones. Something like this:
Bisexual
GO FISH! GO MARLINS!
Tools: Marianne D doily die; Cheery Lynn "Art Deco" corners; Leone Em "Ash Family" leaf punch.
Xypherous: Look. You’re starting to do more damage to her.
* Release any resistance to change. Change is the inevitable component of life that happens either with our approval OR without it. As we rides the waves of inevitable change with trust and faith, we allow for the expansion and evolution that our soul intended for us to experience in this lifetime. Any resistance to the flow of change brings unnecessary struggle that only serves to keep us frustrated and stagnant at best. The true beauty in life occurs when we ride the winds of expansion without the element of force or denial preventing it’s natural flow. Open doors cannot be seen until or unless we allow for them. It is in releasing the resistance that the invisible becomes visible and the unknown becomes known.
Funny, yesterday was the first that I realized that this down-time may have been “pre-ordained”. I’ve been saying for some time now, that I need to slow down, be still and listen to Him. Until this happened, I hadn’t made much of an effort to do that. God knew that I needed some time to focus on Him and He made sure that happened. Not that He caused my fall! Oh no! But. . . He allows things to happen and all that.
Some care needs to be taken with this formulation. No matter how integrated a community, it does not rival the integration of an individual. A community is not conscious nor does it possess an unconscious. While Introverted Sensation serves an important centralizing role, it would be wrong to call it a ‘primary’ function like that held by an individual. This also means, however, that the community can sustain functional diversity in a more robust way than can an individual. What the community lacks in agency and integration, it gains in adaptability and permeability. While its members alienate functional attitudes antithetical to their own, communities incorporate and exploit contrary functions.
The spectacle of human folly; I suppose that is the attraction of adventure books, catastrophic or heroic. Without heroic fools like Burke and Wills, nothing would happen.
I had been looking forward to adding the family Valentine to our collection, but it appeared my mother-in-law had designs on it as well. So we let her have first dibs, and set about scheming on how to get one of our very own for the collection. As anyone who's looked at Valentine typewriter auctions will tell you, they tend to command rather high prices. Once, in a fit of blind frenzy, I bid more than 120 euros for a particularly appealing specimen. Fortunately, I was outbid. Whew.
Here are some close-up photos of these beautiful flowers:
Watch them,
Whatever. All I know now is that this season was just another wasted 36 hours of my life that I won’t get back, (is it just me or did it feel like it dragged on forever?). Thank God for DVR so I could fast forward through the commercials and Mondo himself. Why did I even come back to watch this crap? Michael C. was one of the top 3? Jerrell was an “all star?” Shapeless sacks culled together from mismatched colors and prints are the height of pret-a-porter fashion? I guess everyone’s taste was in their mouth for this go-round. Granted Austin Scarlet is always entertaining and original, but why did he have to waste his time on this dreck of a show? Kenley still hasn’t figured out how to talk without chewing her face but at least she’s a designer I can see appealing to a realistic customer base (when she isn’t throwing cats at her boyfriend). They should have just kept looking for investors instead of taking time out of their lives for the producers to milk them for publicity and then toss them aside for a snively little weasel with no business sense who can’t create without turning into an evil hobbit who hates on everyone except the energy sucking seamstress that is Michael C. Thanks for nothing assholes! At least I now have more reason to continue to ignore the regular season of PR, especially since that TV Land fanatic with the oompa loompa tan will be returning.
Bleeds darker and deeper
Among writers’ predictions of troubled times for the ongoing revolution, novelist Gamal El-Ghitany told Ahram Online that the Muslim Brotherhood dominated parliament “stands against writers and literature.” He also expressed surprise for the lack of reaction by liberal factions—that was Sunday. Monday, the reaction was growing.
First I dribbled wood glue into the cracks of the two splits. I held the chair at an angle so the glue would run down to the base of the crack. And when I applied the clamps and pressed the wood back together I wiped off the glue that squished out. It’s much easier to wipe off wet glue than it is to sand it down when it’s dry.
This is the tiny bug himself, giving one of those early smiles that I miss so much from my own children:
I still worked but did get to come home a few hours early.
Ever had that peanut butter in the chocolate moment – the revelation of two great tastes that taste great together. Beignets and café au lait are like that. Locals and tourist have enjoyed that perfect food and beverage pairing in New Orleans for 200 years. Pizza and draft beer are like that also – once you start eating and drinking you cannot stop. If you don’t believe me, go to Deano’s, Alesi’s or Pizzaville and order a large pepperoni and a pitcher of draft beer. You will finish both, even if you have to loosen your belt and run around the building a couple of times between the last few slices.
Closer family.
It's a bit of a relief but still leaves us with the question of "why aren't we pregnant yet???"
being able to sleep in today
It’s just a turtle, a submerged log, or a really shallow stretch of water?
Vid A
What took place yesterday should be viewed from several different angles. To fundamental Islam it was a great fillip to their dream of a global caliphate, to the supporters of SIOE it was not the success we had hoped for, and to the Socialists it was a comprehensive victory.
I know it is a little fuzzy but do you see how the ribbon goes between and around each students hand/fingers and connects to the next student's drawing? The ribbon links all the students drawings and then she made a copy of each students drawing for everyone in the class and they assembled them into books with everyone's hands. Pretty cool!.
"What's all this about a magazine editor with an angle of Hari", I asked.
Hershey’s, Mars, Wrigley’s or Russel Stover Easter Singles or Peeps 5 ct $2/1 Coupon: $1.50/2 Seasonal Mars (no longer available) or $1/2 in 1/29 RP (exp 2/14) Final Price: 2 FREE
"Today is one of the most important days in the history of this arena," he said. "You'll have championships here... It's one of the most important days because we're hiring 2000 people that are local residents... ushers and porters and ticket-takers from our own community."
For over a decade we have traveled to work with small scale traditional tea producers and crafts people across Asia. These artisans are true experts and the keepers of their local tea knowledge and heritage. At a time when tea is internationally appreciated like never before, we believe these often silent heroes of the tea world have much to tell us about their culture’s past, present, and future. The site is called Single Estate Tea because we wanted to help spread their knowledge and campaign for all good tea to have proper provenance starting with the maker’s or estate’s name.
Place your shredded chicken in a bowl.
S&P 500: 19.67 g, down 29.1% YTD, and 13.4% below its 2009 low
It was pretty sunny as usual today. Mommy was saying she tried to keep cool but she perspired like crazy the moment she came out from the shower. Indeed it was. We were up by 7am this morning because mom had to go for classes. There was also a funeral downstairs which Miki got very excited about and she didn’t even do her favourite chore of licking my bowl. In fact, she left her breakfast with bits of food in her bowl. She wanted to know what was going on. That was before she got a scolding from mommy.
When someone recently asked me about which children's Christmas books were my favorites, I thought that in addition to just spotlighting a few of our favorites, that it would be fun to compile a list and review of all of our books. During the process of compiling it, though, I discovered two things....
Fun design
But last year (seriously, it was a long time ago),
Y’all are so sweet and I’m very flattered but I’m spoken for.
Also, please be patient with us updating our links, there is a time difference between us ladies as we are all over the US, we will fix them as soon as possible! :D
The only things I didn't have coupons for were the canned fruit, olives and eggs. All were on sale for 99 cents each, so they were a great deal!!
HIS FUR WAS TORN AND SCRATCHY.
The car issue was not so easily remedied. After ruling out that the battery was in good working order, talented Daddy continued his diagnosis. Starter. No big deal. Okay, it was a big deal. In this particular car the starter is located underneath the engine or that is how it has been explained to me.
the sole owner should the payments not be made as promised. Given that now what can the International Bankers acquire as collateral from the governments they lend their money to, obviously they aren’t allowed to share the resources and also the head of the government had one power not shared by the homeowner: the right to “repudiate” the loan. Repudiation is defined as: “The refusal of a national or state government to pay real or alleged pecuniary obligations. So the Banking Establishments had devised a cunning strategy.
(Alas, I will watch it in the hopes of some major redemptions!)
After "Gravity," Sara thanked Los Angeles-- her hometown-- and left the stage. But of course we called her back up for an encore. She sang "Many the Miles" (from "Little Voice") and then officially closed out the show with the hauntingly beautiful intro to her new CD, of the same name-- which she accompanied by playing some kind of accordion-type instrument. Again, amazing!
My little giveaway includes 10 greeting cards, handmade by Yours Truly, plus 10 envelopes (5 blue and 5 lavender). Each card has a ribbon detail on the front and a bit of something to decorate the interior.
Chapter 17 of revelation describes this same spiritual adultery at work in the Church —(The ecclesia) culminating in the apostate Church just as I suspect was slipping into the lives of the folks that this letter (the book of Hebrews) was written to.
Deviled Eggs (of course.)
They get to put up with exactly as much crap from people as they choose. If they don't want to deal with you, you're fired. As a client. As a prospect. As an anything.
As I type this I’ve been awake for 30 hours. Do not expect any earth shattering prose. I will say that I made a discovery about lack of sleep – playing softball with no sleep is a bad idea. No, I didn’t get hit with the ball this time. I just played horribly. I forgot basic rules of the game. It was ugly.
One day my friend's car battery dried up, so she approached a man in the parking lot to ask if he could jump the battery. She had cables in the trunk. He said yes, but when he opened his hood he said he'd just bought the car and wasn't sure he would do it right. So he went over to two house painters eating lunch in a nearby van, and asked them if they could lend a hand, which they did. When they were done, the first man asked if they wanted to be paid, and they said no, and left. He, however, told my friend that he wanted to be paid for helping her, as he'd worked as an agent. She gave him $10.
Craig and Barbara Barrett
Let's hope it lasts!
I am an island
Pyramid Breweries, Inc. Haywire Hefeweizen
We watched a movie, and ate popcorn, and talked, and talked, and talked some more.
Arrests by Kent Police increased by 283 per cent from 1,075 to 4,119, while Surrey Police saw a rise from 1,959 to 2,079 – up six per cent.
Not long now and Granny will be a Great Great Granny, maybe even by this time next week, when Soldier Boy & Dil deliver there first child :-)
You can help many people by forwarding this email. Because we are in a time of major transformation predicted by many different ancient cultures, it is easier than ever to transform negative beliefs and energy patterns.
The MA Tour site lists every book that has been registered by our participating authors. You can browse the listings and check out the compact but generous cover thumbnails and blurbs. Find something you like? Handy links on the right let you buy the book right away or learn more about the author. If the author has a book web site, you can click a link to visit it as well. Finally, if any MA Tour participants have reviewed the book, you can visit their blog to see what they had to say.
listening to the wind
It’s 3am and i’m crying in my bed, wishing that i have more esteem than i do now that i won’t beat myself up like this because in the end i’m only killing myself softly this way.
A definition of what constitutes a “key person” has evaded standardization over the 40-year plus evolution of business disability insurance. It is appropriate that this important coverage not be restricted by a tough, inflexible definition, for key persons come in many shapes and sizes. Most needs for key person indemnity are typically found in smaller-sized businesses or professional firms.
Carpet steam cleaning process is based on a hot water extraction. While cleaning the technician will spray a soap solution or a solution with a rinse agent on the carpet via a tool called a wand and then he will extract the water. While the hot water is extracted, the wand also will vacuum up the water and the dirt.
Kudos here to everyone involved in the Armstrong House Museum for creating an entirely welcoming, fun, and friendly environment. Our tour guide Will was the perfect blend of funny and quirky, real life neighbors whose lives were folded into that of history walked by, and stepping into the house is a complete time warp where you feel you're stepping into gradma's living room and Louis wife Lucille will soon step out with cookies. The house rules were layed out in the friendliest of manners and so, even though I was bummed
The name for my blog came from my daughter's middle name- Ellison. To me Ellison is such a pretty, feminine name, and I thought Ellison Lane sounded like a lovely place so that is what I went with. In my mind I imagine a lovely tree-lined street with charming cottages, stone paths, picket fences and rambling flowers.
½ Tsp. Nutmeg (freshly ground – smells so delicious)
1 tbsp vanilla powder (I used the Coffeebean's)
Hey Cricutjunkies,
1) Plan your itineraries and arrange accommodations well in advance. Hotels, restaurants and rental car places get booked quickly during the peak summer travel season. Ask your travel agent for special deals. Make sure you have an appropriately sized vehicle that will accommodate your travelers, luggage, and souvenirs you may buy.
Other: Stickles Stardust, Crackle accent, Liquid pearls white opal
Let the amber music surround my soul and give my torture relief. Better yet, oh, God, how I wish, how I pray, please, in kindness, if you would, could you make my blood bourbon? Then my whole body would hum harmony, balance and grace. Nothing would I fear. Nothing would I feel. I would be the music and hear nothing but the music and think nothing but the music every day through.
1c. Honey
- Saint Hedwig Air conditioning tune-ups / Saint Hedwig AC tune-ups
-a tomato, even a deeply sad one
Linktastic-shmastics:
When you consider how many men are really just boys who can shave, think about. How terrifying it must be for a woman to marry.
So why was Whitney, someone who was a recovering alcoholic and drug abuser, associating herself with someone who was battling similar demons? I’m sure there are some in her inner circle that will help answer that question in the years to come.
Then I measured how short I wanted the high and started cutting in an s-shape until I met the original hem of the skirt. I did leave an inch or so of extra length because when it was the right length for me, I hemmed it.
My husband and I were determined then to not let naps or diaper bags cramp our style and are determined now to not let sports schedules or job schedules cramp our style. We had to figure out a reasonable way to consistently take a vacation with our family. And we did. Renting a beach house for a week at the Jersey Shore. Might seem like a downturn in vacation plans, but on closer consideration, not so much. We now total 11 (since my daughter got married), and take 7 days together and bask in the sun, ride bikes on the boardwalk, take a short trip to watch the Philies win, and sit around the dinner table for endless periods of time. And laugh and drink and say remember when. And smile a lot. And eat too much. And wish we all had another week. And happily do the same thing again next year. And the next year. Because it is just always fun! This year 4 of my husbands siblings will join us so it will be an even bigger beach party. My kids can't wait! The adults can't wait. This works for us.
Wow! I am living in the Will of God in every moment! I realize now that I do not have to control or force my destiny or my choices into a certain mold because I can never be out of the will, the blessing of God.
1. The Artist – So if anyone’s known me long enough, they’ve probably heard me (or read me) mention how modern talented film-makers should tackle silent films. Well, Michel Hazanavicius listened to me and in doing so totally proved my point. He made a work of art that is setting the film world on fire. Part of me hopes this inspires a wave of copycat silent films (many of which would invariably be inferior, but some of them would probably demonstrate the creativity that silent films brought out in film-makers). By using a technique that hasn’t really been commonly done in eight decades or so, Michel Hazanavicius highlights one of the key rules in art and in indeed life in general: adapt or die. George Valentin’s reluctance to embrace new technology is almost his undoing. He survives only by adjusting to the new style of the medium. It may seem odd to technologically regress in order to make a case for advancement but it makes the whole thing even more poetic. Anyway, I know I’m hardly daring or original as pegging The Artist as the best picture of the year but it got me.
Here’s every Filipino child’s TV schedule in 1979:
For the next 15 minutes, the manager and three staff members helped this lady load about 50 shakes into this cooler. Since I was next to the cash register, I was “fortunate” enough” to have this lady tell me that she was buying the shakes for a retirement party and that she had a two and a half hour drive to get these shakes to their final destination.
Today we continue to talk about our conversation and it affects our lives. There are 3 types of people; those who speak without thinking, those who think as they are speaking and those who realize that their thoughts, words and deeds are seeds being sown to produce a harvest called, “The future.” Because they see the potential harvest in each seed, they choose carefully which seeds they sow can deliberately farm the harvest they desire to eat!
The Handelsgericht Wien referred several questions to the ECJ, noting that Paragraph 38 of the UrhG, as consistently interpreted by case law, provides for the original and direct allocation of exploitation rights to the film producer and that statutory rights to remuneration are deemed waivable and may be subject to agreements departing from Paragraph 38.
"On the thirteenth day of Halloween, my true blood gave to me, thirteen Ghosts a-Haunting, twelve Ghouls a-Grumbling, eleven Skulls a-Screaming, ten Zombies Feasting, nine Werewolves Howling, eight Mummies Crumbling, seven Vampires Preying, six Creatures S'laying, five Ghoulish Things, four Severed Limbs, three Shrunken Heads, two Devil Bats, and a Senior Lon Chaney!"
more and more each year.
When I first started this blog in September of 2008, I promised myself one thing: THIS WOULD NEVER SOLELY BE A PLACE FOR "LOOKING GOOD." Instead, it would be a place to express my artistic and personal lives simultaneously and honestly. I've never regretted this choice.
Who fell in love with a child to whom she did not give birth, and knows that it doesn’t make any difference at all, even a tiny bit.
4/01/2012 Atlantic City, NJ – Le Grand Fromage hosted by Edo G
6th September, Brentford Festival (TBC)
This movie is, much as the previous movie, crap. But, it’s actually slightly better crap. Leprechaun: in the Hood is fresh crap from a dog that ate something that didn’t agree with it and Back 2 tha Hood is a nice, healthy, fiber-filled crap that’s been out in the sun. It’s still gross, but it doesn’t stink anymore. Unless you pour water on it, then it stinks again. Wait, am I reviewing dog shit or Leprechaun: Back 2 tha Hood? SAME THING! Anyways, the story is still completely lackluster in this movie and is fairly typical horror movie fare. This bitch Emily is flat out told by someone she believes to have clairvoyant abilities that what is going to happen to her is going to happen and she chooses to ignore it. But then, later in the movie, she randomly becomes the expert on leprechauns when she instantly figures out exactly why the Leprechaun is after them. It certainly wasn’t from the Leprechaun that she got this information because he didn’t say a word to her on their first meeting, let alone mentioning the gold. She’s also set up as this nice girl that lives in the hood, but she wastes her money as frivolously as her drug-dealing ex-boyfriend. Emily and Lisa have this conversation about how sad it is that Father Jacob died and they never finished the youth center he was working on, but when they come into a rather large sum of money no one ever thinks to do anything for the community with it. Unless you consider buying garbage bags full of weed and throwing a party to be something for the community. That’s the problem with the hood, y’all. It’s every ninja for themselves. I guess you could consider the fact that Emily had no reason to share the money she found with anybody, but randomly decided to share it with her three friends, but I just consider that dumb. The solution to the movie was something I actually found fairly clever, but it didn’t pan out in the movie itself. They find out that the Leprechaun’s weakness is clovers so Rory smashes up a four-leaf clover and puts it into the hollow tips of his bullets, sealing them in with wax. Of course, they fuck that up by having him shoot the Leprechaun almost to death, but then stopping to do something else. The first time is out of his control because the gun jams, but the next time he stops to save Emily instead of finishing the Leprechaun off, letting him regain his strength. Which leads to the biggest problem I had with the movie: they find out and prove time and time again that the Leprechaun cannot be damaged by conventional means, but everyone in the goddamn movie still tries to get into fist fights with him. I understand with the group of the rival gang who did not have that information, but Emily and Rory had seen the Leprechaun get punched, kicked, stabbed, run over, thrown into a furnace, shot, and so many other things, but that would not stop these asshole from running up and punching him until they got their asses kicked again. I mean, it’s definitely on my bucket list to beat the shit out of a midget, but if he’s kicking my ass I’m out of there. That would be crippling to my self-esteem.
The resulting costly legal battles to decide liability should ensure that legal practitioners on both sides will ride any recession whilst the public will no doubt be double-dipped in having to pay both higher taxes and raised insurance premiums whatever the outcome of lengthy litigation.
Grandma: Ohhhhhh, yes.
(12/5/09), "there is wide agreement that last week's presidential
First, they wanted to see if altering the ratio of omega-3 to omega-6 fatty acids would result in a lower release of IGF-1.
Interlaken, brah. I kept making up pretend German words while we watched. Slutensuite and hottubbenshag.
cool for 5 mins then add peanut butter – stir until smooth
Hopefully you will not give a statement for a couple days. Remember if you are put in jail that doesn't mean you are charged. Most places can hold you 48 or 72 hours on a felony before charging you or letting you go. Breath deep and get an attorney.
I haven’t done jack. Not that he’d want me to, of course, but I haven’t gotten much work done either.
I always need to have something in my mouth: words, laughter, food, cigarettes, fingers, mints, drinks, tongues and even cocks. But the thing I love most to do with my mouth is laugh and kiss. I love to kiss, and I could laugh and kiss all day and all night…
The night started is cluster-fuckish fashion as I attempted to get to the Echo and the Bunnymen show. Every young hipster dufus within a 50 mile radius must have shown up to see Spoon. Fresh off of their cleaning up at the Austin music awards, they packed in the Shore. What a mess. Most of the time was spent trying to get IM challenged Hodad to figure out my IM-ese to find us. I'm not sure what the big deal is about Spoon, but I respect the fact that they're a hard working Austin band who has finally hit it big. Solid show.
Thursday: Finished De-Grassing West side of Fruit Garden, Sowed flats of zinnias-Benary's Giant, Parks Picks, Fruit Smoothis, Cactus Mix, and Giant Dahlia Flowered
A: We teach lip-syncing. The early performers were amazing ad-libbers and improvisers. Muppeteers currently go through a training in Los Angeles.
For photo plus written documentation sharing the best service of the moment for appears to be Google+, because unlike Facebook no one has to see the ongoing noisy stream of all their Facebook friends just to share some photos. And the concept of Circles within Google+ makes the management of different vendors much easier. Google+ also works in the sending of photos and other documentation even to those who are not using the free service, unlike Facebook that only offers privacy *if* everyone is on Facebook, so Facebook and listen in and monetize. Google+ is also platform agnostic: It works well with all web capable computer and smart phone platforms unlike Apple’s iCloud service offerings which is an Apple platform specific service. The Google+ service is free, but they are tracking everything you do on their platform if you have an account like other social networking services.
Worth: $125-$200 (one recently sold for $197 in an online auction)
Norway is typical of the Scandinavian mindset of promoting freedom of speech, liberty, equality and openness. By giving Breivik the right to speak at length about his motivations, we then have the opportunity to rebut, reject and debunk his ideology.
The spirit of Dizzy Gillespie was much in evidence Wednesday night when trumpeter Arturo Sandoval brought a distinctly L.A.-flavored big band to The Federal in NoHo. It wasn’t just the fact that Sandoval’s new CD, Dear Diz, is a love letter to his late mentor. It was the combination of virtuosity, humor and generosity of spirit that made Gillespie beloved among musicians and audiences.
Thanks for album: Ukolova
beauty products will help enhance a woman’s appearance,
These can be used to supplement other mounts if the holiday itself is on. The token based mounts are not hard to get and are very efficient forms of mount collection. The Violet Proto-Drake takes a whole year, but does give you Master riding for free. And a LOT of achievement points.
New York City is home to the Yankees, The New York Times, Vogue, Broadway, the Rockettes, Carnegie Hall, the fashion industry, Madison Avenue and some of the most amazing restaurants and artists and musicians in the world. It’s a city for the best and for dreamers and for anyone who believes that somewhere out there is the reality of greatness and success.
The hunt goes on... xv
Jamie wasn't quite sure of the decorations and costumes and he often had a puzzled look on his face but there were also lots of smiles and the chance to spend time with his cousins, surrounded by balloons and birthday cake and lollies. He is such a happy boy. I'm not sure how many birthdays I'll be around for. I hope to see him turn 21 and even 30, but if I don't, he can look back, maybe to this blog, and see how much he was loved by all of us and how his family came together to celebrate his first birthday.
need to take up arms against the
We'll be back there soon.
Ad Age: Some are saying in fact, Bioware and EA meant for the ending to be incomplete. So that they could sell DLC. Do you think that’s true?
the way to it?)
and she would hold onto her compassion–
This post is getting a bit long, and hasn't really covered everything I want to cover. The TL;DR of it is: there probably was a time for Twitter plugging, but it's over. The industry has moved on already.
Rod Serling explained this the best.
Come now with me on a journey through time, back to the simpler world of May 2007. The President was George W. Bush, Facebook and Twitter existed but weren't in wide use, and it seemed like the Boston Red Sox might have a promising team, though probably not a Series winning team since they are, after all, the Boston Red Sox.
Prepare brownie batter according to package directions for 9 x 13 pan, adding 1/4 cup hot fudge ice cream topping, unheated and straight from the jar to the batter. Cool completely.
Barthes operates with six connotation procedures. To get a feel of what connotations are all about we will deal with all six. They are 1) Trick Effects; 2) Pose; 3) Objects; 4) Photogenia; 5) Aestheticism; and 6) Syntax.
Dark Soya Sauce, ½ teaspoon
Like any good comic, you can feel Montlack's impatience, his restlessness to move onto the next gag. What makes the collection impressive is his panic to keep us laughing is wholly unnecessary, yet makes him and us fully energized.
The gift of romance
Art or Idiocy?
The danger of losing our history is the risk of repeating it. The amount of gnostic heresy, Platonism, and even Arianism that flows around Christian circles today is bewildering. I’ve been told that to be a good Pastor you don’t need to go to school, you don’t need education. As much as that may be true, that to love, counsel, and learn you may not need an education, but it only takes one generation to lose orthodoxy. Studying Church History won’t always make you a better Pastor, but it will keep you from being misled and misleading others. I didn’t become Catholic, like numerous friends of mine did, but I do know who I am in the Church and where we’re going. If we’re ever going to work together, it may take appreciating our common heritage and family members.
“I have questions,” My hesitation is rife through my own mumble, I can hear it and it vexes me, much the same as the slight lilt to my words damns me, a moan almost, a signal of my forfeit in this fight.
Plus, my brain must’ve been suffering from lack of sleep when I was shifting my attention between my surplus goods when the idea hit me…
Then there are the men’s jumps – high jump, long jump, & triple jump – where all three fields are deep and fairly evenly distributed with talent. They could be among the closest and most exciting competitions of the meet. Australian Mitchell Watt will be looking to claim his countries first gold – a la Kirani James and Amantle Montsho earlier this week. And Americans Jesse Williams (high jump) and Christian Taylor (triple jump) will be aiming to add to the U.S. medal count.
For its first two acts, Vincenzo Natali's Splice (2009) works intriguingly as a domestic drama with chilling sci-fi elements, focusing as it does on Elsa and Clive, a scientist couple (Sarah Polley and Adrien Brody) who secretly decide to go forward with an experiment to blend human and animal DNA to create a new organism. Or is it merely scientific curiosity that drives Elsa? The script, by Natali, Antoinette Terry Bryant and Doug Taylor, drops tantalizing hints that Elsa has come from a troubled childhood, and that her memories of that childhood may be driving an unspoken desire to give birth to a child of her own, however bastardized. Potent questions of bioethics also haunt a good deal of Splice: how far this couple should go in its experimentation, or whether they already went too far in even conceiving of such an experiment. So far, so ambitious and intelligent.
In the past few months after inviting a dear and talented friend, Scissor Girl, with me to create some fabulous 'Freescapes' or playscapes that will be featured in a book due out hopefully next year. This one is our current winter offering and is far from finished, but I am quite pleased with how it's coming along. We started with an adapted Spring scape, but will return to that one soon for updating and developing in the season, and others will be created to encapsulate Summer and Autumn. Hopefully these scapes will inspire and lead the reader/artist into a world reflective of their inner self and qualities.
Guess what you can’t do with a reverse macro lens? You really can’t use a tripod, because (at least for me) you have to hold the lens against the camera, and the focus is controlled by your distance from the object. This is nearly impossible to control when the lens isn’t attached to the camera. I’ve only attempted reverse macros with a good amount of sun or a flash, and the ability to use my body to get closer to the object. That wasn’t going to work today.
Longtime convict Shaid Rashool, who was identified as gang leader when he was sentenced to 12 years at the end of the ’90s, denies the existence of the gangs. From his prison cell he has in many media interviews depicted the gangs as just groups of friends recast as criminal networks by the police so that the police can get more resources.
When to draw
Mind you, there's an obvious paradox here. As so many have already remarked, why offer Ring time on your own news programme if you don't think he should be given more free publicity? It's a fair point, and I suppose it might even be held to justify Campbell's abject on-air apology to Ring the day after their argument / interview.
And she wonders what your middle name is. Wants me to tell you that her back feels dirty again. She said you would know what that meant. And something about your hair, but I forget.
And worse, Munger and Buffett have sheltered their assets from inheritance and other taxes by funding family foundations, and then proposed raising taxes on the rest of us.
"Hey, meet me here."
Today is Sunshine Sunday, the day designated by the Florida Society of News Editors to raise public awareness of the importance of open government in the state.
Overseas, always. I've gotten to the point where no matter where I'm living, there'll be people I miss somewhere else.
What about your wedding do you consider to be:
I'm playing a gig next Saturday. Now this is a big thing for me, I don't play many gigs, probably because I don't promote myself enough but also I'm not sure my material is mainstream bookable stuff... my wife was commenting on an ad we recently saw for a band looking for work - her comment was "Why would people see them they are just a covers band?" is an interesting one. Put simply, if you play original music few are really interested in listening, let alone paying to hear it... if you bang out Mustang Sally etc. regularly you can probably earn a half decent second income from it. Anyways - I'm playing a festival... headlined by a Pink Floyd tribute band (see previous comment!).
I guess it all started on Friday. Reagan's school had a Valentine craft evening. It was fun to sit with him and his friends and do lovey-dovey crafts. Saturday I attended my friend Sarah's annual Valentine cookie decorating party. I was pretty lazy and bought pre-made sugar cookies from Walmart. (Who knew you could buy them that way?) It was fun to be "creative" for a minute. But more fun to catch up with friends.
"The old man prefers the company of the young, does he not?"
“Oh,” replies the husband, “she’s my mistress.”
"Here, there is no evidence of applicant achieving sales to consumers in any of user's four excepted territories. Moreover, consumers are becoming more computer and Internet-savvy and they are likely to understand how business is done on the Internet. Thus, the fact that a business has a website does not necessarily mean to consumers that the business is a nationwide business."
“Too late,” Goering replied, according to Foster.
urquhart@ioa.com
Starring Keith R.A. DeCandido as Todd Rage, Scott C. Wentworth as Keith, Dustin Shanafelter as David and Pimples, Lance Shoenberg as Krantz, D.T. Kelly as Jebediah, Michael L. Stokes as Jack and Captain Grant, Glen Bartram as Harris, Rebecca Rinas as Ronni, Ryan Smith as Hicks, Ayoub Khote as McInnes, Lee Sands as Dogberry, Dayton Ward and Scott Wentworth as the Robbers, Shane Harris as Auggie, Roy Winger as HEFTY, Cheryl Malcom as Shelly, Stacy Dooks as Gray, and Mark Zaricor as Reverend Dawkins.
Weather in the 70s + best friend in town + hubs and I both off + brand new highlighted hair + eating until we can't breathe = a pretty perfect weekend, if I do say so myself.
–Traffic congestion in major cities would be dramatically improved, as long-dreamed-of rocket cars that sail through highways in the sky become a reality
Thanks for visiting today and be sure to come back tomorrow for a very fun giveaway!!!!!
So I’d wait until everyone had gone to bed and then set up the ‘scope in the courtyard. It was fantastic. Sometimes, if your Mum was still awake, I’d persuade to come outside too, but she never stayed out for long. I loved every minute.
My credit score is over 780, which is in the top 5th of all credit scores. Our combined household credit card debt is about $2,000, with a max credit limit of around $25,000. Unlike most, we are not upside down on our mortgage and have about half of the mortgage paid off since we put a huge amount down on our house.
4) 'No, I DON'T WANT to have a glass of wine because I CAN'T DRINK EVEN ONE GLASS without a headache. Do you remember when I said that before? Um... oh yes, YESTERDAY.'
You get hospital bills about 3-4 months after you buried your child. You have to pay for the baby you delivered but didn’t bring home.
And shut the doors on a one-time great little publisher that is now the biggest cautionary tale of all. A cautionary tale, indeed.
So... please comment.
7. Gives amazing back massages
ANYTHING YOUR LUSTING AFTER FOR YOUR CLOSET?!?!
I never grew up to become a painter. I don't want to be one anymore either. Not the kind that brings out the beauty of the walls at least.
By freshman year, I got accused of lying about my first kiss, and stuffing my bra. The boy I wanted most in the world ended up on a date with R, just because she felt like it. I got ketchup flung at me. I got my favorite pair of sweatpants stolen. I was partner-less in gym. I was talked about. I was ousted.
Sometimes I wish I could behave like men who seem to be able to enjoy having people give them support for their work. Men seem to just believe that they are entitled to have the best. They never sit back and say “I am happy to have this opportunity” or “thank you for giving me something” instead they behave as if they SHOULD have it if they are working for it .
It may be that I'm talking through my hat!
Other things that I've read might be happening to me are not happening. Things like itchy skin due to the stretching of my body...not happening, thank goodness! That sounds miserable. And I know misery...I have allergies! Oh, and an influx of stretchmarks. I haven't seen any stretchmarks yet on my torso but I have a while to go so who knows. If I get them, I'll embrace them with love.
That, like a moorish Shylock, exacts its spoonful of flesh.
There is a lot of beauty in the world and we could see it if we took the time.
Her goal was to make sure that there were enough events and enough variety to ensure that every child on the beach would go home with at least one ribbon. Of course she made the ribbons. There really wasn’t any place close by to buy trophies or medals and it didn’t really matter because she didn’t have a budget for her Olympic extravaganza. She cut out what seemed like hundreds of white felt polka dots and labeled each with a big 1, 2 or 3. She then attached blue, red and white ribbons and safety pins onto the dots. She stayed up half the night working on this labor of love.
#298 - Jose Vizcaino. Sweet! A Dodger card that I needed. Vizcaino is the answer to a trivia question that comes up periodically:
Disclosure: I have partnered up with Partners in Preservation as a blog ambassador to help spread the word and raise awareness of select historical sites throughout the tri-state area. Though I am compensated for my time, I have not been instructed to express any particular point of view. All opinions expressed here are strictly my own. And since writing about New York landmarks is kinda my thing anyway, I'm thrilled to share my love of these places!
Zac Efron grew up good.
The crowd turned as one to look at the woman.
Granulated sugar: 10 gms (2 tsp)
One Tag A Month Participate Will Be Chosen @ Random on the14th of each month To Receive a 6 x 6 Paper Pad.
The divorce process is often a highly emotional time and social media outlets readily provide evidence that can harm one or both parties, both during and after a divorce settlement.
Justice Department political appointees overruled career lawyers and ended a civil complaint accusing three members of the New Black Panther Party for Self-Defense of wielding a nightstick and intimidating voters at a Philadelphia polling place last Election Day, according to documents and interviews.
and her fiancée Dodi Al Fayed, the incident has not
Virtually Unprepared: K-­12 Online Learning Teacher Preparation in Canada
I can't believe that I have shared so much of my life with all of you!
Heavenly Father, let me always remember that it is not You who bring the struggles
Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Spray a roasting pan with non-stick spray or olive oil.
Whatever they mean, this howling is somewhat comforting, like great trumpets announcing the end of one thing and the beginning of another. It’s terrifying for sure, apocalyptic, yet how can one not be awed by it, accept its inevitability. This is big, very big, beyond us, and even the dogs know it.
Before I got the message, it was just about getting to play with my inventions. Keeping an ear on the news, so as to time a propulsion experiment to coincide with an atmospheric anomaly so as not to get noticed. Getting supplies one screw, one bolt, one dang thing after another, at a time. Painfully slow way to work. Sometimes it took a year to build less than half a working engine. It all got a bit tiring. But boy howdy, CA didn’t look too kindly on it when we were good at something that they hadn’t engineered us to do. So, excuse me, but this shiny me, this me who either wasn’t or didn’t need to be nervous about CA, well, he had me a little ticked off.
For those aware of what has been happening in Britain (and all over the West), this media silence should come as no surprise, understanding as they do that the racial and cultural dispossession of the indigenous peoples is the greatest weapon the hard left possesses in its unfinished war against the traditional Western Nation State.
Saturated Fat 4.0 g
And there in a nutshell is my shame. There is so much embarrassment that I have over the fact that I’m still grieving over this relationship that hardly began.
And yet, if you are fourteen years old, you will love it, unequivocally. I watched Batman & Robin in 1997, at the cinema, with an Uncle and my little brother. Fourteen-year-old me, in all of his childhood thought that this was the greatest Batman movie ever made. I had a green Bane action figure and everything. As the only person to witness my saying "wow! That was a great movie!" in relation to Batman & Robin, I now can't look that uncle in the eye. Thanks a lot, Batman & Robin.
In raw numbers since 2008, attendance at Salvation Army daycare programs increased by more than 40,000 children. Overall, the charity has seen an increase in need across all of its programs. In 2010, it provided assistance to 30.2 million people in the U.S., compared with 28.9 million in 2007.
(Yes, you read that correctly. I found a radish, about the size of an apple, that had a black skin. Following one my mantras—nothing ventured, nothing gained—I peeled it and threw it in. The nice thing about radish-y vegetables is that they sweeten when they’re roasted, which this one did.)
never impatient recriminations in careless
C-KC Kiki Cuyler-$4000
This post has been sitting in my drafts waiting to be published. I think it’s time to let it go. Plus, it’s perfect for a rainy day like today.
"You know what I'd like for my birthday this year?"
I went, "Um, Panama is in Central America." They brought me out into the hallway, where they had a map of the Americas on the computer screen, because they were looking to find out what kind of malaria was in different parts of the world or something. I showed them where Panama was, and then stood there while they went to the CDC's website to look for treatments. They were scrolling through it, talking to each other and going "no, that's preventative, we need a treatment!" Then they realized I was still standing there and looked at me and said, "We really do know what we're doing!"
ABOUT VAMPIRE'S TRILL:
neighboring Brux, toppling its regime, and seizing its lands. Imagine
And the green shoots follow me
However, this may not be the end of the story for Bayer. It is likely to appeal the order and will no doubt adopt creative legal strategies to block the Controller's order from being implemented, as it has done in the past.
Today I start my freeby week.
We did it. After researching products and prices, watching for the sale of a lifetime, we jumped in the laptop pool yesterday. A sneak peak at Staples weekly ad on Saturday night turned up exactly what I'd been looking for. Sunday afternoon my husband went, only to watch the last one in the store walk out the door. Fortunately the manager was kind enough to order one from another store, it was delivered last night and this morning I went to pick it up.
Happy Monday everyone! The weekend went by SOOOO fast, agreed? It's never long enough! I had a very busy, but fun weekend. I feel like my next two months of weekends are already booked solid with parties, school functions, family gatherings, traveling, graduation and doing last minute things we still want to fit in before we move. I have a feeling the next 60 days are going to be a whirl wind, but I plan on enjoying every bit of it!
And where are we at the film's end? We've left a debris trail of a few dozen vehicles cluttering the highway. Our precious tanker? A big piece of junk filled with dust, just as it was in the beginning.:
Here is a peak into their master bedroom. When I saw her duvet cover, I texted her immediately to find out where she got it! Turns out it is the same Barbara Barry Poetical fabric I have been drooling over lately. You can find it here from Bed, Bath & Beyond! The queen is currently out of stock, but they should get more in soon...I am thinking that this would go great in our guest room!
Hi guys! Last week I posted about how I was going to do a clean eating challenge for the week. I was really excited about it, but I didn't eat nearly as "clean" as I had hoped. Mostly because I didn't PLAN for my weeks food. duh! I also went out of town for my nieces 8th birthday. So eating healthy is the last thing on the list of things to do when our family gets together. ;)
Today I just wanted to post on how extremely grateful I felt as I left the dentist office. I hadn’t gone to the dentist in a couple of years due to the fact that I didn’t have insurance. So I will have to say THANK YOU for my insurance now allowing me to get checkups done without paying out of pocket. But I was so worried about going to the dentist, since I hadn’t gone in so long I thought I’d have at least a couple of cavities and even worse I thought I would have to get all of my wisdom teeth removed ASAP.
Jesus came to give sight to the blind, and there are a number of stories in the Gospels of Him doing just that. But He came to give so much more. He gives the gift of faith with which even the blind can see.
This morning, I thought I’d share a little project that had a very quick turnaround! I picked up this little kidney bean shaped antique side table at a yard sale I happened upon on Friday morning.
PLEASE YOU SHOULD RECOMFIRM YOUR ADDRESS,TELEPHONE NUMBER TO ENABLE ME CONTACT YOU AS SOON AS I ARRIVE IN THE UNITED STATES TO AVOID ANY MISTAKE.
Daiei had been producing several Judo films, and they were interested in the handsome Hongo, who was also actually adept at the martial art. Hongo said, “Then, I met with Mr. Matsuyama, the director, and actor Raizo Ichikawa. I didn’t know Ichikawa’s name, let alone his face, as at the time, I recall thinking Japanese films were really boring. I still remember having no interest in becoming an actor, but everyone I knew kept telling me to do it. I thought, ‘Well, at least it’s a Judo movie’, and that is how it all started, and I made my film debut in THE SUN RISES OVER THE KODOKAN (1959).”
Can We Save the Tiger, written by Martin Jenkins and illustrated by Vicky White - No surprises here. Did you honestly think I'd make a favorite book list and leave out science? I loved a lot of nonfiction picture books this year, but I was especially impressed with Jenkins take on endangered species. The language is compelling, yet easy enough for children' to understand. Jenkins does a fine job emphasizing the importance of conservation efforts and recognizing this complicated work. Good science and fabulous illustrations make for a terrific read.
With Dwight Howard ruled out for the entire playoffs, this team has to turn to Ryan Andeson, Glen Davis, Jameer Nelson, and JJ Redick as their primary scorers. There is absolutely no way this team, without Howard can knock off any team here in a 7-game series. And to be quite honest, I don’t think they would be much higher on the list even if Howard were playing.
Time will not stand still for us
Such wonderful inspiration, featuring the Snowman's Prayer stamp set.
ALSO... if you were not able to participate,but are planning on or have made a journal...please feel free to continue to add your links to our original post... we would love to see your pretties.
10. The Halloween Song - Bing Crosby, Boris Karloff & Victor Moore
My hand painted fabrics are created using shibori-like techniques: scrunching, fan folding, twisting, etc. I hope the shibori purists won't mind me using the term "shibori-like." Maybe I should come up with a term for my process so as not to offend . . . I don't know. But for now, I'll respectfully refer to my painted fabric process as using a "shibori-like" technique.
I don't even notice the hair because that black fleece always looks crazy linty.
to be ever yearned,
SUNGLASSES: Marc Jacobs.
I hope you get to try this sometime, Aunt Nancy. I want to see how it works out if you do!
Sunday, Nov. 9th
To handle yourself, use your head;
Fall Decorations
Don’t be so scared to talk to people. I know you keep thinking that it ain’t your business what others are doing, but make it so. Go out, have fun, make memories that you can look back fondly at.
And I really don’t like this character.
I can understand why Israelis who have had to endure terrorist attacks from their Arab neighbours for decades and who have lost significant numbers of their compatriots in this terror were eager to point out that the Norwegian Left have gone a very long way in condoning the behaviour of militant Palestinian terrorist organizations. In an interview with the Israeli newspaper Maariv, on July 25, 2011, the Norwegian ambassador to Israel, Svein Sevje attempted to draw distinctions between the terrorist attack in Norway and the numerous terrorist attacks that have plagued Israel. In the interview Mr Sevje says that it is easier to understand that militant Palestinians resort to terror because of Israel’s ‘occupation’ of Palestinian land. Mr Sevje also claimed that peace can only be achieved if the Israelis engage in direct talks with the terrorist organization Hamas:
In other news, I’ve decided to give 99 Cent Store produce a try. The decision was based on two things: 1) Your comments on yesterday’s post, and 2) The fact that to get to my spin class this morning, I drove past three different 99 Cent Stores. I took it as a sign. Let’s take a tour of the 99 Cent Stores in my area, shall we?
I used all papers, stamps and fiber from Club Scrap's recent "Welcome" kit and used flower and button from my stash.
If there can be "Wordless Wednesday" in blog world, I figure there can be "Tasty Tuesday", right?
Anyway, I woke up this morning surprisingly well rested and then realized I didn’t have any breakfast foods in the pantry. In fact, I don’t have a whole lotta any foods right now. I’d need to make something if I wanted to eat.
Happy birthday Israel! 64 years young and still kickin. It is almost 2am so this is going to be a short, poorly written post. Highlights of Independence day in Israel: BBQ all day long, adults dancing like they were school children again (and yes, they were at times dancing in a circle, all holding hands, interspersing with everyone rushing into the center and then back out again), great concert at the regional council, Lotan kibbutznics starting and owning the dancing at said concert, random people still BBQing at 11pm.
In any case, the romance of his dreams was not to be, for Mary's family were Catholic, and she was pledged to a Catholic peer, the second Earl of Southampton. Mary was only thirteen while Southampton was an aged twenty-one! The boy was outraged, miserable. It wasn't fair. Yet he knew, of course, that as long as his life was controlled by the Lord Treasurer, a leader of the Protestant faction at Court and in Parliament, he would never be allowed to marry a Catholic, which left out at least eighty percent of the girls in his traditional social circle. He hated Southampton and wanted to kill him. He hated his guardian for his attitude towards Catholics. His terrible lifelong loneliness and the normal physical desires of a teenage boy combined with hatred for those who stood between himself and the beautiful Mary.
Yesterday was all around sucky. My practice driving was stressful and started my day off poorly. Only one of my school books was available to rent, and one I had to buy new, so that cost more than I was hoping it would. I got a lot of paper cuts while reorganizing the file room at work. I got home and the cat felt like it was his duty to harass me, and then claw me. Then I sliced my finger while chopping onion. My Arrabiata sauce wouldn't stop splattering the stove top. Overall it was real Monday-Monday. So I didn't get around to doing the weekend roundup yesterday.
Thanks for inviting me to guest here at Terry’s Place! I’m delighted to stop by, especially as today is Beltane, or May Day, which I’ve decided is a rather auspicious release date for my first paranormal cozy mystery.
Come along and see how we transformed the church fellowship hall into an elegant party venue....
Tuesday was my only day at home to get stuff done and amazingly the only night of the week when neither child had any activities; a rarity this time of year. However, it was also my anniversary so Brian and I and the kids went to check out this beer place located inside of a Whole Foods. I know, I know, we really live it up. This place has 6 micro brews on tap and several wines (and no, we didn't try them all) as well as a bit of food. It was okay, nothing to write home about. We decided that it would be a good place to get a beer before going to a movie at the nearby cinema. The cinema is located by a mall and surrounded by chains of Pizzeria Uno's and the like. And, I don't have to tell you what kind of beer they serve.
With that mentally, we went into the bulk of the lesson.
In other words: agriculture not just created the possibility to think of a plant as a weed, it also created conditions for plants to acquire the persistent characteristics of weeds. Crosby goes on to cite from the Proverbs in the Old Testament:
As with every morning, Greenfingers could never get a lay in....hung-over or not!
When I first learned of Jimmy Swaggart taking the Bible verse by verse then underneath each verse writing his understanding of it I was saddened.
Wouldn’t it be great if this Darwinian approach was applied to politicians in the practice of their “profession”?
I also thought I would have a go at customising the phone holder for a small laptop or netbook. Here is the finished result, I think it works quite well, and matches a camera or small phone holder I made a while ago.
375 gram mango pulp (you add more if you want more orange flavour, then you will need to add more gelatin)
After the match, Velvet comes into the ring and slowly raises Angelina’s hand and it’s possible they are BFF’s again. They get attacked by The Motorcycle Woman and Madison from behind and lays them out.
I am not sure if it was during all of this, or as I was driving home, but all of the sudden I was overcome with the amazing grace and love of God. God who for years patiently listened to me kick, scream, whine, grieve, and hurt for what I thought was such a huge lose in my life. God who on Friday gave me my dream and it was more wonderful than anything I had ever come up with for it was fulfilled with a little girl named Taliah- who loves to go sledding and play in the snow! I was overcome with the enormity of it all and have been trying to form words around it since. Not sure I accomplished that, but the one thing I know is that sledding in the snow with a child you are allowed to call your own is not unimportant to God- no the opposite is true, it is very important and one He delights in because He is the only one who could have made it happen!
She is just down for a nap, now.
1 teaspoon thyme
What is the legacy of the war?
I wish you a joyful journey this year!
Waking at four to soundless dark, I stare.
If you like good food its a difficult concept to grasp,but actually,controversial though this may seem, there is a demand for bad food in this country.
We have been working on reestablishing the trust and letting go of lack for over a year now. In some areas we have made huge leaps and in others we are still running into conflict that is rooted in years of lack.
Yes, you too can be the proud owner of a burrito baby. Even though I'm a ninja expert swaddler with a blanket, in the middle of the night when you're tired it's easy to not get the swaddle tight enough. Result: escaping baby and loose blankets. Enter: the SwaddleMe. Get two so one can be clean at all times. We used this at the beginning, then stopped when it seemed like she wanted her hands out. After a few nights of only sleeping 1-2 hour stretches, I tried it again and instantly she was back to 3 hours at a time. Anything that gives more sleep at night is a must-have in my book.
Author, Above Reproach
On July 1 2012, the Australian Government will introduce a Globalist backed carbon tax. The carbon tax will begin at a fixed price of $23 per tonne of carbon dioxide emitted into the atmosphere.
Frankfurt, Germany
It’s way beyond that, and the Pleiadians knew it. All this information originally came from them and passed to you, Yawee. It was for then, not now. The Pleiadians don’t need a pregnant woman in order for them to do what they do today. They have DNA, too, but it’s in a fully developed quantum state – a state that is the potential for the Human race.
Warfare in the Middle Ages by Fiona MacDonald
Since the turning is "spread out" over 2 rounds in Moldvay and the "black book," here are the probabilities of turning all four zombies on the 1st try (1st round) in these versions:
As a hero, Dogu-chan, is a very interesting mix of almost cliche Anime and manga characters, who gets her power from her ever present companion, Dokigoro, who is an ancient Japanese clay idol who has an internal computer that can identify enemy yōkai (ogre or ghost) monsters.
everywhere, growing huge
Pineapple marinated and glazed pork is just as tasty when it's pan grilled on the stove top as it is when it's grilled outside! Same thing with pineapple chicken, meaning I can make it whether it's hot outside or freezing--not that I've ever let the cold stop me from grilling outside. Once when I was visiting some friends for Christmas in Chicago, we had a bbq! That was so fun and the food was amazing in all that winter snow! Nothing like grilled chicken, ribs, and turkey tails for Christmas dinner! Egg salad--just eggs, mayo, salt & pepper--in a crepe is delicious! Grilled cheese with tuna, yum! Ramen noodles with ground beef served over Doritos chips, so scrumptious! Sweet cornbread with white beef gravy is fantastic. Coconut milk syrup over pancakes or hot rolls is divine! No milk or creamer for coffee? No problem. Vanilla ice cream in hot coffee makes for a sweet, delightful, flavorful creation.
I really like to do fun things. Sometimes I want to do something that sounds like fun to me because I can see the potential in it but it sounds completely daft to someone else. I think this was one of those things.
It's nice to know that my travels help me experience the gospel up close in ways that aren't apparent at first, but with the opportunity to actually attend church then I can see the connection. Thank you Nursery!
Checking in with a message station upon their return to Daargun they learned that Elaydrin was on her way to meet them. Upon her arrival they handed over the schema and she rewarded them with a casket of coins as well as several other valuable, and clearly personal objects: an emerald broach, a magically powered music box decked with gold and silver and a pair of elven-wrought platinum rings. Together they caught a ship heading back to Sharn and she began to speak with Magnus about his research into the schema that was already in the Order's possession. By the time they landed back in Sharn Elaydrin managed to negotiate for House Cannith to temporarily take the Order's Schema (the one they found under Sharn) for research on the condition that Magnus be allowed to take part...as well as a hefty fee.
Our return to KL was as pleasant as we had expected. Now we just need to find something to do for the next 10 days!!
According to inaugural Chairman Slick Ironside, it was never meant to be a collection of nonsensical blog posts on a website, and quite understandably as the web wasn’t really invented much in 1992.
I kept dishevelment ensconced in private rooms
ELEGANCE P6265
He underwent several surgeries to remove the excess skin and after that he looks just like any other normal guy.
Les grand magasins in Paris are the department stores. These two stores each have three buildings minimum (men’s, women’s, home), and take up huge blocks on the boulevard Haussmann. They all have 7 floors as well as a basement level, usually where the shoe departments are. Printemps has a much cleaner layout, kind of like the Harvey Nichols vs. Harrods shopping experience in London. Much more white everywhere, fewer decors in the building, to let the clothes decorate the space. Lafayette on the other hand is housed beneath an amazing stain glass dome. The cosmetics section on the main floor is directly under it, so while you’re shopping for lipsticks you can match your colors to the stain glass 7 stories above you. Both also have a variety of smaller cafes as well as a larger cafeteria at the top. These are all day shopping experiences so a nutrition break is required, as is 4pm tea/coffee.
I use Dior’s formula as a night cream before bed, it’s suggested use is for both the AM and PM, but I’ve found that (like many of the richer eye creams) if I use this in the morning, my concealer will pile up on top and it looks like a hot mess! I stick with this eye cream for my night routine before I go to bed.
KERS continues in its current guise for another two years, then for 2014 along with all new engine regulations there will be a new format KERS. Energy recovery will be from different sources, so the overriding term for the hybrid technology on the car will simply be ERS (Energy Recovery Systems). However KERS will still exist, harvesting energy from braking, but will have a greater allowance for energy stored and reapplied. But, there will also be TERS (Thermal Energy Recovery), which a MGU harvesting energy from the turbocharger. Overall ERS will provide a third of the engines power for some 30s of the lap. No longer will the driver press a button for their KERS boost, it will be integrated in their demand for power from the throttle pedal. The electronics will be constantly managing the Powertrains energy, harvesting and applying energy based on whether the driver is on or off the throttle. In 2014 Powertrains and ERS is set to become very complicated.
One minute it is blazing hot sunshine with a horrid dirty wind blowing everything and everyone the wrong way, the next minute it is cold damp and wet again.
Following this pain clinic fiasco, I’m then off to physical therapy, where I’m not quite sure I’m getting much help but it is required as part of Operation: Hand Get Better. Right now, I’m wadding up a paper towel with all fingers except my index finger. Yes, I know this sounds silly and easy but it is actually difficult and quite painful. A few more exercises per day and I’m not sure my wrist would function.
...here are The Platters singing The Great Pretender.
On Wednesday night we managed to nab tickets for the Cripple of Inismaan on its last leg of a mega US and Irish tour, after proudly bagging nine awards. I’m actually going to puke very little here about this traumatic experience except to conjure up if I could: Father Ted, Ronnie Corbett, Carroll’s Irish Gift Shop and Dublin’s Leprechaun Museum, synchronously fed through a sausage machine without any herbs, flavouring or even Gaviscon for a touch of civility. I’m just as haunted now by the canned laughter of the audience as I’m sure the survivors of the Titanic were, bobbing away from the screams at 3am that portentous April morning. Or as a pal said on Facebook in response to my update horror: ‘It plays into the hands of what people want to pretend Ireland is like, and for us on this island we know it’s shite but we still start to pretend to like it because foreigners like it and we still have that self hate inferiority thing going on, it’s terrifically twisted’.
“Part of the LBGT problem is caused by natural reasons, such as being born with two private parts and mental illness.”
The NFL has a class action lawsuit filed against them regarding concussion related issues after they left the game. Two former Detroit Lions Alex Karras and Lomas Brown have joined the suit and Lem Barney says he wish he never played the game.
My husband is brilliant and bright and pure of heart, so it fell to me to tell him that the flies swarming the body were an indicator that for this possum, if it were playing dead, it was giving us an Oscar caliber performance. It was not just playing dead, but it was dead.
1 messenger
We are learning to relax.
HIS REST
Dark red color with a fleating white head. Malt, citrus and spice in the scent. Tast has some light roasted malt, slight cinnamon. Low carbonation and hops, very dinkable and goes down quick. Light bady. The beer tastes sweeter and just better when it's warmer, kinda reminds me of a stout. Another great one from Shiner, though I know we have a lot of hater out there.
Highly pigmented with a unique waterproof formulation, Eau La La are the ultimate in liner luxury. Enriched with a soft, creamy formulation, Eau La La are perfect for use on the eyes, lips, brows and body.
The NFL Combine is a tricky endeavor. Physical, mental, psychological, athletic, and medical tests are all administered at the combine to expose flaws that can’t be seen on film. It can bump up prospects who were not highly regarded previously, and it can bust players down if they don’t do as well on the tests as they had performed during the season.
It’s all about unity, man. It’s all about being able to see the world for what it is around you and not some sort of idealized “other” that is truly unattainable. Don’t be “possessed by the goal” (which, in the introduction of my edition, was one of the reasons this whole text could and had been construed as a sort of “fuck it all” nihilistic story about life not having any meaning so what the fuck is the point of anything… for which I say, and I’m sure you’ll understand why my opinion is this, I whole-heartedly think is abso-fucking-lutely wrong and completely misses the point).
Here's what it looks like closed:
~Graham
Location of Execution:- Belfast
The CTV piece also appears to be a plug for S.U.C.C.E.S.S., a mostly tax dollar funded social service agency that "provides services in settlement, English as a second language training, employment, family and youth counseling, business and economic development, health care, social housing and community and volunteer development."
Envelope Boxes, diecut and prescored from quality 400g white cardstock, just add glue/tape and your good to go. They are designed for 6 x 6 cards with a depth of 3/4".
But the question I have for him is: What is he going to do with Jesus?
Tomme Arthur, Co-Founder and Director of Brewery Operations of The Lost Abbey, brought his own brewed Inferno Ale. The Lost Abbey, located in California, brews up some fantastic Belgian-inspired beers. Inferno poured a hazy yellow color and contained yeast and sweet malts. The flavors were very mild but a bit spicy with a bit of sweetness. A very drinkable and enjoyable beer.
I’m very excited to get started on my new “Green goal.” I know eating healthy and organic food will certainly help me live a “Heart Healthy” life. I would love to hear what you are doing to help make the Earth a little greener and if you are growing or eating organic foods, please share your tips!
“When buying a home, I can figure out where the nearest stop is and what my travel times for different routes are.”
1 velvet
The point here is simple if there is something you want more than anything in the world…go for it! You have to take action to obtain the things that you want most, or else you will never have them. Getting rich is not all about money, is about filling the voids within yourself and becoming fulfilled. My next video coming up on YouTube will give you the steps you need to start taking action!
For the period 21-25 April deposition of I-131 was detected in eight prefectures, ranging from 2.2 to 37 Bq/m2. Deposition of Cs-137 was detected in 11 prefectures, the values reported ranging from 1.3 to 69 Bq/m2.
Those wanting more elaboration can check out my book - follow this link to read the full text of the introduction, which includes the quote that sparked Brian's curiosity. Or leave a comment below, of course.
I could blame the Christians that say only words that cut.
6. In the same pan add red wine, paprika,sugar, stock powder or salt and crushed fresh garlic and a handful of green stuffed italian olives......
Marcolini’s boutique is as elegant and refined as a luxe jewelry store. Study the display cases to choose your bonbons of choice. My recommends: the Pavé de Tours Fondant, an uber thin milk chocolate, filled with sugared almonds, hazelnuts and puff pastry cake, and the Coeur Framboise, dark chocolate ganache with raspberry puree, enrobed in white chocolate.
Lets share dollar store organizing stories. Who else has been pulling off high end looks for less? What's your best dollar store score?
SHOVELING SNOW ACTIVITY
“Yeah….all the time….gotta keep up my image as a biker ya know.”
And I, Cherry Lolita, recycled a page torn out of the phone book, a leftover can of spray paint, dress patterns, a used USPS box, and a soda can tab. This month our sponsor is WILD OLIVE KIDS. At WILD OLIVE KIDS you will find colorful, funky aprons, childrens outfits, beautiful dresses, fun purses and twirly skirts! The winner this month will get this.... A Juicy Oranges Fruit Purse
Chilled milk:1/2 cup
Agi Ryder
Pass the Pillow (this one was a favorite!): Beforehand, fill a pillowcase (with pillow) with goodies. This is similar to hot potato. Pass the pillow as music plays. When the music stops, the child holding the pillow gets to choose a treat. Repeat until each child has had a turn.
This year has been fun. My children have traveled a lot in their first year. They have visited many cities, a beach and Disney. I am grateful for being able share those experiences with my children and to provide those opportunities for them.
Next time...out of time
Answer: What a grand question! The answer is this: Unless you actively seek to know more about this, your life will follow this “habit” until the end.
The first thing I noticed was that there was a pile of used toilet paper on the edge of the bowl inside. I waved at it. Well, I waved at the toilet in general, as it is a motion detection type of toilet and I was trying to get it to flush.
At exclusive boutiques like Target, JC Penney, and Dress Barn.
That brings me to my knees
On Wednesday, the world’s second-biggest burger chain pledged that all of its eggs and pork will come from cage-free chickens and pigs by 2017, hoping to satisfy rising consumer demand for humanely produced fare and increase its sales in the process.
Anonymous to all but me not.
from cap't chaos to make me smile
It is important to know that I am unable to verify these reports with any proof in the form of video-interviews with the black workers who sounded the verbal warnings. Yet there are so many varieties flooding into my inbox since May, that they can’t be ignored either. I have received two tape-recordings where black maids told of these threats – but I need the video evidence.
Earth's jewels and riches, too—
Piggy (John) was hospitalized recently with pneumonia and sadly passed away on Saturday night.
It is, however, absurd to invent the notion of the non-interaction of cycles, pretend that others invented the notion, and then reject the work of others by saying that the non-interaction of cycles is absurd.
Wow! Good message. So what do you enjoy most about this genre?
right Fabricio, it has been a while. Tried to make one but I failed
And we share ‘tother’s tears,
1 district
CONSUME all my time!
Franciscan Friary
6. Flying Dog In-Heat Wheat
We first visited the chateau in 1999 when it was for sale by Sotheby's. In tents on the grounds the contents of the interior were on offer. Those alone reportedly sold for $26.5 million. Yesterday I was told Groussay is back on the market.
9:21 - Discuss with Liberty the idea of getting dressed, decide to let her play in her pajamas for a while longer
She had a double bottom extending the full length of the ship, with a space five to six feet between the inner and outer plates, and was divided into 16 water-tight compartments, with access to each compartment through water-tight doors. The rudder alone weighed 100 tons. She was driven by three enormous screws, the center one weighing 22 tons, the other two 38 tons each, and was capable of making 23 knots. The last word in luxury, she was thought unsinkable.
Pepper- ½ Tbs
If you don’t have an account yet, go to twitter.com and click the yellow “Sign Up” button. Fill out the form on the next page. You can choose whatever user name you want as long as it isn’t too long (over 20 characters) and isn’t taken, but it’s best to choose something close to your real name (or the name you use as a writer), so people will recognize you. Sure, I could use my stripper name @BubblesSunnyleather, but since most people I interact with are book people, I want to use my writer name.
So I'm showing you images from the Marais folder. These were my everyday stomping grounds--which is certainly a special thing to say. My favorite cheese shop was near to the St. Paul metro stop. My favorite tea shop--Mariage Frères--was an easy stroll from my studio. My favorite teeny, tiny Paris parks were quiet and welcoming every hour of the day, and whenever I needed a "pretty fix," I could wander down the rue Vielle du Temple and stop in at Le Jardin Moghul for their quilted, hand-block-printed Rajasthani garments. That's where I got pieces like the quilted jacket covered with big poppies worn a few weeks ago.
I offer myself in sacrifice.
2.a Fountain Pens. Medium Cost Version. This one is fun also. Here's the trick, finding your comfort zone (in terms of dollars) and matching that with a potential pen. Having a secret that only you and AMEX know is fun, but don't let it drive you crazy. Here's another secret, a lot of fountain people like demonstrators. Back in the day, they were used to show people the inner working of pens. Now... they are just plain cool. This Pilot Prera from JetPens rocks. Google them, tons of choices. The Sheaffer 300 is nice at around $100 and I also like Waterman Phileas line. Here's the only kicker: fountain pens come in different size nibs so be aware of this. I like EF (Extra Fine) Fine (F) is usually a safe, but some people like Mediums. I know I am not helping here. Just giving you a heads up. Your stalking skills will come in handy here.
“When we exercise a compassionate view, we let go of anger.”
We get into the car and I ask where we are going to eat. My parents’ two choices made me laugh: McDonald’s or fish and chips. We just came from the doctor’s and they want something that could send them back there.
It feels like forever and honestly it has been...months. There has been so many things going on and so many thoughts and feelings that I probably wont be able to get to them all but I know I need to blog to just get some of these thoughts down and out of my head.
Take care and Love,
even over the longest distance.
And as we sat around the table, we shared stories of Grandpa Friesen. His life, his last moments, his wit, his faith. And as we told these stories and heard new ones, we all understood something more about our heritage, our identity. I looked over at my Uncle during this reminiscing time; tears were forming in the back of us eyes as we laughed and shared. I looked at my Grandma who listened with pride to hear stories from her husband's life. And I wouldn't trade this Thanksgiving for anything.
This Is Pressure by Eskimo Joe
you may want to skip khloe and lamar– specifically the episode where he returns to play at the staple center after being traded to denver. tell me the tears didn’t start rolling when the laker heavy crowd gave him a standing o? perhaps that wasn’t just the dark cloud. that shit was real. i love me some LO.
First up, Some iPad covers - After a false start with my first attempt, I managed to get the sizing right second time around and these actually do fit i-Pads in them! I played around with Velcro and zip fastening options. Feedback from James, whilst generally positive, did suggest double layers of batting next time (he's getting into the groove of this sewing lark!)
After the death of Ruggieri, it is probable that the column became purely decorative or possibly defensive. The column was sold separately from the rest of the palace, thus saving it from destruction, although it is not known why this was the case. It was eventually sold on again to the city of Paris, and has stood firmly in place whilst first the palace was demolished, then two other buildings were built around it (initially the Halle aux Blés, then today’s Bourse de Commerce).
07. Agent 13 - UNDERCOVER SKA
The dad came back. "Thank you for watching him," he said. "No problem," I said. I wondered if he had just taken his little son on a drug run.
But honestly, it's all so very fascinating. Language, the acquisition thereof and how we communicate with each other is at the very heart of our social lives and remains a passion of mine. I think it would be fair to say, then, that I don't have a love affair with one language or culture in particular but with language and culture, period.
(i) The Instruamental Dimension
including his own.
Seriously though, how difficult can it be really to learn how to insert images into your post, because really that was the only html you needed in the old version.
Yes, this is the second post in one day. And I am telling you, it's because of the new supplement I've been taking this week...I have so much energy!! I'm getting so much done, and I feel better than I have in probably years.
- a white square card, just under 5" square
Happy scrubbing.
We can think of this current situation as a kind of intelligence bubble, ready to burst. Here are the brightest minds of my generation, and they’re more concerned with generating ad revenue and user subscriptions than they are with the urgent concerns of now. I recently met a girl who told me that she’d make a great elementary school teacher, but her real dream was to work in advertising. I asked her why and she weakly explained that advertising would provide her with a great creative outlet. It would give her meaningful work. What work, I asked, could be more meaningful than teaching a child? She couldn’t tell me. I wonder if she’ll one day look back on her life with pride, remembering all those clever ads she wrote – ads that moved products off of shelves, but which stirred not a single heart.
Wiped away blood with my hands, because they hate the sight of blood and being hurt is bad enough without having it make you sick.
1 happened
A piece for instigatorzine, the sweetest NJ-based literature/art zine that I'm aware of (unfortunately, I'm not aware of many, but I suspect it's still one of the coolest)!
Me: Hey idiot, happy birthday!
I prepared the trout fillets simply, baking them with a topping of chopped ramps, parsley, and torn bread. The flavor was light, delicate and delicious. Paired with some spring onion pesto pasta and radishes sautéed with fresh mint (bonus recipe below!), it was a great way to taste the flavors of Pennsylvania spring.
The rulers try to build a multi-racial society from mixed motives: some, high-minded ideals, others exploit this to import cheap labour. They invite immigrants and make us share everything with them while the global elites who live here and multi national corporations pay little tax and politicians pay none and claim vast expenses.
away from Legos and wrestling and The Hunger Games
…Still more curious, however, are those instances in which the sleeper, after composing or speculating, gets up in a state of somnambulism, writes the words on paper, goes to bed and to sleep again, and knows nothing about it when he wakes. Such cases, the authenticity of which is beyond dispute, point to an activity of muscles as well as of brain, and to a correctness of movement which is marvellous when we consider that the eyes are generally closed under these circumstances. Doctor W. B. Carpenter mentions the case of a somnambulist who sat down and wrote with the utmost regularity and uniformity. “Not only were the lines well written, and at the proper distances, but the i’s were dotted and the t’s crossed; and in one instance the writer went back half a line to make a correction, crossing off a word, and writing another above it, with as much caution as if he had been guided by vision.” The young collegian, adverted to in a former paragraph, got out of bed in his sleep, lit a candle, sat down to a table, wrote his geometry and algebra, extinguished the light, and went to bed again; the lighting of the candle was a mere effect of habit, for his eyes were shut, and he was really not awake.
﻿ It is just as beautiful as it appears. It's so crisp and clean... Yummy! and I only paid $150 for it. YAY for me =D
ELP ‘Welcome Back My Friends To The Show That Never Ends’ Universal (2009)
So, if your organization has a DB2 data sharing group and you want to achieve both application workload isolation AND super-high availability for users of said application, implement member subsetting via a location alias or a subgroup attach. It's like having your cake and eating it, too.
20 December
Easy you would think, but it reality not easy. I think I now know every single stamp that I own and every single sticker and paper, could I find any fruit - not on your nelly, well apart from this paper which was a freebie in a magazine, and the stamp that I have used lightly refers to fruit and I mean lightly - well it has the word Jam in it. So after looking at all the other gorgeous cards that have been entered, I decided I would have to go the same way as some of the others and make fruit, either that or tear the label off the Jam Jar (it has got strawberries on it).
1/3C soy sauce
Here's our story so far:
I hope you'll sculpt today too!
What Image Do I Want To Portray? Professional writer, funny, approachable. Maybe it’s a woman thing – or maybe it’s just a Teresa thing, but this was the terror-filled part of the process. I have a few more answers to this question, but don’t ask – I’m not showing you. Another great thing about this Mission Statement assignment? No one ever has to see it.
I feel actually I have written this book myself I am reading what I have in fact written except I have not written this my mother has written this.
busy recording the wonder of life as she lives it. There is plenty of time for her to worry over words like ‘form’, which mean something, and concepts like ‘vulgarity’ which don’t ... She is 19-years-old and a portent.”
because they know where you should go?
the “Subway” – underground walkways – I love that they are so colourful and welcoming rather than dreary, stinky and scary
Which leads me to inform one and all that I’m very happy we expended the effort yesterday to accomplish the work we did. Would hate to attempt it today – I don’t think I like cold rain dribbling down my neck when I’m heated from work.
Marlyn C. Garcia, 21, New York, N.Y.
In a society where the best bargain is always the best deal, the integrity of a certain product is greatly challenged. Video games and music CDs are the number one targets of pirates. These people are those who find the taxes and the overall price of the said items to be too expensive. They buy original copies and use a computer to copy the exact contents into a writable CD. The copy is cheaper and a more convenient buy. For example, Starcraft, a leading PC game, costs one thousand five hundred pesos but a copy would only cost one hundred fifty pesos. The price is ten times cheaper and the buyer will not have to worry about any registration or official code unlike in the original CD. The same goes for music CDs that are regularly bought at around five hundred pesos, yet the copy would also cost one hundred fifty pesos. The pirate’s treat would be the Playstation CDs which are regularly bought at two thousand pesos but would cost only fifty pesos when copied. These pirates could create as many copies as they want and people would buy them. However, just because they are affordable and comfortable does not mean they are legal. Software piracy is illegal and that is where advertising comes in. Being a country where pirated CDs are a commodity, the manufacturers and or the distributors of authentic software could easily abandon their industry here and advertisers would not like that. As of now, there are small campaigns against software piracy. Large-scale campaigns are constantly being threatened by the pirates; therefore, companies would prefer campaigns that strike at their audience’s emotions. Microsoft has released such an ad in a magazine about six months ago. One magazine page was split horizontally. The upper frame had a blue foreground with hands resting on a keyboard. The lower frame had a red foreground with hands grasping the bars of a jail cell. At the bottom of the page was located Microsoft’s slogan that goes, “Where do you want to go today?” The ad was simple yet very expressive. Unfortunately, advertisers have not yet declared a full-scale assault on piracy. They may not be able to fully state the difficulties of software piracy to the public yet, but they can do their best in promoting good and honest trade.
The line was moving slowly so neighbors began to speculate what kind of food we were going to receive. Every once in a while Olja and I would chime in with our hopes of receiving potatoes or sugar. Older women shared recipes and memories of traditional Bosnian food, heavy on stews ,vegetables and meat. As the first recipients passed with small bags we all enquired about the rations.
So, when I saw this little jar of jelly for $6.95, I almost didn’t buy it because it seemed rather high to me, but I did buy it. I haven’t opened it yet. I’m afraid it won’t live up to my expectations or memories. The jar itself holds magic for me and $6.95 is a small price to pay for magic.
Carrot, 1 pc, cut into bite size
Many of the Intermediate Applications I received I have had to turn down because they did not show proper feather blending. To me, this means I must not be explaining it well enough. This is a tricky concept, so it's getting an advanced label. What really makes it tricky is the amount of practice you need in order to find good color combos and time it takes to figure out the proper technique.
by Whitney Reed
The Family Foundation will be lobbying that state's general assembly this year to change current no-fault divorce laws for straight married couples with children. These faith-based busybodies want Virginia law to require both parties to agree to divorce before a marriage can be terminated.
I want to take this moment to apologize for no post the previous weeks. I enjoy posting my progress and just as much, enjoy reading wonderful comments from everyone who reads!
Do your research to see if you’re able to find those who own similar vessels which may have logged some major passages an sea miles, learn from them. They could be able to highlight weaknesses and strengths of those models. Ask those who you know around cruising in regards to what boats they see in remote anchorages! If there are specific models that never are around there might be at this moment. Plus it is probably not that they are rare! Gumption, the opportunity to research and build knowledge will help you pick the boat fitting your personality and also needs. The world wide web is surely an amazing supply of information but always seek real advice from experienced cruisers they can let you know what works and what won’t.
So there has been a lot happen these last few weeks.
The brown doily is made from a die that my BFF Sandra lent me....it has VERY intricate details and I cut it with my Big Shot. The Urban Scrapbook sells an assortment of these lovely doily dies, that are manufactured by Cheery Lynn Designs. This particular die is called "English Tea Party" (DL101). The paper I used for the doily was a happy accident....I wanted to do a trial doily with scrap paper and found this ancient piece of ugly brown canvas patterned paper in my stash. After I cut the doily, I thought WOW...this actually is pretty and will add some nice contrast layered with the white doily.
One lucky table for five follower will win a full size bottle of Basa body lotion retail value at $13.95. Use Rafflecopter to enter below!
It included working with a couple who’ve been separated for the last 5 months and each of their 3 children separately – 2 girls; one 13 and the other 4 years old and a boy of 10 and then to coach as each child shared their needs with their father. As well I worked with the wife and her mother; her brother, firstly on his own, and then with her and their mother as well as his wife; and the husband’s cousin and her newly married daughter of 3 weeks who came to support the family for the weekend. My only contact prior to this visit is with the wife who I have been working with for three months via phone sessions. How amazing it is that this woman’s desire and commitment to create happiness and security for her children has rippled out and touched and created healing in so many lives!!!!
We'll take him back next Wednesday to kick off his third round of chemo. We talked to the specialist today before we left, and it sounds like the third, fourth, and fifth rounds are challenging, but for different reasons. They aren't as long and they don't involve as many drugs, but the chemo dosages are higher, which increases the chance for some nasty side effects. He will have to get eye drops every three to four hours around the clock to keep from having eye issues due to the chemo being secreted from his tear ducts. And, as always, we'll have to watch for mouth sores, increased fevers, and severe diaper rash. We can handle this, though, knowing that he is getting better and that the chemo definitely appears to be working. If his tests continue to come back clear, then he will not have to undergo a bone marrow transplant!
I've been pretty conservative in how I use resources my entire life. Be it cash, gas, food, electricity, or water, I'm pretty careful on how I use things that are scarce. This is easy method is nothing new, and my parents have been doing this for several years. Conservation and bargaining are somewhat of a sport in my family. It usually takes a few minutes for water for the shower to get hot. Do you know where that "not-hot-enough-for-a-shower" water is going? Down the drain. You're literally throwing away perfectly good water due to the temperature of the water.
This is my Halloween pumpkin from two years ago. I only did this design because I couldn't figure out how to carve an iPhone.
Last week, a coworker and I were talking about our favorite Jimmy Stewart films. He's partial to It's A Wonderful Life. I told him that if we're talking movies where Jimmy was the star, then my favorite has to be Mr Smith Goes To Washington. But I love him in The Philadelphia Story as a balance to the Hepburn character. He told me he hadn't seen it, so I told him I have a copy I can lend him.
i am behind in film viewing. i feel a big white space. i've been developing blisters in the garden, i've had my nose in a book reading hazy and bone slicing descriptions of the bloody hallucinations and pits of war, i've been lazily staring at the wall semi-paralyzed at all that needs doing. it's time to catch up. i realized late last night that it was my week to post and rather than put another stone on the grand pile i've been collecting of things past due, i thought it better to re-up. i am watching too much of the wire. no, there is no such thing.
He hasn’t bothered me anymore with his nuisance e-mails, but I am ashamed to admit that the question he raised has been pecking away at the back of my brain. You know how it is – you start the day with a pure heart and a clean conscience: then you see something that corrupts your mind. I believe that pornography works on a similar principle. Anyway, I’ve decided to put my thoughts on the issue of bedroom noises in the public domain in the hope it will act as a purgative.
And I will be sharing all of these things here….
Oaks
# 4 - Basket Weave
I recently took a stroll through Belfast City Cemetery. I’ve lived in Belfast for about seven or eight years now and this was the first time I set foot in the place. I was immediately taken by how big it was, and how overgrown the majority of the older graves were. Ivy chokes and cascades over everything, rendering the whole place immensely atmospheric.
Opt 4 ending the violence!
Since having my daughter I have also become passionate about Steiner/ Waldorf education, (you can read about my introduction here.)
Plaid is aware that should Option D be chosen then this would lead to compulsory purchases within the Brynglas area. The proposition is to increase the M4 around Newport to 4 lanes each way between Junction 28 (Tredegar Park) and Junction 24 (The Coldra). Details of the proposals can be found at: http://www.m4cemconsultation.com/. Residents wanting to lodge objections have until Wednesday 6th June 2012 to do so via the website.
we drove, with my host family, for about six hours to get there.
3 large carrots, peeled and sliced or chopped
There's a REASON why those companies have attorneys to protect their intellectual property interests. They spend a lot of time and money developing these things, and it's the same for independent artists, but without all 2,500 middle men between the CEO and the person who rings you up at the checkout.
1 busy
My house margaritas are made using quality tequila, fresh squeezed lime juice, agave nectar and water.
Cookiecrumb recommended that I try the Chinese food at King of the Roll II in San Rafael some time ago. Unfortunately for Dad & I, the lunch menu doesn't include Chinese choices, and we didn't feel like the full dinner option. So we each tried a Japanese lunch special!
I knew before we went to Holland that bicycles are very popular there, but no one could have prepared me for the sheer scope and number of them! 85 percent of the population own at least one bicycle. They use it regularly, most on a daily basis. There are about 16 million bicycles in Holland, slightly more than one for every man, woman and child in the country. It's cradle to grave biking; Whole families with the youngest child in a seat in front of the rider, and another child (or two!) in seats at the back. Business men and women in smart suits. Teenagers. The elderly.
Treasury won its case on four of the five grounds in its application (1) that NAMA is a state company making decisions (2) that developers whose interests will be affected by a NAMA decision have a right to be heard before the decision is made (3) that NAMA had not treated Treasury in a fair manner (4) NAMA had not taken into account relevant considerations when making a decision affecting Treasury. NAMA will be pleased that the judge found that it had not acted in bad faith or for improper purposes. But because Treasury won on the other four points, there will now be a judicial review at Treasury’s behest.
The company said incentivising parts of their business would make bigger changes: “The carbon price and charge-back model is designed to provide an economic incentive for business groups across Microsoft to reduce carbon emissions through efficiency measures and increased use of renewable energy.”
It wasn't too long ago I acquired a Vivienne Westwood bowling bag - my treasure. I even christened it Viv; and when Viv wasn't tucked in her cotton monogrammed covering, her handles were wrenched granny-like in the crook of my arm.
Laughter is the one common thread that holds us together. It is there for us even when life is falling apart at the seems. Laughter ties closer the bonds of friends and family. It is the cement of good memories, and is the medicine that cures whatever ills you.
“You’ve done it, ay? Nudge, nudge, wink, wink, say no more, say no more!! “
The second thing making the game a different beastie is the ruleset, which is The Drune's own Synthetic 75 Science Fantasy Retro Roleplaying, in his words "a mash up of (what I consider) the best from the hottest RPGs of 1975, Dungeons & Dragons (with maybe a dash of Greyhawk and a pinch of Blackmoor…they were both out in 1975) and Prof. M.A.R. Barker's Tekumel: Empire of the Petal Throne."
The Soul Summit party has been a tradition since at least 2002 in 2003 it moved to Fort Greene Park where its been ever since For more details:http://soulsummitmusic.com/
I had to stay in the island for a month during my first visit and, knowing that I was living in the context of a whole country, I was always amazed that almost every destination is just close by. I stayed at a place called Menen Hotel where, being just a few meters away from the Pacific ocean, huge waves pounding the shores at night can be unnerving.
Looking for that great internship or career opportunity?
Wednesday – Arms and Shoulders (60 min) Ab Ripper (15)
Much was made last year of the demise of the News of the World. This was a publication that couldn't spell decency far less demonstrate it and it simply didn't care who it trampled on to provide its 'world wide exclusive' tittle-tattle on some D list 'celebrity'. The phone hacking scandal brought its closure but it was inevitable its owner Rupert Murdoch, the News International supremo, would resurrect it in some other guise. Lo and behold, the Sun on Sunday was launched just a few short weeks ago.
Jessica Marais – Came onto the scene with a glamorous burst of publicity and soon captured a huge following before disappearing without a trace. VB Raw. (Except for that bit about the ‘huge following’.)
Nooooo, that's because it can't fit.
Martha Stewart Round the Edge Punch
Within the Flickr group, feel free to share ideas on projects, quilt layouts, and plans for your Denyse Schmidt charms.
Now, usually, I’m able to let these things go. But three days later, I was still thinking about the cleaning cloth. I began to imagine what a state-of-the-art lens cleaning cloth to accompany my wondrous binoculars would feel like. The texture would be smooth against my skin, almost tingly, it would likely be a soothing color (perhaps bright red? here at Birds and Words, we find peculiar things soothing), and it would help me identify warblers! Yes, after three days of visualizing this magical cloth, I’d decided that there was a direct correlation between possessing a Zeiss premium lens cleaning cloth and my ability to ID migrating songbirds. I needed the cloth.
I was recently speaking with a friend and she commented how Carl's Jr. is obviously a guy's restaurant because they promote big messy burgers and frequently have scantily clad women promoting their food. That got thinking about what gender certain restaurants appeal to. I am not saying people who go to these restaurants are masculine or feminine, but some food chains cater or appeal to a certain gender more than others. Here are some restaurants that came to mind.
Hold onto me tight
Armani Watches – For Stunning Looks, Elegance and Magnificence
As far as how this champagne cocktail tasted, it was delicious. It almost makes you remember why Charles Baker drinks can be exceedingly popular. The lime twist really elevated the drink and brought it together in an unexpected way. Over time the alcohol pulled more of the essence out of that little sliver of peel and that just added to the development of the flavors in a really pleasant way. Not only did I find this Baker recipe acceptable, with the tiny, though necessary adjustments, I am positive that we will actually have it again. We may even serve it to guests.
Of course, the burning of fossil fuels has now put the globe on a path to highly disruptive climate change. But the corporate boardrooms of the very industries most responsible for the burning of those fuels are supposedly filled with "conservative" businessmen and businesswomen. Naturally, they would not succeed at this colossal task of changing the climate without the assent of the consuming public which now enjoys an unparalleled standard of consumption. (I refuse to call it "standard of living" anymore.) And, many in that public consider themselves "conservative." But, ask yourself, What could be more radical than risking the wholesale decimation of the Earth's species including ourselves? We risk all this for a level of consumption that is far beyond our needs--I'm not including people in most poor countries--and which actually creates so-called "diseases of civilization."
Other feeding signs to look out for include amt of spitting up and baby’s behaviour.
(Click image to enlarge)
And by the time we moved back to the east coast, they had closed shop
Speaking after the decision this week, Huntley's legal counsel, Rocco Galati, said he was disappointed that a "selective view" of the matter had been taken.
The amount of coin seigniorage employed is highly significant for several issues, including the following: whether we will have any federal debt in the future as measured by the debt ceiling or the ratings agencies; whether wealthy individuals or foreign nations will continue to receive risk-free "welfare" payments in the form of interest from the federal government...
Iván Meade – I found out about your firm through Twitter, when each of our blogs were nominated by House and Home as some of the best blogs in Canada. What does it mean for you to tweet, and to blog your ideas in design, your travel experiences and basically open your personal life to the web?
"Then we should get married" he states readily.
Jintan: Cut it out!
945 **D-V/27/1986. “The Erie Problem.” The Law School, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois (on the initiative of students in a Civil Procedure class). (Incorporated in Item C-2000 (10), above, pp. 178-88.)
What do you love to do?
What you have here are gigantic creatures brought about by mankind's tampering into God's domain (to quote one such flick), resulting in the murderous beasties destroying cities, armies, weaponry of all kinds and threatening the rule of man on Earth. But we brought it on ourselves, so it's okay.
Is Death Spa able to sustain the momentum it achieved with its stunning opening? You better believe it. However, I must say, I did have my doubts. The idea of watching yet another shadowy assailant slaughter people after they're done performing aerobics was not something I was looking forward to. I don't care how many firm crotches you shove in my face. That doubt simply melted away, much like the skin of the film's many victims, the moment Mr. Fischa tricks us into thinking we're watching something we're not.
Well, I've tried to avoid him for God knows how long but I've got to face it, Jon Mayhew's here to stay.
6) That I can drink a WHOLE lot of water in 30 minutes.
Am I scorned? No. This experience gave me another opportunity to demonstrate how I take life off the chin, let it fuel me to become an even stronger woman and a classy example of what is truly meant by the title Mrs.
LÄPPLE: The day of the priestly ordination of Joseph and his brother Georg, 29 June 1951 in Freising Cathedral. I too, after Cardinal Faulhaber, like all the other priests present, lined up to lay my hands on his head. At that moment he raised his head and said: thank you. After the mass, he, his parents and his sister Maria came up to my room, and I said: dear Joseph, now give you me your blessing. He hugged me with indescribable delight. He doesn’t know how to pretend. And the thing that hurts him most is when somebody is insincere, when they go in for playacting. That hurts him. That’s why he doesn’t like it when even the liturgy is reduced to theater.
This stenting procedure is becoming more common. An experimental procedure uses a laser to drill channels in the heart muscle to increase blood supply.
Because four years ago I remember hearing (mostly from the same people who now so stridently oppose gay marriage) how the Democrats were making a mistake picking a black man (gasp!) for its nominee for president. I remember one particularly enlightened individual who sat around a backyard BBQ and waxed on and on about how he wasn’t a racist, but that it was America that just wasn’t ready for an African-American president. He was only being realistic in saying that it made more sense to vote for the white guy running for the Republican ticket.
They say the proof is in the pudding . . . what do you think?
Do you write tight from the get-go, or do you have to go back and trim the fat?
Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings told The Associated Press that multiple defendants will be charged in 26-year-old Robert Champion’s November, 2011 death, although he refused to say what the charges are.
Bottom third from left: cardboard cutouts, strangely stylish, inside Siam Paragon
Locals told us that absolutely nothing is going on at the farm Sonning. Meanwhile, the uncompleted housing project at Bray has resulted in hundreds of people moving onto the land allocated for the 150 houses, where they have put up shacks. The place is now a squatter camp. The people at the Bray housing project have water and electricity, supplied by the municipality.
The Father eternal, the Son eternal: and the Holy Spirit eternal.
1. Preheat oven to 165°C (145°C fan-forced). Grease cake tin
However, short of a major Lotto win and a Yummy Mummy tour to Thailand, that aint gonna happen.
En 1955 se publica 'Coast Concert', con la presencia del trombonista Jack Teagarden. En noviembre de 1956 formará un sexteto para actuar en el Voyager Room del Henry Hudson Hotel en la calle 57, tocando un amplio repertorio que incluye dixieland, bop, cool jazz e incluso "mood music". A finales del verano 1957, el grupo se embarca en una gira por los Estados Unidos y Canadá. De aquí has ta el final de la década de los 50 realiza diversas grabaciones para Capitol (The Gotham Jazz Scene, Jazz Ultimate, At The Embers, Blues With A Kick), con un grupo que incluye al pianista Dave McKenna.
Wherever I ramped in the clover quilts,
Even though the mental addiction was a bit of a back story it just seemed more of a back, back, back story to what some summaries had made it out to be. And last of all the scandal that happen (not going to say what it is) seemed a tiny bit far fetched for the plot but it did add a twist to it though. These are my only bad points.
Several conversations with friends and coworkers solidified the thoughts brewing in the back of my mind. One friend told me how overworked she was, how she couldn’t possibly take on any more “things” in her life and how deep she was sinking. She then proceeded to tell me about how she was starting a new parent-teacher group at her kids’ school and volunteering to run a fundraiser at church. In my mind, I wanted to scream at her to look into her own beliefs and see which ones she could eliminate yet I remained quiet.
“Most Americans that are underwater on their mortgage realize they’ve signed a contract — they’ve got an obligation to make that payment and in fact they are,” DeMarco said. Those underwater homeowners should be encouraged to continue doing so, he added.
I do believe that people who have suffered debilitating strokes and other horrible health dilemmas should continue to work in the public arena, but Clark’s decision reeked of unabashed vanity — as did the plastic surgery that he appeared to have had to make his face resemble his
Sramps: Digi Make It Crafty "Flirty Seniors"
Anyway, QPR had maintained a breakneck tempo throughout. In structure and attitude I thought they were quite similar to Mark Hiughes’ Fulham side when we lost there last season. Dogged off the ball, sitting relatively deep but breaking quickly. Where Fulham had pace, QPR had industrious and burly forwards in Mackie and Zamora.
I am lucky to have a Lancome Erika F. shadow that little Miss Blogdorf brought me back from Paris. I wore it every day for a month straight, which is unheard of for me because I often like to keep it simple with a light vanilla shadow for work. But Erika F. has a smokey, sagey wisdom to it paired with the fun of a antique golden microglitter.
Parenting tips, everyone has some, they do not work for everyone, and finding the happy balance is what matters. Along the way we have discovered a few tidbits of parenting practicality that are working. Whether through reading or friends, we are finding success, well most of the time. I am not the inventor, but surely the sales person.
But back to the topic at hand. A secondary title, in my view, and my view is gospel*, is one that represents the top of that particular belt’s wording. The United States Champion should be the best in the United States. The Intercontinental should be the best amongst all continents. Both of those notions are negated when the WWE Championship represents the best in the company, which is based in the United States, and the World Heavyweight Championship encompasses the world, which continents are a part of. It’s comparing the president to the vice president. Kids aspire to be the President of the United States. NOBODY, I repeat NO-EFFING-BODY aspires to be the Vice President of the United States. Not a single person. Not one. It is merely a foothold to reach the level of president. Walter Mondale did NOT jump for joy and say, “Yay, I’m going to be vice president!” George H.W. Bush did not say, “I’m the vice president, hooray!” Joe Biden did not say… much of anything. Really, he hasn’t.
“Really? Would we get to travel a lot?” I hadn’t thought about that. Heck, I’d
14. Huckleberry Hound
The actual fighting mechanics are pretty standard, and I won’t waste time listing them here, but I will discuss the wide range of control options. Players can choose from control options that include the Nunchuk and Wii Remote, a Gamecube controller, or a Classic Controller. While I have tried all of these control schemes (I even bought a Classic Controller for this purpose), the last two feel the most natural to me. It may just be that I’m old and remember my glory days of playing Streets of Rage, but this type of game feels right with a more traditional control scheme. The Wii Remote controls are not bad, and I’ve talked to people who swear by them, but I like the traditional control schemes a little better. On the upside, there are plenty of things to fight to help you make the control decision for yourself.
You have completed my life
The interior design course has been gaining popularity in Malaysia in the past few years as Malaysians have become more affluent as well as being aware of the importance of aesthetics to our well being in our living environment or branding in our business environment.
FiberChoice Save $2/1 90ct (6/30)
I listen to Sanat Kumara and I hear sweetness and love and on that basis, I say to myself I prefer to listen to that particular version of Sanat. I listen to another channeler supposedly quoting Sanat and I hear judgment and separativeness and I say to myself I prefer not to listen to that particular source. That may be as confident as I’m going to get, short of having psychic powers or some other way of reaching certainty.
...people's feelings aren't like arithmetic; they don't always add up. As for telling you, I don't know if I can. Some things you can learn from other people and books; some you have to live through. When Gemma turns 17, Claypoole is forced to close its doors, and Gemma accepts a position in the remote Orkney Islands as a tutor for a young girl. At Blackbird House, Gemma eventually meets Nell's guardian, the handsome Mr. Hugh Sinclair. At last, Gemma seems to have found someone who truly cares for her, but doubts and fears drive her away. It is not until she makes a voyage of self-discovery that Gemma can accept true happiness.
Work Schedule: Nightshift (9PM – 6AM)
The Detroit students, who were on spring break this week, are fourth graders at Marcus Garvey Academy. The plan is from 48-year-old Melanie Manos, a lecturer at the University of Michigan who came up with the idea for the outdoor libraries as a project for her art and design students.
I fell down hard flat on the ground. FACE-DOWN.
Of course, I think that's why individual videos have gone viral but series remain somewhat elusive outside very specific groups. In 5 minutes, an audience member connects to the joke, but not the characters and isn't likely to make the effort to continue back.
The Chargers need to get better on defense. They have had a top 5 offense for nearly a decade. Meanwhile the other side of the ball has been inconsistent to unreliable. I think the first two, or even three picks in this draft should go to the defensive side of the ball. With that in mind, this is what I would do if I was running the show (round 1 only).
When the new top was laid on top, I just screwed them back in, with a couple extra for good measure.
Seeing that the residence only operates the game and does not compete in opposition to the player with odds that are in their favor, like roulette or craps, they make their revenue by charging a percentage of the pot regarded as rake. The rake that is taken at land based mostly casinos is a lot greater than it is at an on the internet casino, primarily since the casino’s expense of operating the game is substantially larger at a land centered venue. This makes on the web poker rooms a a lot improved resolution for poker gamers. There are many far more rewards to enjoying at an on line poker area which include the reality that whilst human dealers can make faults, personal pc dealers do not. There is also a lot superior protection in put against player cheating at on the internet casinos because gamers do not have the power to manipulate or mark the cards.
I had said before the image effects could be a distraction to your serious photography. I’ll say it again. I’m stuck with the only Astia film simulation. Then run with presets on Aperture 3 to get my images done. Today I modified one of the built-in presets for my X100.
Evasions and denials
In this exciting campaign, meant to promote the poetry we love during National Poetry Month, participating poets are giving away a book of their own and one of a poet they admire. All you have to do is leave a comment below by midnight, April 30, with your name and contact information (at least an email address), and I will choose two winners at the end of the month to receive the free books via random number generator. That's it! I will send the book to you absolutely free, including shipping, anywhere in the world you may be.
This doesn’t mean we leave Lissa, Christian and Adrian behind. Rose does look in on Lissa through their bond several times throughout the book, and through it we follow the sub-plot at St. Vladimir’s; there is a new head teacher, and with him comes two of his own children, Reed and Avery. And Lissa’s erratic behaviour becomes increasingly more worrisome for her friends, for Rose, and for herself. It may seem convenient that we’re able to get to this sub-plot through Rose and Lissa’s bond, but there is always a reason for Rose to check up on Lissa, rather than just “oh, let’s go see what Lissa’s up to.” It’s very well done, and it’s great to be able to keep up with both girls.
It was so funny.
Hey everyone! I hope you are all having a safe and special weekend. I hope everyone takes time to remember our Veterans, past and present, who have fought and sacrificed to make this "The Land of the Free." To all Veterans, I say "Thank you for your service."
At QS Towers (a 177 story gleaming monolith of a building with highly trained security, a ‘rumpus room’, and fire exits and stuff) we’re currently working on our annual guide to postgraduate level study. One of the articles in this weighs up the pros and cons of doing a vocational master’s degree as opposed to what we’re going to call, for the sake of convenience, a ‘traditional’ degree, i.e. one not aimed at a specific career.
and to make him watch moulin rouge.
I was so pleased with the overall experience that I recommended to a few friends of mine as a girls night out.
Many congrats to you all and your "TOP 3" badge can be found in the sidebar (or even above!) to display on your blogs with pride.
Soooo... today I bit the bullet and bought an expensive purse. Yes, indeedy I did. None of us in the education field are millionaires, let's be honest. We didn't exactly pick this career because of the lucrative salary.
They go something like this:
Tips for Saving Money:
Many years later, in a letter to a family member, he wrote, “In Hampshire, I saw all the goings-on for D-Day, but was not involved in that, as I was too young. I spent the years from 1947 to 1949 in Germany, from 1949 to 1952 in Malaya, Singapore and Hong Kong and the final year of my Army service, in Hampshire until discharge from the Army in May 1953.
“How long?”He asks again.
Break My Bones
I often think it is a little bit bizarre to love everything worn, chipped and ever so slightly broken down.... To search for objects that aren't perfect, that exhibit the passage of time in full force and that tell a story seems in direct contrast to the contemporary world of instant and internet that we live in. I do appreciate the modern life we live and I esteem the brilliant designers who can make it all happen with concrete, glass and a serious amount of engineering... but my heart belongs to the old world, to patina that can only come from wear and tear and the passage of time...
because of the color of his skin. Podhoretz continues:
* sprinkled with grated cheddar cheese and black pepper
Are you wondering if we’re seeing the same thing? Stephen King says that besides a few subtle variances, we are.
Carine Roitfeld is giving Karl Lagerfeld a run for his money lately in terms of picking up extracurricular projects. After various styling gigs and prepping her new fashion glossy, CR Fashion Book, for a September release, WWD reports today that the former Vogue Paris editrix is the latest to snag a MAC cosmetics collection. While it seems like an unlikely pairing, that’s exactly what MAC’s specialty is: Iris Apfel, Beth Ditto, and Miss Piggy–all MAC collaborators–aren’t exactly mainstream
"Have u finished the book?" I asked.
Oh, it’s no use. It’s all gone. Damn.
"Sounds like fun."
Lagunitas Dogtown Pale Ale
MELISSA GILBERT NEEDS TO GTFO.
In his view, the so-called “Goldilocks Effect” is not a conceptual or scientific problem. It’s just the necessary outcome of a universe that depends on us to observe it. If the universe weren’t what we can observe, it wouldn’t exist, because it couldn’t be observed. Yes, most of Lanza’s writing is as tongue-twisting as this.
This is the yoga of action and there are several interpretations:
The bus pulled up and opened its door with a loud thud. She found an empty seat by the window in the fourth row. She rolled up her jacket in a ball and put it against the window so she could lean against it and doze off. She only regained consciousness when the bus braked some time later and the door re-opened with that loud familiar thud. Her brain was somewhat awake, but her eyes wanted to remain glued shut. A dab of saliva slid down her chin and roused her into full consciousness. She instinctively wiped her mouth and realized to her disgust that she had been slobbering on her jacket in her sleep. While she waited for everyone else to leave, she popped two sticks of gum in her mouth.
i also realise that many people might like pretty pictures far better than what i have in mind. that i might be on my own if i go through with this. i don't want to disappoint, i don't want to offend. but at the end of the day, i have to stick to what i believe in.
there are things about "us" that are harder to handle. like when he is over-extraverted or when he is overtired or when he is uncomfortable, what he feels is so amplified, and I have a hard time calming him down or making him feel safe. I know I am the same way. sometimes I get frustrated about it and just have to laugh, because it's like I am looking in the mirror and I suddenly realize what Chris has to deal with.
“Why must they include so much characters in it?”, “God, they shouldn’t have made Spider-Man apart of a team!”, “This is barely even based off of Ultimate Spiderman”. Before I get onto this subject fully, I’d like to say one thing, if you don’t like the show, then don’t watch it. How hard is that? It’s like eating something you don’t want to eat. Now, back onto characters. The characters, I think, add a nice touch to the show. For those of you who hate the characters in the show, think about it….. Marvel wants people to know about their lesser known characters (something that DC fails to accomplish). Someday people will get bored of seeing the same spider-man movies and sequels every two years or so. People want to see something different. They want to introduce these characters, to get them known, so people can know who they are before a movie could possibly come out about them. For example, The Avengers. They introduced a tv series for youth to know who they are and for them to go to see the movie. About two years from now, these characters can probably helm their own moviesor might even have a spin-off series (Heroes for Hire). Then appreciate this show with their characters, what other time have you seen spider-man with hulk on tv show? You people always want Marvel to expand it’s universe more and more, about how do you expect them to do that when you can’t even deal with four heroes in the series other than Spider-Man?
As I was reading it I found myself thinking....that's exactly how I feel. I used to think I had to
The contest goes on with a new count beginning each month, but this blogger's meteoric rise to blog-stardom is done. It's just too much stress for my world.
Vintage Black Leather vest, Kensington Jeans, Silk Blouse from Zara, Sterling Lace up Booties.
Use a spoon to mix up the cola solution a bit and coat all of the ham's surface with this basting solution. Baste every 15 minutes ( I use a turkey baster). Cook the ham until the internal temperature is 165 degrees on a meat thermometer and the ham's surface is crispy and dark brown. (Mine took about 2 hours.) Add more cola if the liquid starts to evaporate away although it is fine not to have any remaining right at the end. Remove from oven, place a foil tent over for 15 minutes if serving right away or wrap in foil and let rest if serving time is more that 30 minutes away.
Despite this, however, a second clone of the Bank of Japan Governor entered the room and sat down, smiled sheepishly, and asked in a soft voice, “Now where were we?” only to be followed by five more Masaaki Shirakawa clones who also sat down.
Port: ”Good scheduling, don’t you think?”
We pray that it will be done
Likely to make an impression on you actually essentially the most could be the fact that will inexpensive Blackberry smartphone opportunities usually are simply being thrown by most of primary channels by smaller costs. You bet, many support companies such as Virgin, Orange, Vodafone, Three, O2 and so forth. are providing people program for you to take hold of best offers you about the devices by Blackberry. In conjunction with these kinds of promotions, they are simply presenting huge free of cost gift ideas for instance totally free text messages, calling, Lcd televisions, laptops, gaming consoles, music systems, smartphone products, digital cameras and then a lot far more. Almost all styles for opportunities for example shell out as you may proceed, sim cost-free together with plan really are increasingly being offered at pocket warm and friendly premiums. Therefore, whatever do you think you’re hanging around to get? Basically explore online retail stores and additionally obtain low cost mobile phone of your respective decision.
Then we roasted of few marshmallows over the fire
Opa and Jamie having breakfast on the weekend. Jamie was happy, he had his banana and his favourite gorilla toy.
At one point, he said, “Hello America…” and the crowd answered back, “Hello Mr. President.” (*at least where I was they did) and I was done.
621900 Other ambulatory health care services (including ambulance services, blood, & organ banks)
We were going to go look at a couch a lady was selling and my son was riding with me, while my husband was riding with our neighbor. We were at our the house just getting ready to leave when my sons says, “Mom, did you check the car to make sure no one was in it?” I told him no, that dad had just been in the Durango and I knew no one was in there. “Still”, he said, we should check. This was more for his benefit I think. He turned on the inside light while we sat in the seats and looked behind and then turned off the light. All the while telling me that I should check things like that. While we were thus having this conversation, unbeknownst to me, my husband had walked up to the truck and knocked on my window. It was dark outside and I could barely see him.
I found this recipe thanks to Erin at Blue Eyed Bride. Thanks, Erin for sharing this cookbook with us! Let me tell you - this recipe was really good, easy, fast, and healthy. Thank goodness! I ordered both of the Cooking Light Fresh Food Fast cookbooks and can't wait to start using them. I will let y'all know my favorites.
misogyny continuum aren’t
Guidelines for Catechists- Explain fully the guidelines for the catechist so they will know what they are supposed to do and when. This will help the catechist know what they should do for class management and how to handle certain situations and challenges with students and parents. Catechist should also know and understand what the appropriate behavior of a catechist is and how to address a variety of circumstances that, if not appropriately addressed, may create a risk of incidents, allegations, claims and/or lawsuits.
handful grated cheddar cheese
With Special Guest:
bean sprouts
Half of my career has been spent in a managerial capacity during which time I spearheaded efforts to streamline agency operations. I know how to find ways to greatly improve efficiency resulting in a more pleasant "user experience." I have been the liaison between IT programmers and other departments in helping develop systems which allow more work to be done, and with greater accuracy, with the same staffing levels, and at the risk of sounding Romneyesque, sometimes with less staffing levels. And yes, I derived pleasure from it.
I should probably seek the opinion and diagnosis of a medical professional. Honestly, I’m relieved to learn about this disorder. This discovery of mine comforts my mind and relieves my heart knowing that there’s a possible explanation for my constant kaleidoscope of feelings, roller-coaster of emotions.
I've had this series on my TBR list for over a year and finally decided to start it and I'm so glad I did. Kresley Cole has been added to my list of favorite authors. She does an excellent job of mixing romance and humor. I find myself laughing a lot at the chicks in the Valkyrie convent. I can't wait to read more about them in the next books.
BLDGBLOG: I’ll wrap up with two quick questions. It's interesting that you're raising a family – even two young toddlers – in a world where, as you write, there are emerging super-plagues, earthquakes, race riots, tornadoes in Los Angeles, mega-slums, etc. Are you nervous about the future for your kids?
… and it didn’t cost me a dime. – Johnny Cash
The international media focused on Terreblanche's white supremacism, showing his followers giving the Nazi salute at his funeral. No account of his murder or funeral spoke about Malema, "Kill the Boer," or black supremacism -- yet that is the really important story in South Africa today.
Well good evening everyone. I hope you all had the a beautiful day. I didn’t. I actually had a fucked up day. But that is because I have a fucked up person standing in my way. But that is my fault, I made the decision to keep the problem in my life, and I need to figure out how I’m going to bring the happiness back in my life.
Some of the girls were in critical condition after the poisoning, while others were treated and released at a hospital in the province of Takhar.
At 5, we went down to sign up for diving. We met with Ernest, one of the owners (Kath and Ernest are from northern England and started Angel Island in 2002. And he informed us that we were, in fact, the only guests at the moment, this being the Komodo rainy season. Their next scheduled guests would arrive on our departure date, so we’d have the run of the island for our entire time. And we did – but it didn’t mean they skimped on staff or attention. We were informed that we could have our meals brought to the room if we’d prefer, rather than eat with the mosquitoes in the restaurant. So we did.
The result is that people with autism may find it hard to form friendships, understand concepts of consequence or danger or cope in new and unfamiliar situations.
get there on your own,
Does the poster for Girl with a Dragon Tattoo need to be so sexy?
Erik Lehnsherr (who was actually born Max Eisenhardt by the by) was not experimented on during the holocaust (at least, not that I remember, correct me if I’m wrong). In a way, his experience was even worse. He was a Sonderkommando. For those who don’t read up on history as a hobby (yeesh, could I get any nerdier?) a Sonderkommando was a Jew whose job in the concentration camp was to dispose of the bodies of fellow Jews killed in the gas chambers.
So this is the shark tank and right over the top of the rope guard is open water. There was maybe 2 feet between the rope and the tank. If you wanted you could put your hand in the tank.....crazy, nuts!!
There were times when I cried because there were so many people at a cheering station. There were times when we were walking that I was so physically and mentally exhausted I cried. There were times when I was in pain and wanted to cry, but I knew the discomfort I was in was NOTHING compared to the pain of breast cancer and all that goes with it. There were a few times I thought I could go on forever and there were times I didn't think I could take another step!
I'm going to sign off.....lightning.
against her fury
I'll come back in the dead of night
Gold Hoops/Silver Hoops
Dear Mr *************
Me: "Nope."
Knowing this, plan your routine work as breaks in your schedule. Give full focus to while you work on it. Initially, if your mind loiters, catch yourself, remind yourself of the benefits of focus and bring it back patiently to your work. It is easier to focus when you work on something exciting. But you can learn to view routine like a work-out. Concentration techniques use the same formula of training the mind to keep repeatedly bringing back on an object of meditation like a mantra or your breath. Now your routine work is your object, your mantra to achieve the same focus, the same relaxation.
As I’ve previously written, there I’ve experienced many facets of Easter.
Chapter 1 - A Cup of Lemonade
“Junsu ah, the first time I meet you I thought you are a crazy human creature who’s wanna die. But, when I look at your beautiful eyes you are so pure and make me warm. I wanna protect you and make you know that you are the purest human that I ever know. Please let me show you how precious you are, let me spoil you, let me protect you… Kim Junsu will you marry me?” He said with open a small box.
“We’re seeing all generations responding to the nostalgia and tradition,” said Janine Schoos, brand manager. “Genesee is taking off all over the country. We hope to be where we were back in the ‘80s when we were synonymous with good times and great American traditions.”
2 scallions, chopped
We have been calling on Christian friends for a long time now to reclaim Christmas from the commercialisation of it. We have been encouraging them to bring back the religious and spiritual richness of Christmas. Last year, a delegation of Christians and Muslims were in Brussels for a conference. For dinner we went to a restaurant in the centre of the city. I was thrilled to see that the nativity scene was re-enacted with life size figurines of the Virgin Mary and baby Jesus, the wise men, stables, straw and even live sheep! Why have I not seen this in Britain? It would be wonderful to show my children what the very special Jesus means to Christians and to discuss with them what he means to us and to learn the different beliefs we all hold. Merry Christmas to all Christians and whoever else chooses to celebrate it.
Clash City Rockers
6For in Jesus Christ neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision; but faith which worketh by love.
I wish you could give me some good advice while we sat in the backyard watching the martins.
Fun! Kick the can goes way over the top, with Tsumiki and Io being on opposing teams and Tsumiki using this as an opportunity to catch and hug Io which gets kinda sad when she fails. Second half basically revolved around Io and Sakaki being brought onto the school’s radio show, and they answer questions about love and the heart. Of course all of them apply to Tsumiki and Io, and Io’s obliviousness is brought to the very front. As his charm, damn man. Either way, more cuteness.
This is a somewhat more somber tone for this Friday’s blog.
2 italian sausages (we used sundried tomato chicken sausages)
According to a most trusted source (cough cough), Wikipedia:
o Carolinas Medical Center NorthEast
God, is God and Man;
For information, the ESRI published this week recovery scenarios for the State - the high growth scenario and the low growth scenario. Both scenarios forecast 2010 GDP to contract by 0.4% and unemployment in 2010 to reach 14%.
The weak economic recovery in the U.S. and the even weaker performance in much of Europe have renewed calls for ending budget austerity and returning to larger fiscal deficits. Curiously, this plea for more fiscal expansion fails to offer any proof that Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) countries that chose more budget stimulus have performed better than those that opted for more austerity. Similarly, in the American context, no evidence is offered that past U.S. budget deficits (averaging 9% of GDP between 2009 and 2011) helped to promote the economic recovery.
I was surprised to find there was no little card inside to tell you what each chocolate is, and the See's website wasn't particularly helpful in that regard, as I was only able to identify the ones with the sprinkles on (Dark Bordeaux, I believe). That was the first one I tried, and I guessed at some kind of fudge filling. The description on the website is "brown sugar cream center" which again made us laugh for being so American.
In order to catch a bus back to Malawi or in our case, Zambia, we had to go down to Johannesburg aka Jo'Berg to all the locals! We'd heard nothing but bad things about Jo'Berg. All I wanted was for one person to say, "it's not that bad" but instead, we heard stories of car jackings, robberies, and sheer "danger" all over the city. Those stories made me really anxious and gave me a lot of anxiety! In the end, we decided our best option was to stay the night in Pretoria, and then take a 5:30am taxi to the train station, then take the "business class train" down to Jo'Berg. The train was really nice, and full of people in business suits. I felt safe and comfortable. The train took about an hour. We passed lots of shanty towns and shady areas (I was glad not to be near that!). We got off the train, walked up the stairs and were at the bus station! It was great, we didn't have to deal with scary Jo'Berg at all.
Thank you for stopping by, see you next week.
“I use a defense when I’m playing as a black,” Inn added. “It’s very aggressive. It expresses a lot of emotion, a lot of anger. It’s called Sicilian Dragon. And I’m good at that in the game chess, but in life I need to slow down.”
Jennifer (bad red hair) chose the other route, again throwing Blakely (really?) under the bus and demanding to know how Ben could pick a stripper over a girl who let a fifth grade class color her head with red spray paint. Look Jenny (can I call you Jenny or does Cherry Bomb work), if you can’t get over getting kicked off a show about having sex with strangers in favor of a professional stripper, you are never going to be self-confident. Move on, dye it back and maybe move to NYC. Girls like to do that when things aren’t working out. Ever notice that? Tangent, I know, but I feel like that happens all the time. Like, dude broke up with me, the answer is New York, where guys are all nice and living is easy… Right.
- identify where Jesus went and where He is seated
I love X, I love Y, and I love her!
"As of now there is no aluminum can made without any BPA. The liner is there to protect the consumer from the aluminum."
Last week, a group from the Westboro Baptist Church stopped off in Columbus on their way to Washington, where the Supreme Court will decide on the court case that Albert Snyder, father of slain Marine Lance Corporl Matthew Snyder, brought against the group as the result of their protest at his son's 2006 funeral. They went to a corner on the Ohio State campus, with their normal regalia, and protested as part of their 1-70 Godsmack Tour.
Truth.
My mother threw the first clod of dirt. "Now I'll always know where you're sleeping, you son of a bitch."
The House of Representatives requires that bill be made available online for three calendar days before a vote. In the Senate, rules require that a cloture motion to end debate “ripen” for over a day, and even then 30 hours of debate are required.
I have gone through the gambit since my marathon; wanting to quit, wanting to cut back, wanting to just run for fun and not forcing myself to train. I woke up this morning and fond myself WANTING a training plan so I got one but I am going to be lax in it. As long as I get each run in, I will be OK if they’re NOT on the day they’re supposed to be or if I do two a day, etc.
climbing on a mountain
(This lesson is in accordance with the new Roman Missal that is to be implemented on November 27, 2011.)
