Only Britain allowed entry to everyone.
Money Money Money
I haven't posted since last year! I had been very busy during the Christmas Holiday, cooking, baking , visiting with family, and my Wedding Anniversary, which was Dec. 28th. We have been married for 19 years now. I didn't work at all last year. But on Jan. 6th, I got hired for the Roses store. This New Year is starting out wonderful for me! I worked from Mon.-Fri. last week, helping getting the new store set up! I was tired, but caught up with my rest today. Happy Martin Luther King Day also!
When dealing with no scientific ends, the point of communication is often not so much to relay a detailed description (such that it can be recreated exactly), but to invoke a particular emotion, feeling, or response from the receiver. The more descriptive the message, the more likely the receiver will generate the correct response.
At Yellow Lake is a reasonably gritty book, dealing with some serious issues. It also contains a few swear-words. It makes sense, therefore, that one or two people might disapprove of it or feel that it is unsuitable for their child or the children they're entrusted to look after.
10And the fifth angel poured out his vial upon the seat of the beast; and his kingdom was full of darkness; and they gnawed their tongues for pain,
28. You are moving through learning and personal issues at a rapid pace. You sense that you are “getting it” quite readily.
A project as big as Atlantic Yards surely would have some share-the-wealth impacts in Brooklyn, but it's not a charitable endeavor.
That being said, I was bewildered to read, both on the comments section of Voracious Eats and elsewhere, tons of people angrily tearing down vegans as propagandists, liars, cheats, and fundamentalists, who will do anything to get their way. Looking around at vegan cooking blogs, I see so much positivity, delicious food, and just general love- but maybe I'm not reading the right blogs?
I would like you to know that....
3-30-2012
By the one tragic downall of our being:
Contrary to what one might think, the musical lilting heard by Deanna (after all, this IS a Durbin picture), has nothing to do with Yuletide yearnings but instead love ditties by lyric powerhouses including "Spring WIll Be A Little Late This Year" written by Frank Loesser and “Always” by Irving Belin. No dancing though, Kelly saved plenty of that for his other 1944 photoplay, Cover Girl, also on loan-out.
Don’t get me wrong, I know full well all the cooking and cleaning and laundering that comes with having a young child in the house. I’m speaking in regards to the home and the general family. Pre work – the chores were shared. A woman can have a full time job, her husband have a full time job. And usually in most marriages the chores are shared. She cleans/vacuums the rooms, he cleans the bathrooms. She cooks the food, he cleans the dishes. She does the laundry and folds it all, he puts it away.
First, I leave her Spokane concert early–in favor of NOT having a miserable work day Friday (the next day). Never again. I repeat for great emphasis–NEVER AGAIN! The repetition serves to get it through my thick head that jobs do not care about me after they’ve used me up–so don’t make them my priority–especially concerning Ms. Carlile. Maybe I’m finally beginning to learn. Maybe. . . I will never again leave a concert early–regret, regret, regret! I totally wish I could have been the type of person who was like “Screw work, who cares it’s JUST a job, I don’t need sleep, and I don’t need to be functional at work.” But I was not. I left the concert early–and a chance to get an autograph because word has it of course Brandi walked around the audience after singing. Of course–that is my luck. I leave early and this is what happens. . .
Back then I pleased others, I gave them what they wanted. I have realised that doesn’t work. Now I do what I want to do, how I like to do it. I save my pleasing of others to people that matter. The trustworthy ones. If I make a decision, I stick to it. If I offer help, I provide it. I stand by my decisions.
Horton’s the first I call. He loved strange thought
It seems that the news is taking a little longer to reach our northern mates.
I'm here with my son
So here goes: a healthy, super cheap, super filling, stupidly delicious meal. You’re gonna love it. Invite all your friends over for a movie night, plus chili.
So, I have been busy, honest, I have been playing Xbox and teaching Physical Theatre too, but I have been doing lots of film stuff…I also tried to change career paths for a bit, didn’t work out, funny story….not worth telling.
Now, this dynamic is again in flux. The competition has risen sharply, as seats in the BN’s hands are less secure. The recent questionable changes involving the electoral process are even more important, and contentious.
The American Red Cross of Central Texas and Travis County Amateur Radio will partner to replicate a disaster scenario on Saturday, November 5, 2011 from 10:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m at the Gus Garcia Recreation Center and the American Red Cross of Central Texas offices. The purpose is to practice response and support capacity with the use of area Amateur Radio operators, also known as "hams".
This will likely send all 10, 14, and 19 bracket twinks up to level 20, where they will compete in the 20-24 bracket.
Lagoon Crew
I woke to the speaker talking about fathers... Here is what he said.
And then again,
Prizes? Yes! One participant will win a prize pack including books, ARCs and swag.
A gorgeous plate with a bar of ganache with a beautiful cassis-basil sorbet and raspberries. The ganache should have been room temp, it was a bit hard, but what a mélange of flavors!
When I was twenty, I lived in my first house. Well, it wasn't a house as much as it was a Soviet-era duplex being shared with friendly, albeit scary drug dealers. Nonetheless, I was now out of the dorms and able to throw P. Diddy-style parties without pesky RA's breaking it up before the women got drunk.
Is it possible? A remake to be better than the original? Pretty much all remakes suck ass...not this one! When I first saw it, it totally got under my skin...now, years later that has'nt changed.This remake starred Donald Sutherland, Brooke Adams, Jeff Goldblum, Veronica Cartwrigt, Leonard Nimoy and Jerry Walter. It was adapted by W. D. Richter and directed by Philip Kaufman. Unlike other remakes the critics loved it and it performed well at the box-office.
Oh The Things Mommies Do! What could be better than having two? by Crystal Tompkins. This book is a lot of fun and shows many different types of families with two mommies.
The finale episode of “Kate Plus 8” airs September 12 on TLC.
Coffee or tea?
I always come up with kitchy lil’ names for my yearly b’earthday celebrations…and this year, I jokingly called it my “Thirty-Sexy” birthday. As most of you who follow my posts know – I haven’t felt very sexy about this New Body. And until fairly recently, I was having a very hard time accepting this new form.
Under the proposed reorganization, the CEO position would take the place of a board of directors, and an "advisory board" could be set up to provide input from people interested in patent policy.
Should anyone think the most appropriate course of action is granting a waiver, enabling murderous Moslem access to American taxpayer funds, they may qualify to work for Hillary Rodham Clinton in the State Department. On the other hand, if one thinks the United States has a moral obligation to conduct its affairs in consonance with our professed values —or happen to think murderous Moslems should never receive even one-thin-dime of US taxpayer money, then they are probably conservative with no business associating with anyone in the Obama administration.
Tell a different story.
Summer will be yellow, fall blue, and winter silver.
It’s hugely disappointing when the main talking point after a game, especially one as big in the football calender (to the respective fans at least) as the Merseyside Derby.
This citrus-injected kitchen was featured on HGTV's Bang for you Buck, which showcases clever (and some not-so-clever) homeowners who renovate their space for a specific dollar amount. If I remember correctly, the homeowners who created this mod kitchen were criticized for the "too design-specific" hits of orange they used. I think its brilliant though--the high-gloss orange adds just the right amount of punch, and speaks to the mid-century flavor of the rest of the home. Well done!
208) safe arrival of my sister and her family
Below is our upcoming schedule for the next several weeks. If you are a dancer interested in performing at an upcoming showcase, please read on to see whether we have openings in any upcoming showcases and send an email with your preference to Shimmyshowcase@gmail.com
Simon Chin ... Orderly
A few years ago before we had the pub,we owned a small restaurant.In the next village there was a hotel with a Chef/Owner.We used to eat there from time to time,the food was good.The Chef though didn't do much to ingratiate himself with his public.He actively sought out publicity and was unfailingly arrogant,once giving an interview to the local paper which contained the clunker of a quote that he was "educating people in the North East about what good food was". Insulting your diners in this way is not an overly salubrious method of customer retention.As a result Chef Manqué was always unfairly slated by reviewers and eventually sold up.
hidden behind a smile that is vibrant
Like everyone else, I like to dress fashionably and, frankly, have not given it much thought. Jessica Wolfendale and Jeanette Kennett have and the result is an interesting book, Fashion—Philosophy for Everyone ($19.95, Wiley-Blackwell, softcover). This is not one of your usual fashion books on what’s hot and what’s not. It is a serious look at the subject by two scholars, an Assistant Professor of Philosophy at West Virginia University and a Professor of Moral Psychology at Macquarie University in Sydney, Australia. Together they explore the strong connection between fashion and the aesthetic of an era, the difference between the servile and sensible fashionista, the politics of individual style and fashion choices, and much more. It is a book for the intellectual fashionista and, believe it or not, a lot of fun to read. What I know about woman’s fashion you could put in a bug’s ear, but fortunately Dr. Jennifer Baumgartner, a practicing clinical psychologist and wardrobe consultant has written a book to help the fashion-challenged in time for the new spring line. You Are What You Wear: What Your Clothes Reveal About You ($16.00, Da Capo Press, softcover) provides insights into the way your choices reflect inner struggles, fears, desires and dream. Her book’s nine chapters diagnose nine distinct shopping complaints and wardrobe mistakes from failing to dress one’s age to being a slave to labels. For anyone who approaches the purchase of new clothes either buying and spending too much or with a certain sense of dread, this is definitely the book to read!
wordsx3, a former friend of mine, despite the fact that he thinks I’m a liar creative with truth, gave me a meme prestigious blog award, which left me obliged to cunningly hide a rather mundane truth amongst six ludicrous lies and then invite anybody stumbling across this nonsense to guess which was which etc.
Original Air Date: May 1, 2012
I have come to the conclusion some black frames like the ones on display are needed to exhibit some old family pictures, so I’ll take that on as another challenge.
I gotta get out of the house. I’ll ask Georgia and Garrison what there is to do tonight. I hope something. Anything. SAVE ME!
When Mom + trimmer came by on an unseasonably warm Monday in early March (the 8th, to be exact,) there was already some new growth, so – note to self – earlier would have been even better.
38 Captain Corelli’s Mandolin – Louis De Berniere*
Dayre laughed, and Izzy looked embarrassed.
2:00-5:00 p.m.
In a heavy-duty mixing bowl, cream the butter until light and fluffy. Add 3 cups powdered sugar and mix on medium speed for 3 minutes. Scrape down the bowl and pour in the non-dairy whipping cream. Mix on low speed until completely mixed. Add the remaining 4 cups powdered sugar. Fold in the maple syrup.
I am so excited. After three months of trying I, Mrs. Mullet, have finally gotten my name on the fucking snack sign-up sheet at my son’s nursery school.
4 behavior
Start-to-finish, I reached 50k in under 192 hours (8 days). I was the 3rd person in the Liverpool region to finish (we have a couple of those irritating finish-in-two-days *&%@ers or I'd have been first ;D). I was in love.
So on the way home from work yesterday, I was cruising along Indiana State Road 5, heading south. Just a couple of miles north of Wilmot, I noticed movement on the road ahead. Now, Indiana 5 is known as a deer infested highway. So, I slowed, and prepared myself.
But when I walked out on Congress Street I realized I didn’t have my car after all, that my wife had taken it home around 1 A.M., a lifetime ago. I walked down Congress Street in the rain looking for a cab.
The 24-year-old stated it was emotional to be back at the Reebok. “This is a special place – if you play for this football club you’ll know how special it is – the support I’ve got has overwhelmed me. I’m very excited for today’s game, happy that I came because I really wanted to come to support the boys and I’m jus t happy with the support I’ve got.”
Wah...I guess it's been a while since I posted, eh?
I am the righteousness of God in Christ Jesus; therefore, sin shall not have dominion over me. I am a success, and a victor all my life for He that is in me is greater than he that is in the world. He brought me out of the miry clay and set my feet on the rock to stay. He has put His song in my heart; a song of praise to my God! Hallelujah! Amen!
The leg movement in freestyle is called the flutter kick.
09-Sydney Smith-De Pan Dem
The first gun that was actually my very own is the Marlin Model 60 pictured above. A gift to me from Pappy when I was nine, it is still one of my favorite guns. My Marlin 60 is nothing special to anyone else, just a semi-automatic .22 with a 22" barrel and a tube magazine that would hold 18 rounds (better known as a New Jersey assault rifle these days). It came with a plain wood stock, metal blade sites, and an instruction manual in a cardboard box with "Marlin" printed on the outside and a Kmart price sticker of $59.97.
I chose to forgive and I got my power back. I no longer felt bad about my past, no longer felt hatred towards anyone, simply because I had evolved beyond those feelings. I could see the bigger picture where nothing else mattered, but love and that was the state of being I had chosen to live in.
Fast forward to 1980. Americans elect a B-Rate actor who was the former president of the Screen Actors’ Guild. Movies like “Back to the Future”, “The Breakfast Club”, and “Ferris Beuller’s Day Off” are deemed classics. Not because they are among the best movies ever made; but because there is a good chance you will see at least one of these movies on USA Network or TBS next weekend. They seem like classics compared to the crap the Cinemafia spews today. Today’s movies are so bad that they had to re-release “Titanic” in theaters last weekend. (They also made a pretty penny “celebrating” the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic.
On the tongue - An adeptly brewed citrus-heavy dry beer. A bit different. A bit special.
but its also painted and Stickle`d up,
The answer is simple; Republicons don’t have a problem with destroying the economy by using legislation to redistribute income from working people to the rich. Plenty of Democrats want to do this too, but it’s more of a universal goal among Republicans. This process of redistribution, which was assisted quite a bit by President Bill Clinton (i.e. Slick Willie), weakens demand by taking money from the 99 percent and handing it out as welfare to the parasites of the one percent. When demand is weakened, job creation is slack or nonexistent because there isn’t enough demand for employers to hire people. Businesses might even be compelled to lay people off or simply reduce their wages because of slack demand.
with the earth’s rhythms and natural balance;
Our rectangular dining table was arranged at the time such that I was to C's right and husband/father P was to his left, with his sister H sitting directly across from him. Every time we sat down for a meal, C would put his left elbow on the table, lean the left side of his head into his left hand and leave it that way for the entire meal. I didn't think too much of it -- he was right-handed so he needed that hand free to eat, right? No big deal.
But I’m not sure why – I’m actually looking forward to it. There’s a whole host of scenes in my novel – probably the majority, actually – which I haven’t read once since I wrote them. I can’t wait to go back and see what I put down, pull it apart and make it better.
Since the program began in 1984, Bridge Cleaners & Tailor’s has collected, cleaned free of charge, and distributed thousands of winter coats to men, women and children who would otherwise be without one. This program receives invaluable support from collection, promotional, supporting and distribution partners, as well as individuals.
Then through a wormhole I'll descend
The Australian writer Val Plumwood believes that the nature/culture split can be changed by Ecocritical writing. Plumwood suggests giving voice to the more than human as a way of re-spiriting dead matter. In his poetic essay journey to the heart of stone, Plumwood discusses how writers can challenge, “The experiential framework of dead silent matter entrenched by the sado-disspassionate rationality of scientific reductionism” (Plumwood in Beckett & Gifford 2007, p18). The way to do this suggests Plumwood is to recover an understanding of matter as spirited. He calls for a project that encourages us to, “to think beyond these boundaries, to re-invest with speech, agency and meaning the silenced ones, including the earth and its very stones, cast as the most lifeless members of the earth community” (Plumwood in Beckett & Gifford 2007, p22). The writer can re-spirit matter by work that gives voice to the non-human. By doing this the writer can not only help open up space for the world to talk to human communities, but also they can help the human communities learn how to listen. This is a way of healing a wounded space.
We talked Jacob Lawrence, Ernie Barnes and Cary Grant (She knew them all). I was blessed to have a close friend on board with me. I left them momentarily. When I returned; she said, I need you here “words are not my medium”...and I thought "they don't have to be."
When they all had a cup of hot chocolate in hand, the professor said: “Notice that all the nice looking, expensive cups were taken, leaving behind the plain and cheap ones. While it is normal for you to want only the best for yourselves, that is the source of your problems and stress. The cup that you’re drinking from adds nothing to the quality of the hot chocolate. In most cases it is just more expensive and in some cases even hides what we drink. What all of you really wanted was hot chocolate, not the cup; but you consciously went for the best cups… And then you began eyeing each other’s cups.
A policeman - barely older then meself methinks - takes great pleasure from punching me in the stomach.
I really hope this trip lets her get away, get her thoughts and feelings sorted out, and just relax for a while. This parenting from 800 miles away is hard, y'all.
While planning to undertake a major transition to digital in 2012, Bush Radio, AKA “The Mother of Community Radio”, recently found themselves in a position where an interim studio upgrade was urgently required in order to maintain quality broadcasts.
A letter! And this was not just any letter, this one was from Great Aunt Vi. Her letters were full of political intrigue and exuded a sense of indomitability. I can still see her hand-writing and the position of the words "Bill Saroyan" on the page. It was an off-hand remark. 'Bill Saroyan' was in town, something about plays - WHAT???? My Great Aunt knew William Saroyan?! Glad my Dad was home, I peppered him with questions and learned what a remarkable woman Great Aunt Vi was.
250g butter
Tebbit is like all the rest. He ignored the public's voice while in a position of power. Then once away from his position, he waits (how many years out of office?) until other politicians say it's time to talk about immigration, and then he stands up to be counted.
I would have to agree. Her Princess Amelia had a green baby dragon as a pet, which all the children were introduced to; a rather cute touch.
Somehow, I ended up becoming Catholic because I was looking for something with the guilt that I knew from the Jewish side but something that would speak to this idea that if you admitted your faults and had structure, you could have redemption. And its worked because I like the structure of the mass, and I like the idea that I could pursue my own course in life because in my heart it was like.
Red Lentil Cauliflower Curry from Veganomicon! He even had 2 servings of this. We had it with some basmati rice and Naan bread. It was sooo good. I took some leftovers for my lunch the next day and it heats up well in the microwave. 2 thumbs up on everything! (if I had an extra thumb, it would be 3 up for Roger)
So most people who read my little preview of the problems facing the games industry probably thought I was going to say games cost to much. Unfortunately for most who read this the opposite is true. Before I start with my opinion I would like to back up the premise with a series of quotes.
Splotchy: yip
Ben is disgusted with himself for being attracted to someone so very young, yet he can’t get his cute parcel delivery boy out of his mind. One early scene I really enjoyed writing was when Ben can’t cope without his daily Ollie fix over the weekend, so stakes out the local park where Ollie has told him he skates:
Kuya Millard – Will definitely miss you and your kind words.
Did you figure out what the gray is in the planter box?
It's a rated PG-13 film. I would not suggest that any person under the age of 13 watch this movie.
the release of flying high
I'm probably the most tempted by the ring, although £30 is pretty steep (but if it doesn't turn my finger greeen, £30 is fine and dandy).
High kick from Justin is blocked. Choate shoots, which is stuffed – and Justin almost lands a BIG uppercut (which gets a reaction from the crowd).
For now, we will try to catch up on some pictures from last weekend. I feel like I am still in my infancy when it comes to learning photography, but I am totally hooked and don't want to do anything else (other than spend time with my family).
C.D: What is the first thing you do when you get up?
I can hear the European gasps of shock from here.
· Chips and dip
Libby tan wooden platforms, Topshop €105
Personally, I'm still in love with the grey dress and its simply eccentric detail in the back. But then again...you just can't decide which piece is the best - it's just the whole mixture of these 11 brilliant designers who came together to do something, which requires more teamwork than anything else. And how they killed it is more than highly visible in the final outcome.
Reboot Day 3: I'm kind of getting the hang of this now. So Day three started with a nice breakfast again, what I've noticed is that you only eat fruit in the morning, whether it be the breakfast or the morning juice, you never eat any fruit in the afternoon. Interesting.
One exhibit will feature the best work from artists about to receive or recently awarded an undergraduate degree from a regional, national, or international college art or design program. All entrants must have received or be scheduled to receive a college degree in 2011, 2012, or 2013, and provide an academic reference’s contact info.
A great connoisseur of the finer things in life, you express your appreciation of the arts by being creative in these fields. You home is generally a showplace of your interests, yet it expresses the warmth of your personality and charm.
In that moment of revelation God revealed to me the “secret” that had been driving me all those years and what had put in place my enslavement to perfectionism. In exchange for letting Him show me the secret that had been hiding in my heart I experienced the gift of I know, that I know, that I know – I AM LOVEABLE and LOVED .
But, here's an amazing fact about the lowly beet: Eaten fresh, they're surprisingly tasty.
Many companies are into the business of manufacturing the training gear and these companies are constantly adding to the characteristics of their product and are launching many varieties of this equipment that keeps both the players and fans happy. One must keep in mind the following things when buying MMA equipment and they are that the equipment must be durable, its usage should be really easy and most importantly, it must provide complete protection from body injuries.
Now don't get me wrong: last time I checked I was a male, and the idea of a cute female human thinking I was all that and a bag of chips is an appealing idea. And why is that? Because - check me if I'm wrong, guys - that just doesn't happen in the real world.
JT - So you would give it?
The aging process isn’t kind to our lean muscle mass. The fact is most adults begin to lose muscle at a rate of approximately one to two percent a year after reaching that magic age of fifty. This muscle loss gains speed, particularly in the arms and in the legs of our lower body if not addressed early on in the process.
*I'm ashamed to say our photographs still languish on my hard drive. I wish I could work out what to do with them. I wish I could love them the way others really love them.
Pap’s got his patent-right, and rich as all creation;
I handed her a 1/3 measuring cup and a 2 cup Pyrex measuring cup. As she measured out each 1/3 increment, I had her place it in the Pyrex cup until she had the called out for 1 1/3 cups. For a moment I saw a light go on in the interest zone. Afterwards I pointed out that even if hair styling was to be her chosen profession, when measuring hair color and product you needed to know what you were doing or someone wishing to be blonde, could leave the salon a lovely shade of lilac.
Hope you are enjoying looking at these lovely stamps and the gorgeous creations my DT team mates have come up with. These new stamps really are an incredible pleasure to be working with.
Hello dear friends, sorry for such a long silence. After you hear my big news, you'll understand better why its been so quiet on the blog front. I'm happy to announce that I have two big Salons coming up this merry month of May!
Please see the price, availability and shipping terms of Sea Gull Lighting 31191-962 Serenity Five-Light Chandelier, Brushed Nickel Finish with Alabaster Glass from the merchant’s website by click on the link above.
So, to have her stand up there today to receive that award, to hear what was said about her, to hear a later presenter talk about the impact those who had taught the recipients of the awards had made, to know the school that she has been accepted at for her next two years, to hear another man who received a different award tell her that he wouldn’t have received his award without her help (she is also a tutor at her school) …
However, Dieter said he is aware of no other challenge that has claimed executioners are violating medical licensing laws and regulations.
This past week, in my home state of Ohio, Representative Ron Amstutz sponsored a now-adopted bill which prohibits the distribution of any funding to Planned Parenthood of Ohio or any of its affiliates from a number of federal programs. Among those programs that would be completely frozen out of funding by this bill are The Violence Against Women Act, The Breast and Cervical Cancer Mortality Prevention Act, The Infertility Prevention Project (US Dept of Health & Human Services) and The Minority HIV/AIDS initiative funds (Centers for Disease Control). For those of you keeping score at home, the Ohio state legislature could actually pass a bill that eliminates federally-sponsored funding for domestic violence prevention and care, free breast and cervical cancer screenings, regular STI screening and HIV/AIDS care for minorities in Ohio.
Clinton, and a part of the Jesuit-controlled Bilderberg Group (Joseph
Could this be the watershed moment for this series? Having found its legs and a sense of maturity?
for the feeling of running my finger across a petal smooth cheek......
Then she did something I most certainly did not expect, instead of continuing on her walk ahead, she now turns to the right, finds a table which was just off the sidewalk and already was illuminated by a candle the waiter lit. As she sat and corrected her dress she again looks my way, this time her eyes were inviting, her foot pushes a chair slightly away from the small circular mosaic table. Without hesitation, I composed myself the best I could and quickly begin towards the door, down the small winding stairs and exited the door just besides the small cafe.
You hum a tune
That's changed in a big way in 2009! We got our first glimpse at the Prefontaine Classic where Jenny Barringer just missed victory by.01 while breaking the 4 minute barrier in the 1500 (3:59.90). Behind her we also saw outstanding runs by Anna Willard (4:01.44) and Christin Wurth Thomas (4:01.72). We also watched Maggie Vessey come from way back in the field for an upset win in the 800 in 2:00.18. Her stretch run showing that she had what it would take to run under 2 minutes.
but I comment regardless because I enjoy the building of the connection.
Good thought... Peter answers "One time thing". Hey, I'll go for that, although, my answer wouldnt change (assuming OF COURSE that I wasnt married, he wasnt married, all the other caveats of a good Catholic wife!).
(To be fair, I doubt those leading Pakatan would be so foolish as to pursue such an agenda. We merely examine for the sake of thoroughness these worst case scenarios.)
She got off of me and lay down next to me. I breathed deeply and tried to calm the orgasmic spasms that continued to express their will on me in the absence of the caress of her pussy. As I cooled down, the MMO’s retreated and left my anus buzzing. She grasped my stiff cock in her hand, the hand that I admire for its slender delicacy. My cock was slick with her cum and my precum. The slippery coating that covered my reddened hard penis provided perfect lube for her hand to slide up and down my shaft with pauses at the apex of her strokes to make tiny circles under my cockhead, teasing my frenulum.
He's also a giving superhero, and likes to help his mommy load and unload the dishwasher by sliding the racks back and forth, instantaneously slamming his momma's fingers in between the side of the machine and the fast moving plastic, and causing all the plates to rattle raucously. Cause every superhero needs a hobby, right?
I hope that Trent’s mom, Lizette, made a previous trip to Food Lion earlier in the week, because it looks as if she’s shopped this kid out and still has nothing in her cart.
I was reminded of this when I read a list of 1970 Earth Day predictions because, sooner or later, lies implode and the liars must be held accountable.
Of course we shouldn’t wait forever and we should know that no one is perfect but we should never settle for anyone that doesn’t treat us right or isn’t morally good and sometimes, that type of person is hard to find and thus, it can be “lonely at the top”.
Fat (1): 1 (counting the cheese in omelet as fat too)
I wish i had taken some pics, but my stomach was taking control at the moment, but it is definitely a place i could go back to.
A Grand Event
Also in my birthday parcel were a couple of photos of a little Rima that my mum had found in her fossickings. Here I am drawing at age five and three quarters, sat at the kitchen table with pens and pencils, more of my drawings on the walls behind me and a milk-toothy grin that I seemed to wear in all photos at that time :)
The sparkly thing: seriously, has anyone ever said 'I don't like things that sparkle'? I don't think so. It's impossible.
True, I’ve been thinking about these questions. But at the moment, the only thing I’m thinking about is the holidays and the recipes it may bring.
Remember how much I have to feel grateful for. There is such an abundance! (And thank God for Skype and trips to the U.S. when I bring back a suitcase full of what I can't or don't want to buy here.)
Happy Wednesday, everyone! This being my first What I Ate Wednesday (WIAW) post sponsored by Peas and Crayons, I wanted to kick it off to a good start, especially because I’ve been going off my healthy eating path and WIAW is a good incentive to get back on track. I’ve been eating less healthy greens and eating more snacky stuff this past week and I noticed a HUGE dip in my energy level in the afternoons. Normally I’d see my husband yawning in the afternoon, but this time it was ME who felt tired, lazy and just wanted to drink coffee to help get me through. Although I still made healthy dinners and lunches, I ate less of the good and more of the bad.
The Wall Street Journal says that Senator John Sampson, a Democrat "who could be a big player in Mayor Michael Bloomberg's push to change the teacher layoff law in the state," was influential in the Mayor's decision.
I will have a Powerpoint slideshow which will run on Max's
I regroup, step back and take a breath. I let it sit for a few hours and return to the computer, hoping that a fresh perspective will offer a better view of what I just wrote.
It's actually quite sad how ASH cling to this factoid as if it was proof that pubs aren't closing in huge numbers. As everybody keeps trying to tell them, the number of on-licenses is completely unrelated to the number of pubs. A license is required to sell alcohol and there has been a steady rise in the number of licenses granted since the Licensing Act relaxed the licensing laws in 2005.
It's still difficult to picture a 50-foot long creature that can bite a neck and not sever a head, and it makes me wonder how clear a picture the poet had in mind when he was creating the scene.
I'm so glad to be able to reuse, reduce and rescue just anything I feel useful!
How do I Control My First Impressions?
Flowers rapture into the ocean of bliss, immigrating into an another state
“Well the Dr. said it was supposed to be tomorrow.”
Oh and I'd apologize about not ever posting, but that drives me nuts when other bloggers do it. Life's crazy, we're busy, blah blah blah.
Well, on to... something else, I s'pose. Later or good night or something.
And a one and a two and a ready, let’s go…
Rep: Okay, well first thing I’d like you to do is make sure the coffee maker is plugged into the wall outlet.
But this is not the story of how I received devastating health news and fought my way back through exercise. This is not the story of how a life-changing experience drew me to running. This is a story of finding inspiration in unlikely places. It is about overcoming mental barriers and reaching new heights.
Look at the amazing sunrise this morning! The benefits of the kids going back to school include seeing the sunrise after sleeping in for the last two weeks. It's now pouring rain, but it was nice while it lasted!
Those faculties were removed following the inquiry conducted by then Fr Seán Brady, Fr Francis Donnelly and Fr Oliver McShane with 14-year-old Brendan Boland in Dundalk on March 29th, 1975. He told them of his abuse and that of five other young people by Smyth.
Sheriff Bryan was as smooth as ever on the surface, but Moody detected extreme danger emanating from him as he “talked” to her about Riley. He was tightly coiled despite his casual posture. Little tics and miniscule movements made him read like a loaded weapon.
Similar patterns of key combinations, later borrowed by others, remain widely available today in most GUI text editors, word processors, and file system browsers.
Deposition: I went to Oregon Tuesday night, a trip that was ill-timed to begin with, to take a deposition on Wednesday morning. Cue freak snowstorm that shut down parts of Oregon, including the one where the person I was deposing had to travel from--deposition cancelled. The trip was all for naught. Le sigh again.
Our only concern here being to explain the exceptions to what is considered lying.
Grammy
He tied it a little more tightly and roughly than I would have done myself, but it was not uncomfortable. I could no longer see anything at all.
One more thing bothering me and I wonder if its because of this PC era where everyone gets a gold star just for showing up.
“76? Is it good?”
Hero: Well, I just figured you seem so tiny to me, so...
He taunts – teases drawing it across me slow
Mahek: – Yup!! I hope you are still a big fan of Gulzaar saab.
Going through my big box of writing I’d done years before kids and jobs sucked up all my free time has been a lot of fun. My stash of horror stories motivated me to launch another blog, Ben_Scared, to put up my fiction (check it out– I should have another story put up over the weekend). I was also excited to discover my stash of screenwriting!
I'm incredibly thankful for a quick-thinking husband who, when given an obstacle like, say, A POWER OUTAGE ON THANKSGIVING right after the turkey went into the oven, has a plan B ready to go and put the turkey in the smoker without missing a beat. He was planning to cook the beans and peas on the camp stove, but thankfully (!) the power came back on.
- Atlantis and Rama dynasty had experienced the golden era (Golden Age) at the same time (30000-15000 BC).
It’s an all too common story; you go to an exhibition about market leading expertise in your specific field expecting to see impressive, eyecatching, lead-generating stands everywhere, but instead you are greeted by shell scheme and bannerstands galore. At Project::4 we like to think a little differently. The palaver of printing the banner stands, getting them shipped and then getting salespeople (no offence sales teams!) to put them up can all be avoided at little if any extra cost.
P. Lalitha, a home-buyer, shares a similar sentiment.
$110
The area was home to some of the wealthiest, most elite families of Brooklyn, including many of the businessmen whose industrial concerns lined Brooklyn’s waterfront. These include John Arbuckle of Arbuckle Brothers Coffee, at one point the world’s largest importer of coffee beans; Charles Pfizer and his cousin Charles Erhart, co-founders of Pfizer pharmaceutical company; typewriter manufacturer John Thomas Underwood; and of course, Charles Pratt, owner of Astral Oil Works, who built several grand homes in the neighborhood for his family, and founded Pratt Institute. There was also Abner C. Keeney and William Kingsley of the engineering firm Kingsley & Keeney, which was of crucial significance to the construction of the Brooklyn Bridge.
This came from realizing I had dines from my trip last year I still have yet to capture - semi-consciously saving best for last, I just never got around to posting about them, and they were some of the most incredible meals (not just last year, but perhaps, ever!).
That’s because two bodies in the sky have regained ease of motion. One is Mars, the planet of action, who ended his nearly three-month retrograde over the weekend. Matters that have been stalled are moving into position for something, anything, to happen with them at last. Mars will not clear the degree of his turn-around until Monday of next week, which gives us one last, solid week of fiddling with details, fixing, organizing and tidying up.
“And there are only a few seats left on Monday, as well,” the ticket clerk warned. I leaned forward in an effort to comprehend. “Whit Monday,” she said.
For You have given us this sleep
In between the yelling (and after one man was hauled away by the police) several adversarial exchanges between Jim Devor, president of District 15’s Community Education Council, SUNY Charter Institute’s Tom Franta and Deputy Chancellor Marc Sternberg brought out a few surprising points.
We become illuminated in our age.
3) Starbucks free download of Leonard Cohen iTunes song ~ must claim before May 15th
Ink-Night of Navy, Printer Ink (black)
With your bitter, twisted lies,
The council co-opted a vacancy today to a person who lives in Eglwysbach, rather than a resident of our village!
I am hoping... That another trial that hit me on Friday will be sorted. If the answer to this one is "no" it will be so hard and painful but I must hold on and trust and keep my faith that the Lord knows best. This will hurt but He has reasons that I am not aware of. This latest trial has not taken Him by surprise at all!
I think the best analogy I can come up with is that if I want boiling water, what’s the fastest way to do it? Have the kettle simmering. Not starting the water boiling from cold. Of course, to continue that analogy, I run the risk of boiling the kettle dry, but I don’t think that’s possible.
This is a scavenger hunt for images or items, or people or places in
for serving:
If we would but try we could transform our own lives.
Vivian
For many years, I spent all my time working, taking care of kids, pets, yards, houses, etc. Finally, after all those years of non-stop chores, I had a clean house, extra money, time and energy.
Which is why you should go download Feel The Pain, the much-awaited debut release from Dark Enough For Stars, aka… my friend Kevin Gravis.
Beyond our name, we had nothing in common. He lived on the East Side; I lived on the West. He wore top hats; I wore baseball caps. When he asked about my family, I told him I was from Romanian Jews, most of whom fled Europe after World War II. Alan told me that he was from a family of Austrian bluebloods transplanted to New York. There had been, he said, a family fortune once; but, he added wistfully, “Mother lived too long.”…
I cannot recall ever hearing the President speak this way, though. He's given a lot of speeches, but literary references are rare within them, and essentially absent from his off-the-cuff remarks.
I separated the parts to different functions, so that there is one function for each display that takes an value of 0 to 9 as parameter. Operation temp & 1 returns the rightmost bit of the value, so it is set as value of Input A, then the temperature value is shifted to right by one bit and the AND-operation is done again, this time sending the bit value to Input B.
A hydrocarbon column of approximately 1,000 meters was encountered in Albian reservoirs with about 110 meters of net pay. The drilling of the well, which is still in progress, already reached the Aptian section of the reservoir identifying hydrocarbons through a high gas presence that resulted in a kick, which is already controlled.
For awhile I wore them anyway because I always forgot to wash my work clothes. But eventually the weather got cooler and I quit Starbucks and I hung the Worst Shorts In The World in the back of my closet and forgot about them.
And clasps his hands, and lifts them up to Heav'n;
Drifting in the moonlight
"LOOK WHAT WE'VE DONE, AND WE'RE ONLY GETTING STARTED! WAIT UNTIL YOU SEE WHAT WE DO NEXT!"
Minne was whipping up some cupcakes for Mickey.
"I was hoping you'd call," she said as she shared what decisions she had made.
Don't worry about doing perfect sketches. They're just for you, and it's just a learning tool. But don't just scribble them out, either, put enough into them that you are actually getting enough down that you are seeing the patterns and getting down how the staging and cutting is working. Be precise, but don't spend too much time on each individual drawing. You want to do them fast enough that you can see the cutting patterns over several scenes, and if you spend an hour making each sketch perfect, you won't ever get the feel of how several scenes are linking together in a row.
A few months ago, Andrey Arshavin was shipped back to Siberia to represent the club he made over 300 appearances for and was instrumental in their league win in 2007. In his first spell at Zenit, he gave the two assists that were needed to sink Rangers in the 2008 Europa League final. In the same year, he dazzled Manchester United in the UEFA Super Cup to win the trophy for his Russian side.
With this title, I feel as if I’m conjuring my high school IB Psychology (SL) class. My teacher seemed to think that every brain function could be traced back to the interplay of these two mental states…
2 to 3 teaspoons hot sauce
This is probably my absolute most favorite thing we have made this season at work! It is a raincoat costume for a school that is doing Singing in the Rain! The fabric is not my most favorite choice but the overall look of the coat is fantastic. All of the seamstresses love it so much we are going to have a sew along and contest between ourselves. We are all getting our own custom sized pattern pieces for it and will have until our Christmas party to complete it and a coordinating dress. I have a couple of ideas that I am debating over. First, since the basic design of the coat gives off a 60's vibe I was thinking about going along that route and making a vintage inspired ensemble. I am not sure on the details like colors or patterns though. My second idea is to go military inspired, by adding tabs to the shoulders and the cuffs and also making it a double breasted jacket. For this version I want to use a lightweight navy wool with gold metal buttons. I was even thinking about making the collar a little larger and adding buttons to it as well. I am not sure about the coordinating dress just yet though. I am excited to get started on this project but I am on a self imposed Jo-Ann's/fabric buying break until Black Friday.
Hello and Happy Friday! Today I'm sharing some quick and easy Valentine's cards that I created for my daughter's party at preschool. The full instructions with measurements can be found at the bottom of the post in case you would like to whip up some yourself.
Oh sweet baby...you have no idea how much I longed to take care of your precious curls. For years I dreamed of you and your brothers and sister; I wondered if I was crazy. God has actually made that dream come true. I am beyond blessed to call you my daughter and play with your hair, wipe your tears and boogies. You are my lovebug and I pray you feel how much your daddy and I adore you.
With that being said, I will probably be a little pickier about the pictures I post. In order to free up space, I have to look through each post to see which pictures I used, and which ones I did not. A bit of a process, but one I will work on as I go.
Moral of the story: be humble. People don’t like arrogance, and they’ll try that much more to knock the arrogant off the top. I know how it feels to be knocked off the top!
I will be writing more in depth reviews of these products soon!
Oh, what a movie this is! Thanks to a music compilation disk, we saw the music numbers before we saw the movie, and I knew when I was tearing up through the music videos that I’d be bawling through the movie, and I was. This is Kajol and SRK at the peek of their acting abilities.
The blunder caused a judge to rebuke the UK Border Agency for not realising that “prosecution witnesses are supposed to appear in court”. Well done the Border Agency, yes these people should have been deported, but only after the trial, if necessarily on the first plane out after the trial.
The thing that most people have the hardest time with in sales and in life in general is No. 3. When they first start out after a short while they feel like they can help anybody, yet with the world and each of you constantly changing and now at such a rapid pace, you know more now than you ever did and 6 months from now you will know even more.
Within the last month my healing has really made some progress but I am still with quite a bit of pain. On Tuesday of this week I was in class with 7th grade while they were playing a soccer game and a ball was kicked towards me...I was looking down and I looked up just as it was coming at me and flinched very hard and moved...needless to say I was instantly in tears from pain and it took me a little while to regain my composure. I needed tylenol and ice and I was fine...it just hurt. I think my students were shocked at my reaction. They really don't have the concept of how serious my surgery was. Every day I have a student ask me "Is your arm better yet?" I kindly tell them that it won't be better till summer.
VIVIENNE: Writers have a difficult job. They put their whole heart and soul into a project and then willingly give it to others and then ask their opinions on it. The thing we have to remember as writers is that no matter what you write, there are going to be people who love it and people who hate it. Don’t let the negative remarks stop you from becoming the writer you want to be. Take the criticism and learn from it but don’t ever let it define you.
Never mind the fact that Anna can speak 3 languages fluently, HAS been married to an Australian for 4 years AND forget the fact that she is the MOTHER of an Australian citizen.
Once we have entered into true discipleship we will find that we can no more do without daily prayer than we can do without food or water.
If you know me it’s no secret that I LOVE reproductive health. I’m not just talking about the birds and the bees. I’m talking about the ins and outs of sex, pregnancy, STDs, reproductive cycles, you name it. I can’t get enough of it! NHWC has clinics every month and my number one targets for these clinics are expectant mothers. When mothers come, they get a full work up, advice on pregnancy, delivery, nutrition, supplements, and the like. The issue is that we usually have 300-500 people at our clinics so spending a huge amount of time with each mother is just not possible. I’ve been brainstorming and thinking about how to expand on this knowledge to reach more women for some time now. Finally, with a little bit of patience and determination, it’s all starting to fall into place!
The energy works on many levels, physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual. Even though it's a group healing, the energy works with everyone individually. The energy is intelligent and knows best how to work with your energy system. The energy infuses light and energy into your energy field and can clear and balance the acupuncture meridians, chakras and other energy channels. The energy won't weaken with a large group and can even get stronger with more people. Distance isn't a problem and you can receive this energy anywhere in the world.
There is something very Crimsonesque about opener A Last Judgment: lots of tension, active guitar playing. The keyboards owe more to ELP, but the general outcome is one of tension, excitement with psychedelic overtones. Very good. This is in fact quite comparable to After Crying.
BLITZER: CNN Espanol’s Juan Carlos Lopez is standing by. Go ahead?
When my husband asked what the use was of all my stacks of paper, it was legitimate to say “I don’t know when or why I might need them, but I might.” At least according to Gallup, though I doubt my husband ever bought into this theory.
This loft at the Belgian seaside, has the colors of the sea, all nuances that go from green to blue, grey to chalky white walls, colors of the foam created by waves. The place is decorated with beautiful antique furniture with an aged patina.
- Thursday, June 7th: Eureka/Arcata, CA
In what is the first ever conviction of its kind anywhere in the world, the former US President and seven key members of his administration were today (Friday) found guilty of war crimes.
BEST JUNGLE BASED PROGRAM OF THE YEAR, BEST REASON TO USE THE LINE ‘That’s not how we do things in the jungle!’ IN EVERYDAY CONVERSATION, BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ANACONDA IN A MEDICAL PROGRAM, BEST SUPPORTING PERFORMANCE FROM A PLASTIC STINGRAY, BEST OVERALL FUN BECAUSE IT’S STUPID PROGRAM OF THE MID-SEASON:
Below are three tracks from 'Sacred Fire' including The Clash's 'Gun's Of Brixton,' Bob Dylan's 'A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall,' and Rancid's 'Ruby Soho' to get you in the mood!
we get to the hospital they let me know that i was dialated, and having contractions, and that there was a possibility of me losing him that night, and although they told me that it was a possibility it was something I didnt want to believe. and didnt think would really happen.
“Significantly less putrid!” I promise, although I’m actually not. I order a giant plate of nachos to compensate, both for the lie and for all the mean stuff I did when I was fifteen.
If you want to write your representatives, I included the text of the letter I sent here. Notably, if you live in northern San Diego, then both your state senator and representative (Christine Kehoe and Nathan Fletcher) are running for mayor of San Diego. Make it clear to them that how they vote on the parks issue will affect whether you vote for them for mayor.
don't care about punk rock shows
Corbett, a Republican who rode the Tea Party election wave in 2010, supports a major voucher expansion that is working its way through the state legislature. The expansion would be a windfall for companies like K12 Inc., which currently operates one Pennsylvania school under the limited charter law on the books. According to disclosures reported in Business Week, Pennsylvania’s Agora Cyber Charter School—K12 Inc.’s online school, which allows students to take all their courses at home using a computer—generated $31.6 million for K12 Inc. in the past academic year.
In fact the likes of Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes were in some of those great modern teams, but they were much younger in those days. They are both very much in the twilight of their careers, yet have played a role in what looks like United’s latest title triumph.
- 1 can (8 oz) pineapple chunks
Look at the range of topics: literature, politics, Mother Teresa (right on the money, he was), Henry Kissinger (on the money again), Thomas Jefferson, the Elgin Marbles (right again), and tons of essays on diverse topics. I needn’t say more to dispel Pigliucci’s willful ignorance.
On the plus side, if we hadn't been holed up the last couple of days, I would never have realized just how many people still want to Escape To The Country, Relocate, Relocate, flaming Relocate and buy A Place in the Sun. - usually with an eye watering budget and a sneer.
It's in my daughter's eyes
By Julie Rowe
But it's not enough.
Then there are some retro-fun times in this book… namely Y2K. Which will always make me think of New Year’s Eve 1999 and how I was standing out on my friend’s back deck watching fireworks and thinking “I’ll always remember this night because the world didn’t end. I survived Y2K and will tell my kids all about this significant historical moment.” And you know, I was 14 at the time, so I felt like hot stuff to be out on my friend’s deck, drinking sparkling cider, staying up past midnight, and surviving Y2K.
Various Fabrics
Two recent announcements demonstrate the constantly increasing penetration and domination of the area that begins in Slovenia and ends in Azerbaijan, a swathe of land that on its eastern extreme borders Russia to its north and Iran to its south.
You can see from that list the record has a good share of classic song. My favorite on the record is Daddy. This was a number one hit for Sammy and his orchestra back in June of 1941. The song was written by Bobby Troup. This was one of his first hits. He later wrote the classic "Route 66". Then later in life he had a bit of an acting career. He played Dr. Joe Early on "Emergency!", which was a show I actually watched when I was very little. He played opposite his wife Julie London who you may also know as a singer. In fact before they wed he produced her hit song "Cry Me A River" in 1955. Okay, that's enough rambling about Bobby Troup. The song is good and the standout for me on the record.
Before I even decided upon an idea for our campaign, I took a look at some of Under Armour’s current advertisements to get a feel for their current style.
Either that, or I need to go out an buy a few more pairs of jeans.
Cousin Petra gets in way over her head when she attempts to be a junior detective. V.I. does not play favorites when she’s on a case as evidenced by her curt comments to Petra: “You’re not a very convincing liar, Petra. You don’t have the guts to come into a burned-out building on your own. Who was with you?”
One of the most commonly used cooking techniques in this cuisine is deep-frying. Typically an ingredient such as paneer (firm-textured Indian cottage cheese), chicken, or a vegetable is coated with a cornstarch batter and then deep-fried. Then it is tossed with ingredients such as red or green chilies, soy sauce and vinegar.
3 scallions
I give you every seed-bearing plant
2. Benefit Ooh La Lift Instant Under Eye Brightener: I have always been a fan of benefit products and found them to be pretty affordable and of good quality. I had high hopes for it but after using it every day for weeks I noticed NO difference. Literally nothing. I might as well have applied nothing under my eyes because that’s what it seemed like. The consistency is nice and it penetrates into the skin fairly quick but like I said, it didn’t brighten or conceal or reduce dark under eye circles or anything. What a bummer!
In a video made for the group, Obama called for a further deterioration in our military strength.
The people on the internet just kind of gave up on Jason Russell. They seem to have decided that his mistakes overrule the cause that he was working towards. They seem to care more about what he did in the last 24 hours than what he has accomplished in the last few years with Invisible Children.
On Nick’s Facebook page, congratulatory remarks poured in from fans from around the world. Nick, 29, has addressed over three million people in 25 countries.
Emma had a salad of grilled goats cheese and beetroot, beautifully presented, the dash of raspberry dressing provided enough sweetness to contrast with the acidity of the cheese.
She could have easily pivoted from the caller's question to explore this issue, but she didn't, choosing to dig herself deeper and deeper into the racial abyss.
But, today, we headed off to the Upper Green River. I didn’t know that much about this section – I know the Green Narrows are really gnarly and I’m pretty sure I’m not ready for them. BUT, the Upper is a lot tamer. But I don’t know it. And you take off down the river and know you can’t get off till you get to the bottom. And between you and the bottom is an awful lot of river that pours over an awful lot of rock.
stamps - molly wintertime (stamp fairy)
Popeye the Sailor Man didn’t eat all that spinach for healthy hair, but he could have. Spinach, like broccoli and Swiss chard, is an excellent source of vitamins A and C, which your body needs to produce sebum. The oily substance, secreted by your hair follicles, is the body’s natural hair conditioner. Dark green vegetables also provide iron and calcium.
In a more recent comic, the city of Kandor was expanding, and that’s why Superman didn’t hear Pa Kent have a heart attack.
Planners write the briefs.
Allowing love means being willing to go out on dates and explore the possibilities of a relationship. Allowing love means getting out of your head and stepping into your heart because love cannot be attracted or found with the head. It’s PURELY an affair of the heart. Choosing who to be in a relationship with and/or who to marry is a matter for the head.
And on His robe and on His thigh He has a name written, "KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS."
More than half of births to American women younger than 30 are outside marriage, research has found.
3. Beer For My Horses -- Toby Keith/Willie Nelson
Musicians Institute (MI), in conjunction with Revolver Magazine, will host a special installation of the MI Conversation series with Slipknot to kick off the Revolver Golden Gods Award Show week. Members of the band will be on hand to discuss their career with MI students and alumni, and the entire event will be streamed live for the general public. The Conversation Series will be followed by a Q&A for both audience members and online viewers.
And with a view of the endless sky and sea I have also come to the end of this post. Have the next weekend to look forward to, hubbs is going away on an all-boys weekend with his chums so I have the computer all to myself! Cannot wait to catch up on my long overdue blog visits.
Although Amnesty International lists in its report a litany of “discriminatory experiences” faced by Muslims in Europe, it does not acknowledge that most European countries have granted their Muslims minorities a host of special privileges, all in the name of multiculturalism, and that Muslim values are increasingly influencing European public policymaking.
I need to begin work on issue #30 of OPE zine, but I have not yet done so. I did get an idea for a cartoon called The Football Party. It's a cartoon that will "write itself," though it will need me to physically move the pen.
That is for ever England. There shall be
First, I like the pick because of the upside potential but am still a little queasy at the price. Time will tell if three first rounders was worth it but at least the fans, players, coaches, and draft evaluators are all in on the selection. The Skins quarterback play last season was pathetic and a serious upgrade was required. I’d estimate the sheer talent of RG3 would have been worth two more wins on top of last year’s pathetic 5-11 record. Rex Grossman is a serviceable back-up at best and it’s clear after his four game stint as a starter, John Beck should not be playing NFL football.
rouse a smile on her face. That’s a real
Well, now, look at what I’ve writ.
The Descendants and Drive were two of my favourite films of 2011. The Dark Knight is one of my favourite films of all time and it’s a sequel to an adaptation of a comic book and also a reboot of two previous versions of the franchise. The Departed, in 2006, was a remake of the Hong Kong movie Internal Affairs. The Social Network was based on real-life events and on a non-fiction book. Never Let Me Go was adapted from an equally-brilliant novel in 2010. Children of Men. The Girl with the Dragon tattoo. 3:10 to Yuma and True Grit were both remakes. 21 Jump Street, loosely based on a 1980s TV show, is the funniest thing I’ve seen in years.
Having no desire to mine ore the slow and proper way, I swing my pickaxe sporadically at the rocks, much like, a mudcrab on skooma, cutting the quicksilver ore to pieces, plus, unearthing a few gemstones in the process. Having exhausted the mine’s supply of ore, I head back towards the entrance, my mind set on investigating the iron mine as well. Still conflicted about the pickaxe, I reluctantly place it back on the table I found it on, and head out, passing the other miners still picking away at the now empty rocks. “Uh, guys? You know there’s no more ore, right?” No response. “Whatever.”
Next Week: Lucky
9.Keep eyes focused. Shifty eyes moving all around the room will give your prospective employer the feeling that you are being dishonest, or at best, uncomfortable.
Teresa Flavin's love of fine art flows from the page and she conjures up a wonderful world within a world. The painting the children first see is just a doorway to Arcadia and when they first enter the painting there are some strangely disturbing moments, especially when we encounter the some of the painted figures, 'A smear for an eye, a dash for a mouth...'
by Asa E
But imagine what could've happened had I let pride win that day? Well, you might not be able to imagine, but I can. And it ain't purty. Not at all.
Where had it come from? Whose money was it? Was I to spend it? Save it? Pass it on to someone more needy? Above all else, why was I chosen? Certainly there were others, countless others, more needy than me… Her reporter’s intuition insisted that a remarkable story was on the verge of the front page. Newspaper reporter Hope Jensen uncovers the remarkable secret behind the “Christmas Jars”, glass jars filled with coins and bills anonymously left for people in need. But along the way, Hope discovers much more than the origin of the jars. When some unexpected news sets off a chain reaction of kindness, Hope’s greatest Christmas Eve wish comes true.
What remains to be discovered is how Rumfoord's predictions will come to pass, but even then readers face unsympathetic and purposefully two-dimensional characters. I couldn't connect with Malachi or Rumford or Rumford's ex-wife, because they function on a symbolic level. Malachi endures humiliations and tortures, hand-picked by Rumfoord to be humanity's martyr, punished for his sins. On a symbolical level Malachi represents human decadence and therefore suffers for all of humanity's sins. A sinner Jesus.
AP have a unique design of caliper for many Formulii, with their RadiCal (Radical Caliper) design. This being the way the inner and outer sections join via the complex bridge structure, to make it as stiff as possible. We can see the caliper is bridged in two places and a radial brace is also used. Keeping his area open is important for cooling the brake disc.
Eph 1:18-23: It is according to the operation of the mightiness of his strength, with which he has operated in the case of the Christ when he raised him up from the dead and seated him at his right hand in the heavenly places, far above every government and authority and power and lordship and every name named, not only in this system of things, but also in that to come. He also subjected all things under his feet, and made him head over all things to the congregation, which is his body, the fullness of him who fills up all things in all.
He glares, “Mature really mature.”
Because of 100 people in Montana. Seriously.
S flew more than 3,000 miles to attend the event. Another Canadian, she was sweet and shy, but very intelligent and lots of fun. I was very lucky to be able to play with S several times during the weekend.
I am proud of listening instead of speaking, following instead of leading, learning instead of teaching, and moving instead of digging in.
Application: In most studies a 2% inclusion rate is used therefore, it is recommended that Red Lake Earth be mixed into feed (on a daily basis) at a rate of 2% of the animals’ total diet.
Fade into nothingness…
Mama cut out pictures of houses for years
Actually, it turns out, with the exception of the ability to be able to give an offering to Buddha before the big driving test, it was pretty much the same as a Stateside DMV. You walk in, wait in line to get a number to wait in more lines. Once you reach the front of said line, a bored bureaucrat watching the clock and counting the minutes until his or her next break does a little something and sends you to the next line. Luckily for us, since we’re here in an official capacity, we have a little help with the process. Still, in the end, it comes down to paying your fee and sitting in a cubicle with a public servant who has perfected her disaffected sigh. She takes your fingerprint with a scanner and takes the most unflattering picture of you possible, using a webcam, and you’re done. Just like back home.
Billy Flynn (Con) 818
But the decision has been made, the fridge emptied of cold beer and the journey has begun. We haven’t signed up on any official basis – that feels like a big commitment. An outward sign of a personal decision. Like growing a Mo for Movember…only without the facial hair. But we are in for the long haul – or 28 days at least.
So by removing its most efficient excess-food producing agricultural sector, the ANC regime has now gained an increasingly needy population which is unable to look after itself, and requires massive amounts of food-aid and government-benefits to survive. It only took them twenty years.
fun summertrack! We hope you will like it.
to get inside. Months later, I'll find
Chapter VI (pgs. 10-21) cover the Standards of Care for children and adolescents. This section represents a significant expansion of the guidelines specifically directed at providing competent and supportive care to transgender children and youth. As soon as I read the full report, I hope to have a better idea of how hopeful we all can be as we try to care for and support our transgender youth.
In time, God will mend this broken heart and one day I will see my little baby in heaven. Until then, I know God will be looking over him.
and a handful of chopped coriander
If you are a member of any of these two airline programs and make a lot of purchases on Amazon, this is amazing news. All you have to do is register at the respective portal, and remember to reach Amazon by clicking through the portal link rather than typing it on your browser bar directly when making a purchase.
Examples are:
Unfortunately for Marxists, their religion is a proven hoax. Marx himself predicted the 1848 socialist revolution in Europe would end capitalism. It didn't. In 1917, Marxists alternatively hailed the Russian Revolution as the beginning of universal communism. That didn't happen either.
That martyr first, whose eagle eye
So if a pattern sees, it already belongs to a pattern, so some sense can be deduced from what the pattern is seeing.
While we were price-comparing toothpaste and deciding which scent of deodorant was most enticing, Aaron shared some of his life story with us. Listening to this polite, athletic and well-spoken young man, it was almost impossible to believe what he’d been through. He first entered foster care when he was 5 years old, along with his four siblings, and he couldn’t remember how many different places he’d lived. The last time he saw his mother (he never knew his dad), he came across her on the street, “and it wasn’t a pretty sight,” he said, his eyes tightening. The last place he was in was a group home, “where the people running it were just doing it for the money. And that’s never going to make for a good situation.” Aaron didn’t have a cell phone, winter coat, computer, camera, car, or CD player. No sheets, blankets, towels, robe, toiletries, pillow, or study materials. He wanted an iron because he liked his shirts “crispy” and you could tell he was the kind of kid who would use it.
Mets win tonight. It just went final. Mike Pelfrey gets the win. Fernando Martinez made a real nifty play in left field late in the game. Josh Thole got a big double off Jimenez. And THAT ~ is a "Happy Re-Cap".
Amy N. Jarret, 28, North Smithfield, R.I.
Elite Credit
Next up is Team Adam. Between Katrina, Pip, Tony and Mathai. Adam said he thought it was going to go a different way before the night started. He said it was an amazing night and he said it was a stupid thing (though earlier he said he liked that the coaches had the power) and then he said he wished he had words to say like Cee Lo but if they Tivo the show, it might be better to watch and hear what Cee Lo said than how he was going to be right now. (Really Adam?) He then said that all 4 of them being on the stage is very valuable and when they go home they just have to keep at it. Then he sends Pip home. And unfortunately I saw that coming.
Nothing is sadder and less appetizing than a few bits of bread, thinly covered with a bland filling, straight from the supermarket fridge. We all eat sandwiches like that far too often – I say, it’s time for a change!
-Find interesting topics to discuss. You can discuss your morals, beliefs, experiences, or anything that you would like, but be sure that your conversations are 2-sided and not controversial or sensitive subjects. Keep the conversation light and fun.
Gotta have a closeup of the shoes!
Outside my flat there's a little entrance that I share with my next door neighbour. It used to be all white, which I found rather dull after seeing it every day for seven years. Now, technically, this room is part of the public areas in my building as it's an emergency exit through the loft, from one main entrance to another. However, on a daily basis my neighbour and I are the only ones who use it. So I asked her if she was ok with my adding a touch of color to it. As she had no problem with that, I just decided to go ahead and paint it without bothering to ask the board for permission. Since they're never here anyway, I'm pretty sure they're never gonna notice something has changed....;)
I know it's silly...but I had to share my most recent Edison bill with you.
“It’s absolutely ridiculous,” said Grant Cardone, an LA-based business consultant whose video of birds being sucked into an engine of LA-bound Delta Flight 1063 on April 19 has become a TV and Internet sensation. The plane turned back and landed safely.
Ann Arbor, Michigan
“New duties,” you hear. A sign of hope?
We ain't gonna fall for no reindeer trick!
And yup, they were the words right from the beginning. I have a tendency to jump right into things, and you can see that the book's central problem is right there at the start.
I have to mention here, that my husbands mom and maami cook almost identically to each other without the aid of any written recipes. On a blind taste test it would be almost impossible to identify who cooked what. So its equally difficult to identify whom to attribute a recipe to and hence I will alwasy attribute it to them both.
Best Bugaboo Cameleon Complete Stroller Base Color: Dark Grey Collections
Then your vision can incite them
What do you see?
Only a zephyr that may blow
and I seriously urge you to check out her latest Wedding Card creation with all its tiers, pearls and mathematical formulas she used to create it!! Sara brought it into the shop today for me to see up close and personal and literally it took your breath away.
They came third on the clock, but I'm not sure in terms of the amount of money raised. But there's one guy in the team (Pablo) who must be good at that part!
But, I am Wonder-Woman, I can do anything, right?
After said "high mother" incident, my brother and I grabbed a bottle of bourbon and went to a dirty bar that serves beer only (that's why we brought our own bottle) and listened to drunks sing horrible Christmas karaoke and play pool. I think at one point I floated above my body, looked down, and realized how pathetic it was to be sitting on an old spool that was serving as a bar stool, swigging cheap bourbon out of the bottle, with a guy with one eye hitting on me, and my brother off-key-karaokeing ZZ Top with a pool cue as his fake guitar. Then I just realized that's life and tried to make the best of it. And here are the pictures. Excuse the quality, they're from my Blackberry, in a dark bar, with a not so sober hand holding the phone.
“I am a German. Germany has got an inferiority/superiority complex. We basically have this feeling that nobody likes us and we have to stick together but we are better than everybody thinks we are. So, out of that inferiority complex comes a feeling of superiority and we have had that for too long. Germany has to change.
Training went from 10 – 12, and then we went out to get some food. On the way there (we walked to the restaurant, which was 1 mile each way) we passed this adorable little thing in the window of a pet shop. It’s not crouching, it was a munchkin kitty with the cutest little pug face and curly ears EVER. Amanda kind of wanted to take it home, but apparently it’s not for sale. Sads!
Roasted pork with pandan bánh hỏi, duck curry, beef stir fried with fresh leek bulbs, and lotus rootlet salad with free ranged chicken.
If she hadn't been so clueless, she might have seen it coming. But really, who expects to get into a relaxing bathtub after a stressful day of shopping for tankinis and come out with scales and a tail?
When it comes to art, decoration and style I know what I like and can create the perfect picture in my mind’s eye, but ask me to translate this to reality by my own hand and the result often looks like several cans of paint run over by a piece of industrial machinery.
Go with the flow, don’t fight it. If you feel tired and exhausted, rest and get plenty of sleep. Drink plenty of water for you are detoxifying and dehydrating quicker than usual. To relieve emotional tension and stress levels take Valerian. Fenugreek relieves stress on the lymphatic system and helps the detoxification. To relieve muscle spasm take Valerian and try mud baths or a long hot soak in a bath into which you add a cup of Epsom salts. Do this daily. Recognize that even if you are having heart palpitations or breathing difficulties that it is the heart chakra or the throat chakra that is unblocking and that the symptoms are temporary. You aren’t dying, just changing!
On my way home, I run into my neighbour out walking with her two little ones. Ben, aged three, scampers ahead, stamping his little boots, mittened hands pawing the thinning snow for treasure. Not having seen her close-up since the autumn, I am astonished at how big baby Ashley has grown. Fat, dimpled, pink-cheeked, she grins at me, revealing two perfect pearly teeth. I issue an impromptu invitation for lunch, and am accepted.
Three of our party of four order the steak. Although, technically, it can't be faulted, it fails to really wow any of us. It's just plain boring. The $22 plate of succulent fried chicken with its crunchy garlicky crust is more tasty, but not something we'd usually rush to order. When it comes to the entrees, we actually prefer the sides. This is where James really pulls some stunners. Creamed corn with lime was incredible. Seriously, we would be more than happy with a bowl of this for dinner and nothing else. Can you send us the recipe, James, pretty please?
Don Henley Boys of summer US
I was out walking yesterday and noticed that a billboard at a bus stop had been changed over night to advertise McDonald’s $1 any size soft drink promotion. In huge letters it proclaimed “Summer is here!”
It is great to be a follower, but I want to take blogging to the next level. I don't want followers...I want friends. I want my blog to be set in a community where we come together, embrace each other, and support each other...not by our stats, not by our numbers, but by our ideas and creative vision...and most importantly -- our friendship.
A general litigator in the litigation section at the Assistant City Attorney level will appear as first chair before state and federal courts, including jury and bench trials in relatively less complex cases. The litigator will be responsible for the case from the initial filing of the petition or complaint, through the appeals stage. The litigator works with legal investigators to investigate the case, prepares all pleadings, engages in discovery, and works the case through trial and beyond as appropriate. The litigator will meet with department personnel in preparing and trying cases.
So, since I was waaaaaaaaaay expired on alllllll my deadlines and, according to the threats written in my official documents, would be hanged at noon from the Arc de Triomph for this crime, G suggested that we put a yellow sticky note on the document that said, "deuxieme envoie." Yes, my friends, it said that this was the second time I had mailed the document to them. Technically, this is a bald-faced lie. Since nobody told me to send the damn thing and only told me to go to the place. But I figured that one day in line and getting yelled at by the OFII receptionist was the same thing as sending the form in.
It’s an interesting bid to say the least because this show has not been relevant for quite some time. I liked YuGi Oh but the stuff afterwards was a little dull for me, it lost the Egyptian mystery and charm that I enjoy so much.
My inlaws were thrilled to see their son and grandkids and I was THRILLED to have 24 hours to myself. (I had to work one of the days they were gone which is what prompted him to go without me in the first place.) However, for 24 GLORIOUS hours I did not have to cook, clean or take care of anyone but myself. I was ready to see my family when they got home, but I thoroughly enjoyed a few hours of alone time.
# Psychogeography has moved from revolution (say: Guy Debord) to nostalgia (say: Iain Sinclair) and I think I know why. The psychogeographers of the middle 20th century imagined the city as a collage of grandiose shape-shifting sectors that would be endlessly explored by its inhabitants. The city would be in permanent revolution, urbanism would by participatory, work would have be abolished and play would be the core activity of life. Sixty years later we find psychogeography evoking historic and fantasmagoric cities as part of the contemporary city through narrative pyrotechnics and the wilful paranoia of associative anecdote. Its politics is regressive rather than pro-active, its demands on reality humble. The psychogeographer rather than create alternative visions from scratch has gone searching for them in places that have so far escaped ‘development’. The psychogeographer of today walks, in various funny ways,
Bad tactics: Getting into the thick of battle when you could be lobbing plasma at a safer distance. Just firing haphazardly into the far corners of the map hoping for a lucky kill.
F: No, that was after. Actually my best friend at school, she moved in to the country. She was a big fan of Essential Logic and we remained close friends for many years. And then-- unbeknownst to me--she moved into the temple and became a Krishna devotee. One day I just saw her on the street with the markings. She had tilak markings on her forehead. She was walking right down the street. I nearly died. When I saw her dressed in a sari singing and dancing with a big smile on her face. I went to the temple with her and tried fish her out. And I ended up really liking what I saw. I liked the food. I really liked the books. The books especially. And gradually I just became more and more involved over the next two, three years, to the point where I decided to take a break from Essential Logic, move into the temple and become a full-time Hare Krishna.
Welcome to the fourth edition of The Pulse -- The State of the Art -- a survey in words and pictures of the online artist community. Nearly 150 artists have answered a list of questions which make up The Pulse. Their responses will be presented as a series of online and print projects. Links to the first four projects (Secret Sunday, The Book Guild, StudioScapes, Viewer's Choice) can be found on the sidebar of my blog.
Maki shouts at the woman in black. Sara hesitates for a moment, then says quietly, “The Next.”
THE UNFOLDING
Ce spuneti?
Josiah repaid Riley's kindness by working hard on his land, eventually becoming the farm manager. While on the estate of Riley's brother, Amos, in Kentucky, he became a Methodist preacher and raised a family of his own. Nevertheless, he yearned for freedom and in 1829 gave his owner the $350 he had saved from preaching to buy his freedom, only to learn that Amos Riley had increased his price from the agreed $450, with $350 initial cash payment, to one-thousand dollars. His hopes of manumission dashed, he later learnt that he and his family might be sold again so he resolved to escape to freedom.
TUV NORD’s Lead Auditor Li Yong Jun facilitated the Awareness Sessions along with ASSIST Projects and Grants Management Director Sathappan Sathappan, while TUV NORD’s CEO and Regional Manager for the Far East Paul van Bernkelen led the forum.
And she found him,
This is a serious issue. One of the most harmful, insidious forces in contemporary business, politics, and education is bullshit.
that costs less and does more. The Kindle Fire is the hot new tablet, and it
Thank you ladies!!
On the whole, great film, great story, and wonderfully told. I might not be around for a while because I’m going to need to go walking around in the woods, looking for holes in the ground that will give me special powers. Wish me luck…and watch out.
TRULY LIBERAL?
7) Racist/prejudiced/ignorant people. This is stupid for too many reasons to bitch about here. Everyone is different, different is good, get over it. Especially you twitter haters bitching about who scored the winning goal in the Bruins playoff game. He scored cause he’s a good hockey player. The Bruins lost, which sucks, but they played well and they didn’t lose cause the opposing team had a black guy on it who scored the winning goal. This infuriates me and makes Boston look bad, and like sore losers. We still have the Celtics as long as Rondo can enroll in some anger management classes.
Master Your Debt by Jordan E. Goodman with Bill Westrom ($24.95, John Wiley & Sons) offers lots of detailed advice, based on the latest laws and new government programs and policies. You will find a variety of strategies to rid yourself of debt, along with reliable source information such as toll-free numbers, websites, association and government agencies, and vetted companies and services to help you implement your plan to dig out from debt. Goodman has authored a dozen books and, for eighteen years, he was the Wall Street correspondent for Money magazine, as well as on television and radio. Westrom is a consumer advocate and veteran mortgage professional who has become a critic of the traditional banking system. From the same publishing company comes How to Run Your Business by THE BOOK: A Biblical Blueprint to Bless Your Business by Dave Anderson ($24.95, John Wiley & Sons) that will appeal to anyone raised with religious values. In a time when surveys tell us that only 45& of Americans are satisfied with their work, an all-time low since the study was begun in 1987, unhappiness on the job, says the author, has some very real consequences. “Unhappy employees are unhealthy employees—psychologically, emotionally, and sometimes even physically,” says the author. Inspiring and motivating workers is job number one says Anderson. He identifies the bad habits owners and managers can develop in bad times and he offers some good advice how to improve life for everyone from employees to customers.
I had a birthday and got older. And cried when my father didn't call for the yearly b-day call he'd always make before he passed away last year...I missed him on that day, a lot.
This package also contains unique and amazing remixes from the very best producers of Rootstep, Digi-Dub, Reggae influced Dubstep and Future Bass. Pioneers like: RSD and Radikal Guru. Plus the next generation of Dub stars: Riddim Tuffa and Adam Prescott.
let's hope I did it right! I hope to see you putterin' around your garden as I work to locate the mind I lost as I raked the beds out 2 summers ago. And, I'll share a picture with you of our seeds. Some of them are from a few summers ago when I would harvest seed but they're actually 3 years old and I was afraid they wouldn't work so...I bought new seed. (shhhh!!!!! Don't tell Ben but Lowe's had a buy 1 get 1 on their organic seed and I soooo cleaned up!! ;) )
God sent you to this world for a purpose, when you were young you had some beautiful dreams, you had dreams of greatness but as time began to go, it looks as if those dreams will never be fulfilled, I have good news for you tonight, before the end of this year, you will have a testimony.
I wish I could send something to everyone who entered my UnBirthday Giveaway. Thank you to all of you who take the time to read my blog and comment. I know you just want to know who won ;-) so without further ado, here's what the Random.org gods decided:
The most severe cases are those of addicts who suffer from poly drug addiction which necessitate treatment approaches for using different kinds of drugs at the same time. Concurrent treatment methods are available for users who combine alcohol abuse with tobacco. Psychoactive medications including anti depressants, mood stabilizers, anti anxiety agents or anti psychotic medications are used to treat patients with mental disorders like anxiety, schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and depression such as post traumatic stress disorder. The aim of the behavioral therapies is to allow people to take active part in the treatment process to enable total healing.
So wear the Lib Dem trousers to the polling station might be her sub conscious sending out a message.
I’m no Freudian scholar but I know one thing for certain. The one woman whose love and admiration he wanted most, he could never please or satisfy. His mother did one huge psycho-whack job on his head. Oedipus had nothing on Daddy.
After that, there’s foundation (a layer on top of your skin, that looks like your skin and feels like your skin, but isn’t your skin), concealer (this also goes on your face, but for some reason is green), lipstick, lip liner, lip gloss, eye shadow, face powder, blush, bronzer, mascara (a torture device used to poke out eyes of enemy soldiers), to name a few.
Some may fear that recognizing the commentary of every article will turn every subject into an endless postmodern discussion. But actually, the opposite is true. Recognizing the gloss allows us to pause in the seemingly unending back and forth of contemporary free speech and free inquiry to say, well, for now, this much is true — the ivory-bill still hasn’t been definitively seen since World War II, climate change is happening and caused by mankind, natural selection is the best description of nature’s creative force. Et cetera.
If you haven't heard yet, we are having a fantastic Black Friday Sale!
I like chocolates. I think giving flowers (designers bouquets not sunflowers from the side bush) is sweet. I think I deserve those, but no one cares. No one even dared. Not even him. He once gave me this flower, and I still keep it. But he is never sweet. and I don’t think it would ever occur to him to get me even a dozen sunflowers because for him gifts “should be functional.” So yeah, good luck to me. During my graduation he gave me a book about tragic lovers. Sweet. We’ve had 5 anniversaries, not once did he gave me a special gift. We’ve had almost 50 monthsaries (together and apart) and I gifted him so many things… things that I bought myself, things that I saved up for (boxers, very expensive perfumes which he haven’t even touched, load, and a loot more). He gave me shoes, shirts, books (all of which were from his loving mother, really). I was touched. But I wasn’t blown away.
My image is on Neenah and colored with Copics. Unfortunately the colors I used for her are hiding with the colors I used on Beetlejuice. My base is Bazzill and I used more of the Rusty Pickle paper from the Addams Family collection and the same funky green "ribbon" I used on yesterday's Beetlejuice card. I wanted the two of them to flow together!
Supporting all this is my general immersion in Buddhist dharma and related inspirational writings. I often find the daily musings at Tiny Buddha strike a chord in me. Take a look: there’s a lot of uplifting stuff there.
TAKE NOTE: The following extracts were sourced from the Smashwords edition, where approximately 20 percent of the content can be viewed for free. Because Smashwords does not deliver the content in print form, but in various digital formats – the extracts I’ve published here will thus not reference any page numbers. Reference numbers used to indicate the author’s sources, have also been omitted.
The laughter bubbling out of me
I would dare say that many Christians do not have a clear understanding of what biblical love is. For several generations now, love has been distorted by society. It was a popular song by the Beatles in 1967 which stated, “All you need is love.” Even before that time, love was seen as the proverbial band-aid to all of the world’s problems. But something has been lost in the distinct quality of love which Christ taught about in the gospels.
I Never Knew Your Name
meeting with responsible state officials prior to any decision on the use of stimulus
Oh dear, another very late post from me this week – sorry! It was my mum’s birthday today so I went visiting for tea and cake (yum!) and it was late by the time I got home.
I know that there are only so many hours in a day. But there is more than one way to skin a cat! Be creative!
We also got a Wildfire Cobbler which is a fruity vodka based drink with some chili pepper puree. It looked a little like a bloody mary and had just the right amount of spice. I’d never had any chili pepper puree in any drink I’ve had before. That was clearly an oversight on my part.
So remember when I was talking about wanting to make my own floor mirror and I made Sean carry discarded wood down our street? Well, this weekend we finally got to work on it. It’s not entirely finished because I need to figure out how to hold the mirror part in place, but I was too excited to wait, and I thought you all might have some ideas for what I should use to keep the mirror attached.
But the husband isn't smiling. He turns to her, puts his coffee on the table, lights a cigarette and says, "Where's the evidence, cretin?"
Hi All. Are you staying cozified? I've got my new sorel boots on for the soft blanket of snow...It's amazing how much these boots put me in the mode for "getting 'er done" today.
To play in smog dat’s tick as soup.
“Trapped”
Sex appeal: High; Yvette Mimieux, George Hamilton and Rossano Brazzi, and de Havilland is much lovelier than the frightening lip color above suggests.
Our color story this week in the Cafe is beautiful:
ahhh, so much easier! :)
Brouwerij Verhaeghe Duchesse De Bourgogne
A large purpose of the nickname game is to help your friends associate people with different attributes so they can keep up with who you’re talking about… and because it can be funny. But when all your friends know the guy by his name and don’t have to say, “Kevin? Is that the one who licks his lips all the time?” – it’s a pretty safe bet they know he’s special to you… and that you just might be dating.
The sun is almost up, many people still working hard at my house for event preparation. Still, list of gratitude is a must to call it a day:
And that’s enough to make the words come out again. I re-discover the wonder of writing each time I remember where I was the summer before I turned ten.
This weblog does not often receive news from Austria, but International Law Office has recently posted a note on a ruling of the Austrian Supreme Court on 16 February (17 Ob 5/11a). The ruling arose from an unusual set of facts in which the holder of an SPC challenged the grant of a later SPC which, it alleged, was based on the same active ingredient as its own earlier SPC. In patent infringement proceedings the holder of the later SPC had secured interim injunctive relief against the holder of the earlier one but, once the patent on which the later SPC was based had expired, the holder of the earlier one sought a discharge of that injunction on the basis that, on the expiry of the admittedly valid patent, the injunction was now based only on the SPC which should not have been granted.
Founded within the 19th century, this company makes luxury leather products worldwide. Products which are sold will possess the extremely common LV logo monogram, that’s seen upon most products, which range from leather goods and luxury trunks to ready-to-wear, watches, shoes, accessories, jewelry, books and sunglasses. The logo is upon the actual leather, making it as common as all other brand names within the world.
There are several specific things to look for, and to expect, in transgender counseling. A good counselor will know the difference between transgender and gender identity disorder, which seem similar but are very different. In addition, transgender therapy is not meant to cure you, and counselors should not be trying to fix you or pass judgment.
This is Kyoto, 1408 Butterfield Road, Downers Grove. Besides sushi, they also feature cooked Japanese and Chinese dishes.
Imagine two fish. One is thin and spiky. The other is round, fat and smooth. One is called a Baroom. The other is called a Kikxis. Which is which? Around 90-95% of people will say that the spiky one is the Kikxis. (Fewer if I’m talking to teenagers because they like to be provocative.) There isn’t a correct answer, by the way – the fish are invented.
(it already had one seat recover ~ the covering it had when I purchased it, left something to be desired).
I am an incest survivor…
“May slipped his clothes off one by one, removing her lips from his for no more than a second or two.
Monday night was just so awful and I really hit rock bottom but I survived it and did not allow the little devil on my shoulder to kick in and make me kill myself. It is difficult. Mum allowed me to use the iron to iron some clothes again yesterday something, which I have not done since I burnt myself with an iron weeks ago. The scar is still there on my tummy like an omen and the iron did start very naughtily talking to me and telling me to ‘burn myself’ but I simply ignored its advances and told myself the voice was not real and that burning myself would not solve anything. So I successfully beat one of my many demons. Will I manage to all the time? Will you manage to beat any demons you may have? Who knows? But if you want to find out how I cope with mine, then please follow my blog. Maybe you can relate to me. Let me know if you can, I would like to know how other people cope so very much.
The first class folk were dumbstruck at this crazy ringer’s feat
December 5th I will also host a Holiday Card Making class at DIVA. This is not a class where I make a kit and everyone makes the same card. Rather, this is a fundraiser for DIVA and I bring down a mixture of papercrafting supplies where we are creating our own mixed-media/altered arts creations. Bring some embellishments to share or swap with classmates. Your class fee becomes a donation for DIVA.
In those last couple of pictures, Lard Butt out-weighed me by about 10lbs - but I've always had that psychological edge! Even if she's a bit harder to take down...
As a global university, we thrive best in an open and diverse environment in which people from all walks of life, as well as different communities and countries, can learn from one another, with mutual respect for each other. We are glad that the vast majority of the NUS community embraces this.
Steinemann has heard from fragrance sufferers worldwide. People have described seizures and asthma attacks from being around the products, she says. One woman was unable to be with her dying mother because her sister used scented hair products.
Each of these three statements was a lie. No player ever invoked the Fifth Amendment, at any point in the case. The three captains who lived in the house where the party occurred cooperated (foolishly, in retrospect) wholly with police, including voluntarily giving DNA samples and offering to take lie-detector tests. A few days before this parade of falsehoods, the Poynter source/seminar instructor had invented a statement by an unidentified neighbor asserting that members of the 2006 lacrosse team had committed “other sexual offenses.” No such statement existed, and no members of the team had committed “other sexual offenses.”
I don’t know about you, but the lunch hour of my dreams rarely happens in a typical work-week. Rush-rushing all morning long usually means I’ll have one hand holding a half-sandwich while the other hand types. If by chance the day goes well and the sun is bright and the stars line up, I like to find a quiet spot outside to balance this bowl of spring’s bounty on my lap. Add a nice hunk of chabatta bread on the side, maybe even a good book or magazine, and you’ve got a lunch break
5) “I’m doing research for a play/movie/book”
Time of Heaven
Or rather, in our car...
Not only is it time for Bath & Body Works Semi-Annual sale and they have items marked up to 75% off, but you can use a coupon off these items too!!
I think it’s pretty much an instinct to think of the ones you love when someone asks you to think about the word “together”. These people are the ones who make us who we are, the ones who help us build our characters and form our opinions, so it is only natural that they are never far from our minds.
Our young people do not understand their loss of identity, the loss of the sense of who they are and loss of self-worth. What are the consequences? The degradation shows in their social lives when they try to escape from themselves.
One of my favorite fall pieces - wheat tied together with a pretty ribbon and stuck into a chocolate colored urn filled with coffee beans. A pinwheel has also been neatly tucked into the ribbon for an extra-special touch of fun.
I tried to choose songs that were relatively mellow because it was supposed to just be us eating. I left off with Barefoot Blue Jean Night and Please Forgive Me because they're a little more upbeat... so, they were supposed to kind of lead into the dancing part of the reception.
BIOSHOCK INFINITE
Well, we then moved on to what they were going to do after leaving us. Were they staying on in the Lakes for a while before heading home? Amanda told me that they were going to visit Blackwell House, so I offered her a ’2 for the price of 1′ entry voucher, which is a special arrangement we have with Blackwell House (www.blackwell.org.uk) only for guests staying at Blenheim Lodge.
–excerpt from Pretty Boy Floyd.
“I felt my time here has been very happy for me, and hopefully the new owner will be able to enjoy what I’ve enjoyed over the years — conversations with people, the uniqueness of the area and so on — and keep the history alive,” Sammons said.
In the sidebar there’s the following quotation from Chris Snowdon, author of the Velvet Glove, Iron Fist blog: “If I see one more politician who voted for the smoking ban crying crocodile tears about the state of the pub industry, I may throw up.”
A wonderful gift from the tour company given to all the participants of the trip. It’s got beautiful images, information and facts about Tanzania, star maps, area maps, wildlife spotting checklists, Tanzania folk tales and lovely writing pages where you can pen your own story. It’s such a great idea to have it all in one, and a fantastic souvenir. I really hope I get something like it – but I have also prepared my own.
At the iconic intersection of Hollywood and Vine lies The Redbury, the newest addition to the award-winning sbe Hotel Collection. Curated by Creative Director and renowned photographer, Matthew Rolston in collaboration with sbe Founder and CEO, Sam Nazarian, The Redbury Hotel offers an escape into a colorful and enchanting world of luxury. With a focus on creative, business, and leisure travelers with an admiration for the arts, music, fashion and entertainment, each guest flat offers a playful retro touches creating an inviting and welcoming atmosphere.
Like us on Facebook.
“I am disappointed with what Hindraf has done. I am upset. There are better ways of doing things. To stage a protest and fight with the police, I cannot accept. This is not the way to do things in Malaysia,” he said.
Brick wall surface cleaning, power-washing, staining of Building Brick $ 2,300.00 (R&N Ent)
Written only in zeroes.
I gather up a mix of vintage linens... old advertising sacks...
for other’s further growth;
Well 'tis about time I posted something.. mildly interesting.... Actually that might sound up myself, saying my paintings are mildly interesting. Maybe 'lright might be better.
I was looking for a good strong plot when one morning, over breakfast, my partner, Daniel, suggested writing about a girl who’s mum is a con artist. At first I dismissed the idea, but a seed was sown and I found myself researching parents going to prison and the effects of it on family life. I was amazed to discover that approx 11,000 children per year are left alone, in care etc because their sole parent has gone to prison and felt it was a subject worth writing about.
With Upwards each child has a color arm band and you are supposed to play defense against the player who has the same color arm band. Well, Brody's kid scored and Jason made a simple comment to him that he has made before "Hey that was your guy who just made the basket". Well, you would have thought Jason told him he was the worst player on the court because Brody huffed and puffed and Jason sent him to the bench where he took his wrist band off and was ready to throw it at me. At this time, I quickly grabbed his arm and drug him to the side room - yes, I was THAT mom. For some reason he did not want to play any more. I started out being nice and tried to be understanding, but that wasn't working so I played hard ball mom and said you have 2 choices - either get out there and play or stay in your room for the rest of the day. Now, I really would have liked to have taken him to the car right then, but that would make a child on the other team sit out, which wasn't fair. So, he chose to go out and "play" which meant he stood hanging onto to Jason's leg for the remaining 30 minutes of the game.
(Just come up against this new blogger system, I get my head around one lot then have to re-learn how to do things...can't they leave well alone! It would be ok if we were all techies!)
My love of singlets began when I was pregnant. They were the only safely unisex thing I could buy, so I bought them by the container-load. Seriously, I had so many singlets that neither Maxabella nor Multiple Mum had to purchase a single one, sized 0000 to 2, for years. They were just so... cute. And white. And fresh. And innocent.
NBC confirmed to Newser that Luciano is no longer with the network after having joined them a short 18 months ago from Univision. Her firing came after an internal investigation into the incident.
Eligible Books: Books with 350+ pages, mostly YA.
We avoid the person on the end getting no popcorn and the people in the middle getting tired of passing the Dr. Pepper.
He said that that reading was IMPOSSIBLE, and that I would be in a hospital had it really been that high. He wondered what kind of blood pressure cuff they used because perhaps it was skewed because they were using a pediatric cuff...(??!!) He seemed annoyed and then stated, if I really thought it was that high, the only place to go would be the emergency room. He told me I ought to head there.
This is not the only time he's done this. He tried to explain to me the other day why it was more logical for me to keep my shower soap outside the shower. This went on for 20 minutes. He's one of those guys.
Deputy Chief of Staff for Army Intelligence (’97-’00)
Shared a sweet moment with Lauren reading The Princess and the Kiss. She had tears flowing down her cheek and said, "Mommy you didn't save your first kiss for our daddy." I had to explain how I once didn't have Jesus in my life and didn't make choices that honored him and that brought a lot of emptiness and heart ache. By God's grace I was able to heal and he showered me with his mercy and love. He blessed me more than I deserved by bringing daddy (Tray) into my life.
NEW LINKS
Sec2s - Wear your swimming costume inside your full uniform. (change to PE + school skirt after swimming)
He is, I presume an American, because he wrote “no offense” instead of the British English “no offence”. I have a suspicion the problem may be an example of two nations separated by a common language – even in cyberspace.
What I'm listening to now:
But there's no end in sight
Linking up the crew at Yeah Write.
The (slightly) good news is that the number of people becoming obese may not be increasing as much as previously thought.
Edited to add: I've just realised that this should go into the Less is More challenge where Chrissie and Mandi are looking for cards featuring Masking. It'll be my third entry this week so I hope you won't get fed up with me!
Low point: ...but Grace is very different
A really good way to discover how the nights might feel...
This week I have been holidaying in the English Lake District, just outside the small town of Kendal to the south of the lakes. We’ve often passed through Kendal, but rarely stopped, so pitching camp to the north of the town seemed like a great chance to explore the town and roundabouts.
As their smiling faces come pouring in at a quarter past seven, I am reminded of where they have just come from. One would assume that these nicely groomed children with backpacks in tote would come from the highest classed families in Dallas. They politely smile and greet me with, “Good Morning Miss Eng,” from the very smallest that stand no higher than my knee to the very oldest that are most likely taller than me.
It worked, and we got through it, and I am incredibly proud of myself for never (well, ok, almost never, I’m not perfect) escalating the situation. I now train all my clients in the whoosh, and recommend the drafts folder as one self-management tool. Because email comes through with no emotional cues, it seems particularly good at activating the limbic system.
Hi Daryl-Ann,
Paul Pfeiffer’s images jolt a viewer and come forward as forceful breaks in the usually seamless and fluid medium of video. Take his most famous video work, Fragment of a Crucifixion, After Francis Bacon, 1999. Former Charlotte Hornet’s player Larry Johnson, without basketball or recognizable team logos on his jersey, appears to enact some sort of primal groan or scream. The display bursts forth over and over, caught forever in Pfeiffer’s constant, revealing looping. This is not ordinary television.
Once we’d all absorbed our grades and comments, the course re-started with a round-up of some of the things we needed to be aware of collectively. These were pitfalls some or all of us had made, aspects to look out for and improve on etc.
Gets in the fucking way.
so that whatever you ask the Father in my name he may give you.
JULY 2000
Scenes like this one have given a feeling of how tough it could be to make it in Hollywood – but it isn’t all that tough for Esther. While working as a waitress at a party, she catches the eye of Hollywood leading man Norman Maine (March) – whose “work is starting to get in the way of his drinking”, to quote one of the film’s many famous lines. He gets her a screen test and she is soon cast opposite him in a film, with their screen romance being duplicated in real life and leading to marriage.
Her heart beat through her chest as a new compartment exploded into existence behind her brain. Silence was no longer an option. She gasped and wept and laughed all at once, with a resounding burp that suprised those around her into giggles. Why didn’t they get it? It was too much for her, everything much to loud and nothing much too quiet. She squirmed in her seat and her eyes wiggled at the walls, which were dancing the hula. The TV blared classical music accompanied by an old cartoon and she saw the characters look at her, and point. They were suprised that she could see them. She smiled and felt like everything would be okay.
Maralena Howard Minimal - Abstract in the public’s eye – yet personally I see it on a more defined level. Minimal in that there are not a lot of blatant distractions going on. Abstract in that much of my work is left to the eye of the beholder to define. I think that some who are not normally attracted to abstract (perhaps it struck cord of dis-ease in them) often find that they can sit with my paintings/art and actually feel comfortable. They can be at peace with them and not grow easily tired, distracted or disenchanted. I like to think of it as “Tight, balanced, longstanding and absolute. Healing art.”
Play your abuser’s game. Get to know his/her moods.
We ordered:
I thought about purchasing an eBook reader for the past several years. I finally decided on the Amazon Kindle 3G + Wi-Fi (third generation) and cover with light, just incase I’m am in the dark. The high contrast screen is even pleasant to read in artificial light and outdoors in the bright sunlight there is positively no glare, just crisp clear letters.
· Assist teams to adopt and refine new development methodologies (i.e. Agile)
And his professor gave him an A
Melissa Sklarz, a transgender woman, said that the race was full of worthy candidates, and that as president of the Stonewall Democratic Club of New York City, she could not make an endorsement. But she described Mr. Wymore’s candidacy as “an opportunity for transgender people everywhere.”
Blessed are the meek, for they will inherit the earth.
15. Vivid dreams. Sometimes the dreams are so real that you wake up confused. You may even have lucid dreams in which you are in control. Many dreams may be mystical or carry messages for you. And in some dreams, you just know that you are not “dreaming” — that what is happening is somehow real. Advice: You will remember what is important for you to remember. Don’t force anything. Above all, stay out of fear.
I had lunch with my Finnish publishers, overlooking the Illustrators' Café, where this year's ALMA (Astrid Lindgren Memorial Award) was being announced. We heard the roar but it took a while to find out it was Guus Kuijer, the Dutch writer.
Bolton Wanderers - £40,594,585
From the circulation figures, people who write for and read the Guardian and the Independent.
Add spices and stir to coat onions.
Midget girls softball tryouts Thursday this week at Somerset school from 3:15 – 4:15.
“There were toughs in every rodeo town,” he said. “Fights just happen. A girl, a drunk. Somebody’d bump you at the bar. My brother Doc showed me how to fight. I never was great at it.
With your little head, down in your hand
The executive council, or boule, was in charge of preparing the agenda for the assembly. To make up the council 50 citizens from each area were chosen by lot each year. The executive council was also in charge of the everyday running of the state including finances, authority issues, and foreign relations among other things.
Ignore the first five people who say “good morning” to you.
This leads into a problem I have with all of Seagal’s movies. You know ultimately the villain will never be a threat no matter what because for whatever reason Seagal is never shown to have any weaknesses. He always dishes out the punishment, but never once receives any in return. And this was the case in this film. Forsythe’s character was so crazy yet once they fought one-on-one Seagal’s character never got touched once. I’ve seen better, more dynamic characters in Power Rangers Dino Thunder!
Building on the success of Kate Gilmore’s Walk the Line, the inaugural Parasol Public project, Parasol unit is now collaborating with Argentinian artist Ana Gallardo to realise the site-specific project. The piece features three dancers, all in their 70s: Ofelia Martinez Herrera, Marvan Pale and Arnulfo Hernandez Hernandez give presentations of danzón and encourage the public to join in. A place to live when we are old will be accompanied by music, a site-specific wall drawing and video projection that together create a dynamic social environment.
Because I live to be strong, I live to be connected to those that just accept me,
Wren folds his wings and walks over, dressed in jeans and a black shirt. The sunlight brings out his green eyes. I shake his hand, knowing he could kill me with his touch, but certain he’d never do such a thing unprovoked. He smiles and we exchange a moment of small talk before I dive into my questions.
And very young. I loved Shlomo's compositions and arrangements and choreography (I wasn't so crazy about the time machine part, except for the actual whooshing of the machine - I'd have liked that bit more if there'd been bigger changes of style, but that'll evolve).
“Ow! Madam, please! Allow me to introduce myself!”
22. Stars of Evil - All-Story Weekly 3 parts Jan 25, Feb 1, 8
“Charlotte is a great young player. She possesses a lot of ability and passion at a very young age. Beautiful sound and intonation. Her ballad playing especially is wise way beyond her years. Nice writing with a balance of standards sprinkled in. A very good first recording. A career I'll be following closely.” (David Binney)
No need to feel bad for me, because I’m happy now for the first time in what seems like ages. Funny what you get used to.
I will most likely be updating this as I notice some astonishing fightings, records, and statistics.
In the last month, we've had 2 trips to the ER (minor stuff, but still emergent/after hours, etc). The first trip was because Boo's croup had taken a turn and we were suddenly dealing with a bad fever that was only going up. She's so rarely sick; we simply weren't prepared to deploy. Once we made the decision to take her to the ER, we spent a good 20 minutes gathering, running up and down the stairs, checking and double-checking things, going back into the house for one more thing... you get the idea. It was much more stressful than it needed to be.
So I finally decided to get a new top made with wood that has been stored in my polytunnel where it has completely dried out.
Or emailing.
I honestly fear that I suffer from it. All of the symptoms and signs are problems that I endure. My dad has an undiagnosed, severe case of bipolar. All of my relatives on my dad’s side have a history of mental illness. So it is perfectly plausible that I’m not clinically normal.
Why does that dovetail? Name me one sober, optimistic Irish author.
If you're planning a trip to Palm Springs, I recommend stopping by Pomme Frite for a decadent croque monsieur (mmm, melted cheese!), and don't forget to save time to check out the area's midcentury modern houses. We saw a road runner on our tour!
02. Wish You Were Here
Jesus had changed his audience here vs. 54 says he was speaking to the multitudes, always without fail when it is the multitudes Jesus say’s what would be considered maybe an offensive statement. I don’t mean to offend I mean aggressive to get your attention and definitely to weed out the ones who were just there to see the commotion. It’s like a car wreck you don’t want to see anyone hurt but you can’t help looking.
where the people are clowns and the boys
By the way, Gertie, thanks for being my #1 fan. Keep visiting here, and I might even monitize it!
8. Mad Donna- A great song with a sleazy feel to it. I always have to fight the urge to rub myself in a seductive manner when listening to this…
I grabbed some black pants in a couple different sizes and told him to try them on. "Let me see them after you have them on."
It was not clear if the transaction was successful.
* When you approach your wife from down wind
Yep, that pretty much sums up the most craptastic night of Jenna Baker’s life. She drowns after jumping off a cliff, meets a hotty named Chance in the pearlescent in-between and is brought back to life by her soon-to-be boyfriend Robert.
They bloom every other year
Now the almost dry grated ash gourd will weigh around 200 grams and will measure about 1/4 of an inch below the level of a 200 ml cup.
The second tool you need is the Send to Kindle app from Amazon (Windows and Mac versions are available). Once you install this app, you can right-click on a file and send it to your Kindle email address. You can send a number of different formats, including PDF and DOC. Assuming that you have authorized your own email, the file will appear on your Kindle, or iPad Kindle App, as a book which can be read as any other Kindle book. If you send a DOC file you can highlight and annotate, but PDF’s cannot be highlighted or annotated at this time.
According to the Pew Center 45.5% of Protestants and Catholics identify as Democrat or leaning toward Democrat. I find this disheartening. As Christians we are called to uphold certain ideas as sacred and unyielding. One of those concepts is the sanctity of life. While I understand that many people who “claim” a certain political affiliation may not adhere to every party line, it is generally assumed that if you claim to be a Democrat you support “a woman’s right to choose” abortion. This is one of the major hallmarks of the Democratic party. Strike one.
It’s because God is sovereign and has given me opportunities to choose Him and what is best for my soul rather than what I want.
collection of singles rather than an 'album', ranging from a classic
Midnight stars greeted them as they left 'The Fort.' Trevor pulled her close against the rental and kissed her. "We should stop meeting like this." His whisper tickled her ear.
It’s the weekend, a quiet relaxing one I think. Well there’s garage saling tomorrow and then in the afternoon our friends are coming over to spend some much needed friend time. Mike is going to be hosting a shoot and I am going to go for a leisure walk with Terri and some chat time. Shopping on Sunday and maybe fishing if Jim has the time. And the most important, study time.
It’s the little things that keep a marriage strong!
So here are my resolutions:
This second part, when it was a stand-alone story, was called “The Wolverine and the Overseer’s Daughter”. And the best way to string the two together is if Sophie is the Overseer’s wife. Not really a major player in this part of the drama, at least not in the first imagining.
I can’t think of a better job than taking photos of people
Beached
- Through the Looking Glass by Lewis Carroll
Before I knew it, it was Mile 5. Seriously, it went that fast. I looked for the High Five, It’s Mile 5 people but it was so crowded. I started to get excited because I knew Cindi and Chris were going to be in the next mile. I felt so good. It was crazy.
Then there's the thing if you, yourself, ever had one of those recent symbolic death moments. For the last few years I've lived my life according to the myth of A Star is Born, with me the boozy has-been author, my ward the younger ascendant star in blogging. Then, a couple weeks ago, while listening to my ipod on random shuffle and flipping through TV with the sound off, I stumbled onto TCM in the midst of the long scene of James Mason gearing up for his suicide in the George Cukor-directed 1954 version of A STAR IS BORN. Now, I've seen this version only up to the intermission, but I knew, because of the song on the shuffle, "The Grey Ship" by EMA what the long shots of Mason looking out to sea, saying tearful goodbyes to Judy and friends really meant, what was going to happen. The song fit perfectly as sometimes happens; the editing and beats matched so perfectly that I knew it was a cosmic message as I thought "Look a ghost grey ship is coming my way," And it didn't even have to stop. It just kept on going. My intermission was over, and the long voyage into the infinite was now underway, like back when I stumbled onto FLATLINERS in 1991 (see here). I've had other weird synchronicity moments before or since but this was another symbolic death moment, a substitute for an actual death imagined in my chosen Star is Born mythos. Mason did the long swim so I wouldn't have to, and either way old personal myths are inevitably shed like a snake's old skin, like a snake of life, and only perhaps do you die for real many many skins down the line - but as TREE shows, your skins come fast and furious.
Here’s me and my beautiful big girl at her party.
According to Kathleen M. O’Malley, District Judge, United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, sitting by designation:
I feel like I've been so behind in my blogging! Well, for what it's worth - here's the last 1/2 of our trip!
Back after a multi-month sabbatical! I’ve had so many joyous moments over the last several months, but rather than give you an exhaustive retrospective, let’s stay in the present together.
I’ll ask forgiveness now for saying very little about not much this week. Every now and then, though, one needs to cleanse one mind of the clutter. Every now and then, the drawer needs to be tidied, the desktop organized, the closet emptied and reframed.
When additional exactness as in 00 is required these would be pronounced: In these first numbers it is literally saying zero tens zero, zero tens one, zero tens two, etc. The term da for Deka
Bob Wills - The Essential Bob Wills 1935-1947 - 1992
*Start S and J's commission for chores again. Why did I stop that? It really worked.
that you were my first love is just dumb luck, a technicality
So our theme for Sepia Saturday 122 - post your posts on or around Saturday 21st April 2012 - is ..... well, it is whatever way you care to interpret the above archive image. The photograph is entitled "Students at Drouin State School, Victoria Tend The School's Garden" and comes from the National Library of Australia stream on Flickr Commons. It was taken by Jim Fitzpatrick at some point during World War II and, in a wonderful insight into the times, the description notes that boys dig and grow vegetables whilst girls tend the flowers! You can go whichever way you want with interpreting this theme. Be your usual creative selves and cultivate a fine crop of posts.
8) Cocaine
I did most of my shopping online (and I'm pleased with the results, so pleased), but there was one undelivered snafu. I could remedy that by going to the mall today, although Cranky kindly suggested that we wait until later next week. He is such a good boy.
Thank you for visiting,
I smiled as I handed him the two five-dollar bills.
In a large bowl, mix together the eggnog, 3/4 cup of sugar, nutmeg and vanilla. Cube the bread into 1" square pieces and toss with the eggnog mixture. Press and stir until most of the liquid is absorbed.
When questioned, parents and educators who work with their children in this way rely on a simple catchphrase to support their decisions: "Children need/want/thrive with structure." In many respects, I don't really disagree with this statement; I have seen for my own eyes that many kids do like structure, and thrive within it.
Do we value important things in this country?
But the second date is also when you scrutinize the person across from you a little more closely, trying to determine if you’ll get along. If they’ll get the same enjoyment out of chevre chaud salads, for example, and experience the same longing when passing before a patisserie window; if they’ll also love talking about restaurants and food (ad nauseam) and movies and books and fashion and travel; if they’ll giggle at the same jokes and find the same absurdities in life. In other words, do they make the cut? Is this person worthy of your time? Are they going to get a third date?
The smell was very yeasty, as you would expect from a Belgian ale. Now and then, I thought I caught a whiff of apple cider mixed in with the yeast. And then, the first taste. Wow. Creamy, creamy mouthfeel, with a lovely blend of apples and malt/yeast. Perhaps a hint of cherry in there somewhere? What was most amazing is how well this brew masked it's 10% ABV. I expected some of this to come through in the flavor, but it was barely noticeable - aside from the warming sensation it created, of course. Although it was definitely fruit flavor that spoke the most loudly in the initial tastes, it would be misleading to call this a fruity beer. This is a rich Belgian ale with plenty of meatiness to it, a substantial body, a nice apple-slanted top end, a thick yeasty bottom end, and a heavy carbonation that makes the whole presentation sparkle and pop. However. This is not really a Christmas ale. It lacked the necessary dimensions of spice - the ginger, cinnamon, orange peel, clove, etc. - that would make it a true yuletide brew. It's not a bad beverage by any stretch. I would drink it again, for a special occasion (but not more than one, due to the ABV and richness). But in this particular contest, it was holly and plum and cocoa and spice that I was looking for, and I just didn't find it in this beer. So-good beer, even better-than-good, but even though I might normally rate this a strong 7 out of 10, for the purposes of this series of Christmas beer reviews, I give it a 5 out of 10.
7.- Deep Cover (f/ Rahzel)
By the climax, you’ll be howling for more. Mr. Brooks might not be the most tasteful film ever, but it is exciting, intense and addictive as hell. It goes for the throat and provides a rollicking, insane good time for everyone. Go see it.
My new results indicate the conclusions of Cutting, De Long, and Nothelfer are flawed, and that it is very likely they have underestimated the autocovariance present in the editing of Hollywood films. The discrete and modified autoregressive indexes they present are likely to be too low, though there may be some instances when they are actually too high. This is not enough to reject their conclusion that Hollywood films have become increasingly clustered in packets of shots of similar length, and I have not yet applied this method to their sample of films. It is, however, enough to recognise there are some problems with the methodology and the results of this research.
One thing evident by these before shots: we're lazy. Very very lazy.
What’s the point (you might ask)? Start putting more of America’s creative people to work today. Don’t call them up and ask for “free” guidance, no more than you would your lawyer, accountant, or benefits coordinator. Don’t Facebook friend them just to read their blog and get great ideas and run with them. They are writing as an outlet and to provide you something to “go on” as to the extent of their ability and their knowledge of the market. You may be surprised how effective they can execute that plan you devised based on what you read. Not to mention, how much is your time worth? If writing and creating is not your strong suit, it may take you weeks to create something that a marketing professional has in their head, right now! They may be able build your next great sales campaign within hours, leaving you to complete the much less painful tasks of your business. When you look at it that way, how much have they truly “cost” you?
Lots of sewing coming up--including (finally) pics, research, discussion and general yappiness on the gestational stays, a cocktail dress to accomodate my ever-increasing bulk, and--perhaps--the start of the Regency gown I've been planning for over a year--wearing my new apron has inspired me to get back to it! Also--fingers crossed for a new Rather Old House as Relocation 2012 continues!
I want a man who knows what love is all about. You are generous, kind, thoughtful. People who are not like you admit to being useless and inferior. You have ruined me for other men. I yearn for you. I have no feelings whatsoever when we’re apart. I can be forever happy –will you let me be yours?
For taking away our Charters, abolishing our most valuable Laws and altering fundamentally the Forms of our Governments.
928 ***D-II/13/1986. “Article III, Sections 2 and 3 of the Constitution of 1787.” Gannett Lecture Series, Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, New York. (Incorporated in Item C-1986(6), above, and in Item B-4, above, pp. 136-48 (1989).)
I get that graphic fidelity is something you should strive for, otherwise we would still be gaming in 8-bit and have that weird 70s grime on the lens that lets you know that this show is dated. I am worried however that graphics are starting to become too much of a priority, to the point that it is happening at the detriment of other aspects.
Yes, America started it. While the Bush gang decries "blaming America for everything," it doesn't change the fact that many terrible events are the fault of American policies. It shouldn't boggle the mind too much. We have a worldwide Empire, and imperial actions will have consequences.
David A. Sutton – The Fisherman
and I quote," MUTHERFUCKKER, FUCK YOU, GONNA MAKE ME KILL YOU, I DON'T WANNA HEAR BOUT, DAT, ALL DAT SHIT IS DEAD, YAH HEARD? DEAD NO FUCK DAT AN FUCK YOU I AIN'T TRYIN TO HEAR THAT SHIT AND YOU PISSIN ME DA FUCKOFF, SO UMMA HAVE TO FUCK-- NAW SHUT DA FUCK UP, YA HEARD?!..."
I am not
I had so many fears about this whole thing. All of them are gone now. Every time I look at my Shai's little face, smell hir breath, feel hir tiny heartbeat while zie sleeps on my chest.
First the QPR defender received the 11th red card of his pro career in 1987 after elbowing Ossie Ardiles in the face; he was given a 53-day ban. Then he was handed an oﬃcial warning by QPR after going on holiday to Spain without club approval while recovering from knife wounds received while out one night in Croydon. Having been told he had no more "second chances", he was then sent oﬀ for a 12th time in 1988 for spitting at Fulham's Leo Donnellan in a reserve match. Dennis was quietly oﬄoaded to
Embellishments: Basic Gray, K and Company, My Minds Eye, Making Memories
“The ability to earn a profit it thus the ability to multiply our resources while helping other people. It is a wonderful ability that God gave us and it is not evil or morally neutral but fundamentally good. Through it we can reflect God’s attributes of love for others, wisdom, sovereignty, planning for the future, and so forth.”
That just gives you a taste... There's a lot in this book you'll want to read and savour slowly: from manly men to wise cats, scenes that make you weep to dialogue that has you bubbling with laughter. Of course, I'm also a sucker for stories set in Wales. The names roll off one's tongue, and the world - the Keep, the crofts, the food and feuds, the hills and heights - are vividly realised.
My wife loves birthdays. She loves other peoples birthdays because its THEIR special day. When we got married we had to decide when to celebrate my birthday and I mentioned the following weekend to go out, not necessarily on THE day I was born! You would have thought I just ran over a small kitten or something. “Its not the same, you have to celebrate on YOUR day,” she said passionately!
From miles away she can see
But let's not forget the ladies who have left just as indelible a mark on American music as their male counterparts - greats like Patsy Cline, Loretta Lynn, Tammy Wynette, and June and Mother Maybelle Carter. It's because of these women that there's a whole new generation of cowgirls out there telling their stories thru song, and two of my new favorites will be doing just that at the Buccaneer Lounge in Sierra Madre this Friday night, Sept. 26th. DAFNI's style is described as Americana Jazz, while JAIMI SHUEY (in this week's photo) is more traditional Country. A great cowgirl double bill - details below....
“Mianhe Seohyun-ah.. But i think this is the best thing for us.” I looked at her with a sorry stare. Honestly, i feel bad for doing this to her. But i dont have another choice, because i dont love her anymore.
With a mind toward this blog, I took this shot to show a before photo of the garden. We have had decent-for-August rains; the garden is looking full right now; I am happy with how it looks and wanted to remember it that way.
1. Israel must be preserved as a nation
I experience both fascination and repulsion in relation to the work of these artists. The visual elements of all of these objects and their careful arrangement force me to think about the extraordinary investments of desire we place on chosen commodities. We relish and examine minute variations, create meaningful juxtapositions, and take pleasure in arranging sets.
Stay awhile with me
Knowledge: do I know what to do if my horse tenses up? looks worried? spooks? Do I know WHY what I do with my horse works or am I just riding “mechanically”? Do I know how to help my horse relax?
Aside from that..
Now I don’t care what you say, but hopping 400m turns out to be a lot harder than some people thought. I think I had only completed the first 150m or so, my right leg feeling the impact of me (quite a large chap) jumping up and down on it and I had to stop for a few seconds. Upon going again it was clear this wasn’t going to be easy, just a few metres further and I stopped again. By the time I’d reached the 3rd bend the leaders were crossing the finishing line, a minor embarrassment but I was at this point ahead of Kat. By this point I was probably doing 10-15 metres in between short breaks when I realised a man dressed in a banana costume had crossed the finishing line.
One of the solutions some advance for solving the issue of climate change is a giant technical solution. If we could just launch a mirror into orbit, we could redirect the heat and solve the problem.
OK, it's really not that bad. Some people skip outlining altogether and just write on the fly, 'discovery writing' they call it. To me that's makes about as much sense as 'discovery shopping', where you go grocery shopping by just driving around blind and hoping you eventually bump into a store along your path. That seems like it would take a long, long time. Sure you probably see some areas that you wouldn't see otherwise.. but at what expense?
After the rue had time to boil a bit, I whisked in the milk mixture, added a teaspoon of salt, and put it over low heat until it thickened (it took about 15 minutes – just as the book suggested it would). Then I tossed it with the fettucini and served it to my timid diners.
Crane was shot dead in her car in November 2003, while traveling to the Johannesburg High Court to attend the trial of alleged Israeli mafia member Lior Saat, accused of murdering Crane's estranged husband near Sunninghill, Gauteng in 1999. Aa source close to Crane said that she knew too much, being able to identify and implicate a number of figures in the Saat murder case. She was the third state witness in the Saadt murder trial to be murdered; Julio Bascelli was shot in the head in a deserted garage soon after Avassi's death in 1999 and Carlo Binne was shot dead at the Gecko Lounge, a Johannesburg nightclub, in April 2001
“So how is my wife?”Ask Yoochun impatient. Junsu feels Yoochun squeeze his husband’s hold in his hand tighten make him chuckle.
Not the best idea when I discovered that there were two LG Dwarves in the party who hated UNDEAD and Druid! I was not evil just LN and believed that Necromancy could be used as a tool to serve mankind.
During focus groups they used color coded index cards as well with focus group questions such as “what would you suggest to improve” and then gave cards back to students and asked them to work together to categorize the cards. Then the facilitators used the categories as the focus for discussions. Dr. Beacham recommended also bringing some “jumpstart” questions in case they are needed. Another question they used to solicit information and discussion from students was: “what characteristics would you like to see in a facility that would become the heart of the campus?” To capture student input they recorded and video recorded the students in order to create a report on their findings.
It’s a sad but true fact of marriage: Troubled couples often try to hide money from each other, whether to spend it on extramarital mischief or keep from sharing it in a divorce. They might do anything from stashing wads of money in a safe-deposit box to setting up a secret online brokerage account to build up funds on the sly.
Under Mu'ammar Qadhafi's rule in Libya, the Muslim Brotherhood (MB) was outlawed, and conducted most of its activity from abroad. Now that many of its members have returned to the country, the MB is beginning to consolidate its presence in the political arena and has established a party, called Justice and Construction. Like the MB party in Egypt, the Libyan party presented itself as independent of the movement; however, the connection between the party and movement, both on the ideological and the organizational level, is difficult to ignore. Party leader Muhammad Sowan previously served as the head of the movement's Shura Council, and half of the party members are MB members.
If sources are to be believed ,“The Dirty Dozen” got along like a house on fire with mad antics both on and off-screen.
I should hasn’t to add that one woman’s poison is another woman’s holy grail. Mascara is a very personal thing and not everyone’s lashes behave the same way. I love the packaging of this, the product just isn’t right for me sadly. If big wands are more your thing (ooh er) this normally costs £6.99.
Well, of course, We drank beer. And wine. And some whisky.
CNN.
dress (so I dreamt in my boozy reverie)
F Marion Crawford – The Upper Berth
Have a great weekend,
10:30am: I grab 6 almonds (from a package I brought for everyone btw)
This shocked me, "That's it? Seriously?"
12. For A Vestas Co-op, argues that if the statements made by union leaders about the profitability of Vestas were correct, then workers should not limit themselves to replacing their exploitation by private capital for exploitation by a powerful State Capitalism. They should seize an important part of the new economy, and run it for their own benefit, and as an example to other workers.
of it. I love watching The Kardashians and every time I watch it I always see them in
In the 1960's, the CIA contacted Johnny Roselli, Sam Giancana and Salvatore Trafficante to help them assassinate Castro. Why the Mafia? Well Castro's rise to power had destroyed the Mafia's hold on the Casino's which they had controlled during the previous regime. They had lost millions of dollars when the Casino's were confiscated when Castro took over. Also, most of them still had contacts with disgruntled anti-Castro associates who would be happy to help them with the job. The CIA offered Giancana and Roselli a $100,000 to do the job, which they refused, happy to do it for free. Unfortunately, the Three Stooges could have done a better job. Despite the resources of both the Mafia and the CIA, they were never able to get the job done, despite repeated attempts. Everything was tried from poisoning his food to his cigars. In the meantime, Giancana used the services of the CIA, to have comedian Dan Rowan's dressing room and hotel bugged in Las Vegas to see if Rowan was having an affair with his girlfriend, singer Phyllis McGuire. The man sent to the job ended up arrested which almost blew the whole operation sky high. The revelations of the CIA plot to kill Castro was revealed in the 'Family Jewel' papers that were released. Roselli had actually tried to use the information to keep from being deported but the CIA didn't care. The attempts continued while Johnson was President. The question still remains whether JFK or RFK knew of the plot.
The trip to the dealership, twelve miles one way, was a blast from the past for me. When I last worked for Tedious Systems, it was the route I used in my daily commute. I don't miss that drive or the atmosphere at Tedious.
The BMO Vancouver Marathon Participates in First Global Marathon Twitterthon
By studying the way they use language effectively, writers can learn how to better express themselves.
MagBooths are available to rent and have become very popular at weddings. If you see one at a wedding or event near you please sit down, pull the curtain closed and let the booth inspire some silliness.
Daniel manages to get himself into a few more precarious situations that require the assistance of Nobles Green's finest pre-teen super heroes. Very soon they realize they must let Daniel in on their secret, even though he has no special powers to speak of. His arrival in town is more a gift than a burden to the supers, though. These young super heroes are on a quest to figure out why they lose their powers smack dab on their 13th birthdays. And, since they will all be turning 13 soon, Daniel will play a key role in the discover. Any time supers attempt to stay with another super on the eve of his or her 13th birthday, they also lose their powers. Since Daniel has no super powers, he can sleep over, keep vigil, and potentially figure out what goes on. You see, the super turning 13 has no memory of his or her super powers, and due to the this amnesia, loses contact with the group. Daniel is the lynch pin in a movement to help them extend their powers beyond the age of 13.
“I got the letter. Look.”
Anyhow, I had to use the darkness, so at the last minute I decided to use an element of behind the scenes, that of the undead masters capturing and killing dragons to become undead minions, and had a hunt take place right on top of them! The scene opened with the darkness (they had all week to wonder…) and then as the opening rolls they hear a huge crash and make reflex saves to avoid the massive redwood splintered above them in the darkness. The dragon lands at the base of the hill (elven sentinels call out signals of what happens) but Thrandour attacks! His wing is boiled off in an acid blast!
McPherson, James M. Abraham Lincoln. New York: Oxford University Press, 2009.
This is more of a description than a command because seriously, writing is more than work, it’s a sort of obsession. When I’m writing a book I often feel as though I’ve become a kind of computer running a continuous programme on the virtual world that is my book. I go to bed, wake up, walk the dog, drive to the supermarket, cook, wash, etc, and all the time the programme is running, turning up small bits and pieces of information I didn’t know I knew about my characters’ lives and where the plot is heading. It’s actually exhausting. Which is why…
Earlier this week, Adidas had issued a statement from Germany that said the company had discovered commercial irregularities at Reebok India.
We walked in the sunshine to our hotel - we were staying in a self-contained flat with kitchen and bathroom (Cosy's), which was a brilliant idea. Even though we never actually used the kitchen facilities, it was lovely to have a proper fridge for once, and the option of cooking, if we'd been so inclined. For longer trips, I can see it being a godsend - there's only so much cheese-on-things you can eat... The hotel was a little bit outside the centre of town, towards the castle and the zoo, and it was in a lovely leafy avenue near a university. We will be going back, I'm sure.
10 Great Expectations – Charles Dickens
In addition, keep giving in the House of The Lord; be
Billy, sweet first-love Billy, fell in love and married Samantha Simmons, the most popular girl in school. They made a lovely couple, and they had a beautiful wedding. Because Billy became a pharmacist and opened his own pharmacy, he has done very well for himself. Billy and Samantha had three beautiful daughters. The whole town considered Billy to be a fine, decent and respectable man. He had the perfect family, plenty of money, and he was extremely happy.
Or they might start gesticulating where is there food about 12 seconds after you leave the table with their order.
I applied straight on to my lips without any balm or primer. I didn't use lip liner as I wanted to see if it stayed or bled.
This one in my style - collaged.......
I’m even thinking about getting them all to write one final essay to see who meets the deadline, and who really wants to go the most, as for some of them there is nothing between them, whereas for others its clear cut.
that they managed to slow down for 5 seconds so I could snap a photo.
5) Gary, Indiana
This is something I can’t wait to try in my Pathfinder game on Sunday 7/25!
If you’re in Sydney during the club’s season, you should go check it out. Tickets aren’t too expensive — ours were $23 — and it’s a riveting atmosphere to be a part of. Warning: The Cove is not really suitable for children. Many toddlers, 10-year-olds and teenagers were climbing on the seats, but the section functions on profane language.
1 tsp olive oil + some
Most recently registered a nice 5 1/4 length win in a 6.5f MSW at Santa Anita and looks to have a promising future.
Acrylic paint in the colors of your choice (anywhere from $.75 – about $3.99 a bottle, depending on the quality of the paint, and the size of the bottle – dont forget to check the clearance section)
WAIT A MINUTE – it’s not over! I haven’t even started training and now I HAVE to run SEVEN miles! What did I just do?
Marge looked around in a small cupboard near his bed. As he rifled through bags and packets of shooting equipment he asked some questions about how I was getting on with the needle. I explained I wasn't organised yet and that injections still took a while and I'd without fail leave huge marks and still had trouble hitting even the huge veins, though I did always manage. Marge closed the little cupboard. I saw him pull a face. Then he was up and rifling through what would normally be sock drawers. “Oh Fuckery, I was sure I had some,” he cursed, “let me go upstairs and get one of Bill. Bill always has needles... and no gear!”
Obviously I need to define the recipe card lines a little better. The plate is concaved in the center and it was enough that I peeled off the stamp from the wood piece and then stamped (carefully). I now need to fire the plates and then I will move on to painting the leaves. In case you're wondering, I used porcelain paint on the stamp, not ink.
Elisa
What if I said the final solution to the Black problem would be pouring hundreds of millions of non-Blacks into all Black countries & ONLY into Black countries? How long would it take any sane Black man not to notice this? And what kind of psycho Black man wouldn’t object to this on ground of Genocide?
-1 tsp. cracked black pepper
How to Build an Intergalactic Time Travel Machine CD Fight the Octopus Records
be done according to the following script:
It’s also really annoying. I swear, some people don’t need to come out to as many people as I do every day. I’d like to be able to look really, really f*cking gay. I had the short, edgy Agyness Deyn haircut. I felt stylish, I felt queer, and I felt good. It didn’t tip anyone off and it started to feel foreign to me. I have to try too hard to be dyke-y. So, I threw out the studded belt, the men’s jeans, and the dyke humour tees.
harboring for one night that clench
Julian angrily tossed back the covers from his body and stared up at me harshly. For some strange reason, my heart skipped a frightened beat. And if I weren’t a woman in an already abusive relationship, I would have easily misconstrued this particular situation as nothing to worry about. But in this case, as I stand here staring down onto my husband’s unrelenting demeanor, I realized that this relationship could easily succumb to abuse. . .with me on the receiving end.
The local São Jorge cheese has been the most important part of the local economy (of Sao Jorges), resulting in the establishment of an order, the Confraria do Queijo de São Jorge, to promote the consumption and sale of this popular cheese.
The hours are long, he said, but you do get to make appearances on Letterman, which makes the whole thing worthwhile.
I had visited my soul twin and we explored the Swiss countryside, travelling to places where we had never been before.
Acts 10:44- The Holy Spirit came upon all who heard Peter’s preaching.
Answers in the box below, please and thank you.
Who are your most memorable mothers in children's books?
Fuck the dumb shit.
And all of it leading up to Christmas Eve - which is, incidentally, 20w5d. In case that isn't wholly clear, 20w5d is the gestational day at which I went into labor and delivered Gabriel.
Checks and balances—we fallible humans need three branches of government to hold each other accountable in order to avoid totalitarianism: legislative, executive and judicial. But in God’s kingdom, He does it all:
The chief executive of the Solar Trade Association Paul Barwell said “We’ve seen drops in installation with every policy adjustment, but we expect this one will take a bit more time to pick up.”
As an expectant mother you dream of your new child. You make plans and have hopes for her. You imagine holding her for the first time and seeing her little angel face. You try to get ready for the road ahead, making sure her room is perfect, her clothes are clean and ironed, you have the perfect pediatrician in place to care for her, you take your vitamins. Your whole world revolves around a person you have never met but you feel every second of the day.
- Annabelle eye: CAD3.99
So I am officially one of almost 2000 writers participating in Reverb10. “Reverb 10 is an annual event and online initiative to reflect on your year and manifest what’s next. Use the end of your year as an opportunity to reflect on what’s happened, and to send out reverberations for the year ahead. With Reverb 10 – and the 31 prompts our authors have created for you – you’ll have support on your journey.”
14-What would you wear to a fancy dress party?
If you read all the way to the end, thanks.
When three years of age, I fell into a caldron of scalding water and although instantly rescued, I was so badly burned that it was nine months before I was thought to be out of the danger of fatal consequences. My fifth and sixth years were interwoven with many accidents. On a certain day, in company with my elder brothers, I entered the barn, and chose the top of a hay mow for a place of diversion. We had not been there long before I fell from the great beam upon my face on the bare floor. I was severely hurt, but recovered in a short time, and was again at play.”
Honolulu International Airport has free wi-fi!!
I have been complaining for a long time now about our dishwasher, Paco, and the premature deterioration of the plastic baskets therein that hold cutlery during the dishwashing process.
And you were made with such care your skin your body and your hair
Cousin marriages has negative impact on intelligence, sanity, health and society. In Pakistan, 70 percent of all marriages are between first cousins (so-called "consanguinity") and in Turkey the amount is between 25-30 percent. Across the Arab world today an average of 45 percent (in some parts up to 70 percent) of married couples are related.
CHAPTER ONE: MEETING ANTHONY DAVIS
-Lap desk with glasses
Brewer does briefly admit that the numbers of undocumented immigrants coming into the state has gone far down recently, due to recession, but that information wouldn’t have helped her pass SB1070, the incendiary law discriminating against Latinos. She skipped the facts about crime rates being the lowest since she moved from California to Arizona in 1970. “This is a media-created event,” one sheriff told the Arizona Republic a week after Brewer signed SB 1070. “I hear politicians on TV saying the border has gotten worse. Well, the fact of the matter is that the border has never been more secure.”
Pre-Order
6. Feldspar
Not really. I eat at Chick fil A maybe once every couple months. Although, if this includes ice cream at fast food places then yes! I love sonic blasts, frosties, mcflurries, dairy queen (remember the answer to cravings?). Oh and Sonic’s mozzarella sticks are absolutely amazing and I will get those every once in a while.
Marc
Igitur Nos will sing the Mass for Five Voices by William Byrd and Loquebantur variis linguis by Thomas Tallis in liturgical context at high mass at All Saints’ Anglican Church, Ainslie, ACT, on Sunday 27 May 2012 at 9.30am for the celebration of Whit Sunday, or Pentecost.
People bully each other for many different reasons. A popular explanation is that bullies are insecure people who work out their problems and find the power and confidence they lack by bullying others. Sometimes this is true, but it’s not always the case. The bully may feel he has to act tough to impress his friends, who in turn are bullies. Maybe the bully has aggressive and unsympathetic parents. Growing up in a house where there is violence, a lack of love and positive influence can produce a very angry and aggressive person who communicates as he or she’s been taught: with anger and by inflicting pain. Sometimes the bullies are victims of bullying themselves and have a lot of anger and hurt to deal with. It is also true – and seldom admitted – that some people simply get a kick out of humiliating and tormenting other people and this is all the justification they need.
Anyway.....to the task at hand.....
There is so much more that could have been said but we wanted to try and keep it as short as possible. Have you noticed, for example, that many modern versions of the Bible seem to have been edited by Arians? Where is “the only begotten Son of God” in the NIV? 1 John 5:7 is reduced to a footnote. And so we could go on.
However, after Chua moved to UBS, HSBC reviewed the Chia accounts and requested that they be closed down, owing to the irregularity of such huge sums being channelled through it.
In a 1/2 pint jar add:
Maintaining Patience as it All Comes Together
Eric and I had talked about adoption before and he seemed to be on board "after we have our own children". I remember a very specific conversation I had with him one time about adopting and (after we were unsuccessful to get pregnant right away) he just didn't seem like that was what he wanted to do. I just remember him desperately wanting to have our own children first. So I just dropped the subject because there is not point in trying to convince him of something he doesn't want to do!!! LOL Plus, you don't want to bring a child into a home whenever both parents aren't on board, I feel like that is a disservice to the child. BOTH parents need to be ready and willing!
I took some pictures.
In this modern day and age, you're only one click away from whatever it is you may be looking for. But that does have its drawbacks. Yes, you can get an overview of the Napoleonic Wars, or what Prince George did in his first four months of the Regency, but those are generally bare bones factoids.
In the garden amongst the colorful, sweet-fragranced flowers.
Thi? ?as a ‘Bigeye Tuna” h? s?id, and it’s going t? go a?out eight? pound?. I could n?t belie?e ho? big h? w?s when ?ulled ont? the de?k. It took Joc?o and Whitey both to get him abo?rd ?sing two gaffs. A? the fish hit the de?k, h? slapped it hard with his t?il fo? about one ?inute. Whitey smacked him on the top of the head with ? ‘Loui?ville Slugger’, just to quite him down. I w?s grinn?ng from ear-to-e?r, ?nd dad was congratulating ?e to no end. Steven, ?y brother had caught t?o Yellowtail, averaging about 14-20 Lb? ?ach, and had h?s Jig back in the w?ter. We caught ?llot of fish that day, ?ut none ?s large as ?y Bigey? was. I didn’t get the Jackpot money, becaus? I ne?er got in the Jackp?t the night before. My Bigeye weighted in at 86 ?ounds 14 ounces, th? biggest fish boarded that day. It filled the bathtu? from end-to-end, when we got ho?e. His tai? stuck out of the end of th? batht?b abo?t eight inches, he sure was big.
Judy: Reich's book is not her most recent. I think it
I'm kind of glad, that would be weird.
At what point does an artist's work overshadow their personal issues?
Mobile phones are an indispensable commodity these days. Young and old, both have access to this piece of gadget, and for that matter, communication between and amongst individuals has never been easy. Over time, this latest technology has also become a way to express one’s individual identity. This is because; mobile phone owners have the ability to communicate their own style of statement through their choice of mobile phone brand, down to the selection of the make and model.
64. In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since. —F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby (1925)
Plastic free living is a huge overstatement right now. I use plastic every day, in all kinds of ways, though I've really cut back since I decided to give up single use plastics for Lent. I have lots of updates for you, but I'll start with food storage, since it's probably the easiest way to make a big impact in your day to day plastic consumption.
Honey to taste (optional)
Norman Campbell was a Wiregrass Pioneer who came to south Georgia with his family in 1829. His parents had come to America from Scotland in 1788, the same year the U. S. Constitution went into effect.
To yourself
In what will surely blow people's minds used to today's editing, Hitchcock follows up a 14 sec. shot with an 18 sec. shot. This shot is focused on the teller telling her co-worker that the man who robbed them is standing at the window. What really sells the shot to me is the third woman at the bottom of the frame who overhears this and turns her suspicious eyes in Manny's direction. Though there is no cut to Manny when this woman does this, as the space has been laid out in the previous shot.
After clubbing Hanna like a baby seal, Borgese felt the need to send me this piece of illogical tripe. Our special guest nematode is in italics. My response is in bold.
From: Steve Bornemeier
The rest of the project took time, reclaimed redwood slats, and a talented husband. (Lucky for me orthopedics is good practice for carpentry!) I got to plant the succulents as the finishing touch.
Look on line and there it is, oh precious perl of academia.
Phreak: I’ll never deal any amount of damage ever again…
On his salary, I wouldn’t have thought that would have been a problem.
Sitting in the newly painted playground with her son, Irina Danilenko, 31, said it was the only improvement she has seen in the five years she has lived here.
30-something: Life is good. I survived the mistakes of my 20s and thank God I’m smarter. I’m finally getting it together. I know who I am and that person is flawed and complicated, but still pretty darn great.
This is a form rejection even though the idea of no state sponsored witness protection is interesting.
Finally, a mention of Liechtensteiner skier, Tina Weirather, must be made. She had an amazing season in the speed events, finishing 2nd in the Downhill Cup, after missing all of last years races due to injury.
Under 16 Sunday Full-£35 Discount-£32
~ An outside fridge is wonderful except for when the kids are innocently playing outside and "need to open the garage door for a sec to get their bikes." Hairy Carey will ensue and the dozen or so eggs that are tucked into the cool confines of the fridge will be the poor unsuspecting recipients of the resulting craziness.
6. What's your favorite way to relax and unwind?
Temptation
We came back round by Fountains Abbey - a lovely National Trust property - not to go round it but to call in the rather nice cafe for a bowl of soup. Then we came back by a different route (you never know with my friend G which way you are going to go - she is a wonderful wanderer!).
Did I want to curl up into a ball and never get out of bed when I got the call? Yes.
Twitter followers: 1,155
It is true that Muslim extremists did commit the 911-attacks. But does that mean that it is rational to fear all Muslims? No. That is a logical fallacy: confusing-the-part-with-the-whole...
#36 Between 1991 and 2007 the number of Americans between the ages of 65 and 74 that filed for bankruptcy rose by a staggering 178 percent.
But I promised myself when I started this blog that I was going to be honest and real.
Things We Lost In The Fire - I've missed you, Benicio! But I will not be seeing your new movie, a story about coming to terms with . . . zzzzz.
So he got there. We talked to Mom and Gram for a while, and then went for a walk. Mostly because we wanted to be alone, but also because we’d both been sitting all day and kind of had ants in our pants.
“Champagne for my real friends and real pain for my sham friends”—an intimate Champagne salon-style gathering for writers, artists and gallerists, organized by Vivian Rehberg following her famous “Champagne Fridays” in Paris. Friday 17th, 7–9pm.
He's an amazing chef/BBQ master!
The surprise for me for June 1 was that my Dad died.
Are there plenty of plot twists and surprises? Several very good surprises which I thought would end up as bad ones.
Off-trade sales, which are always much more affected by seasonal fluctuations, are down by 3.6% in the year, although slightly up compared with the year to June 2011. The overall beer market is 4.4% down, which no doubt will give Don Shenker some cause for celebration. This may defer the arrival of the “tipping point” when off-trade sales exceed the on-trade, as the retailers seem to have largely passed on the recent duty increase, which has perhaps slowed the rate of change.
Made it through another week safely (I think).
What I wish I had photographed ten years ago, however, were the print galleries filling these streets. Their windows taught me more than years of art history courses--as did the windows of the 6e art galleries. It's difficult learning about French or other continental art when studying in the States, because it's little more than names and information--and who really feels that? Indeed, sometimes I wonder how we poor people stuck in the U.S. ever feel art at all, as even the prints of amazing artists are often sequestered away out of light. I had this friend who worked in an art gallery in Des Moines, Iowa, and he brought me in to see the prints and I was blown away by who was hidden in the filing drawers. Blown away. The same thing is happening here in Oklahoma--I chatted with someone who takes care of it--and holy moly. Meanwhile, Parisian streets in the 6e were filled for years with examples of prints that are TCF (to cry for), particularly from the Surrealists and Picasso. Since I'm not stupid--AND I want an Hermès Kelly first--I know those prints are bit out of our reach (cue: laughter). But:
(I'm still working on eating normal portion sizes again. It's really challenging.)
It is a 10" circular vintage"porthole" convex glass frame, and the collage itself is on the front and back of a piece of glass, with a dual-layer paper collage behind it. Super-deep!
He confronts Se Na again. Evil Future Sister-In-Law, how did Park Ha get the ticket with her name on it? If you say the envelopes were switched, how come the one Park Ha has has a stain left from the ink of the stamp that had been placed on the document?
The past 13 months
I awoke absolutely shattered. Four twelve-hour shifts in five days had exhausted my reserve tank. On top of this I had made an “emergency” appointment for EFT (Emotional Freedom Technique) first thing in the morning to tackle my current anxiety. It has done wonders over the past months. And it did wonders today! Despite the early start ( I could have easily stayed in bed a couple of hours longer).
1/4 cup packed light brown sugar
Simonstern quickly took a step back. The Lord lunged for him, but Simonstern had gained a quickness in an instant. He uncloaked himself to reveal two wands. The one in his right hand sent a fireball to the Lord, pushing in on his back. The guards instantly ran over to defend their leader, only to see the second wand summon a dire bear right in front of them. By the time the Lord got up again, another fireball was sent to knock him down.
If anything, they are anti-church.
Then came the nasty part -- killing and gutting them. We decided that killing them by freezing them was the most humane, so we added ice to the water they were in. I watched a couple of videos on youtube showing how to clean fish and then we spread a plastic cloth on the tailgate of the pickup truck and started in. As a former biology major, I started the dissection. After the first fish, I wasn't grossed out but it was hard and messy work. Fortunately, I didn't take any pictures. Jay and Kathryn pitched in and eventually we got them all cleaned.
Asia Court of Women on Crimes against Women
Planet Holly! I used to do my hair like this at night (minus the alien eyes, of course!) and in the morning, when you take the horns out, you're left with pretty ringlets. Holly has ballet this afternoon... what will Miss Marshall make of that? We had to wait until we got to school for the blue spray for the 'planet', which is why only the 'alien houses' are sprayed in the top pic. The eyes are stuck on cocktail sticks, with the points cut off. I do hope the scary hair doesn't make for scary behaviour, they were a bit hyper dropping them off this morning!
My son has basically rebuilt our unit and it now works better than it has since we moved in. He is a chemical engineering student and is really good at this stuff. He built the part I am referencing above for a minimal amount of money and it works beautifully. If you need any help building this part, let me know and I will hook you up with my son.
Economic aid should be linked to press freedom in Sri Lanka, veteran Tamil journalist J. S. Tissainayagam, who was released from government custody by international pressure earlier this year, said Wednesday. In his first interview since his release, Mr. Tissainayagam rejected arguments that �quiet diplomacy� would achieve better conduct from President Mahinda Rajapakse regime, and said �the more pressure that is put publicly, the more the government is willing to act�. He linked his own release directly to the government�s then efforts to retain the EU�s GSP+ trade concessions. Tissainayagam is currently a Nieman Fellow at Harvard University Journalism School in Boston.
Its a combination of a few things I do on a daily/weekly basis :( Unfortunately the crochet seems to make it ache even more and nothing but resting my arm seems to fix it! So annoying as I am so close to finishing a couple of projects...Hopefully it will be back to normal very soon!
(Terms are 6 months in length and we reserve the right to terminate your term at any time due to breach of contract)
What is on this bedside table of mine?
Election packets are due Monday, April 16.
Get sick of it!
Dead mountain mouth of carious teeth that cannot spit
1 tsp of sesame oil
No, please don't scratch anymore. I don't think I could handle it.
Cason recalled that while the drug interdiction specialist got to attend the repatriations of interdicted Cuban rafters about once a week and to travel around Cuba on drug-related trips with Interior Ministry officials, other U.S. diplomats could meet no one in the government other than the head of the Foreign Ministry’s North America department, Dagoberto Rodriguez.
It’s ANZAC Day, 25th of April. Ayton has had its march. It’s after eleven a.m. and I think there’s a two-up school going up at the sportsground. I might wander up. But then the ‘Goats’ are playing at The Lions Den today too. Decisions. The Den is up the other side of ‘that’ road, and I don’t really feel like having to run up and down again. I had to go to Rossville yesterday, in the big bus for the interschool sports day & cross country. I crawled over the bad patches, but it was a rock n roll ride for the kids.
”I think so… or maybe not.” What kind of doctor are you?
Mata asobou, ne!
The following is a diverse range of events representing many struggles, or as we see it many facets of the same struggle; against oppression for a free and just society.
Aecht Schlenkerla Eiche pours lighter than I expected, but it's a nice amber with a big head, though that may be a function of the bottle neck. The smell is smoke, and a ton of it, with some meat. The smoke is by far the dominating and overpowering flavor, but I do get some pork and there is a bit of sweet malt, too. It's like liquid bacon. Goes down quite easily, and there is no hint of the 8% ABV.
The battle for Earth will take all of Johnny's and his friends' strength and resolve.
As you can see, I have once again updated my blog background. I wanted it to be wintery. Of course, now that I see it all up and in my face, it looks kind of dreary, so it may change yet again soon! Thanks for stopping by after my hiatus. I'll try not to stay away so long next time.
Russ: “No, and apropos of his fellow-travelling, the first two rules of etiquette that I learnt were always to eat the label on the pumpernickel for good luck, and never to cross a picket-line.” (audience applause) “My father was put in jail for marching in a picket-line at the hosiery mill, which was the local industry in Lansdale.”
Now, since he was feeling much better, he decided to give a thought about his restless behaviour. He asked himself as to why was he tensed for a petty little thing? Because this was not the first time. There have been instances like this before. Just a week ago, Iqra had gone off to sleep while doing her project work. He was expecting a call or text from her at that time too but when he didn’t receive one; he went off to sleep himself. So why this restlessness now?
Photo Categories
I was going to use the following pictures for Steppin' Out Saturday, but never got around to it. Plus, honestly, who really wants a quasi fashion post about a dress I got six years ago, right? Anyway... my dress was from Nordstrom, boots are Steve Madden. Ryann's dress is Target last year, cardigan is from Old Navy, and her little silver sandals are by See Kai Run.
1 3/4 pounds zucchini, sliced
17.Which talent would you most like to have?
Something else can always go wrong.
Or they might ask for separate checks when they had the exact same things.
I am painfully living
Men OTOH, are raised to be more direct and straightforward and to not feel guilty about hurting someone’s feelings. This is why men will almost NEVER end up with a woman he is not attracted to AT ALL, and why most women will and can force themselves to be with a guy who she is really not attracted to b/c she doesn’t want to seem mean or hurt his feelings or b/c she feels it’s the right thing to do to not let him down since he “is a nice guy”.
“Well, they tend to cause trouble for everyone around them, if you know what I mean,” said Hermel.
Huge tracts of Sarawak’s rain forests have been depleted through uncontrolled logging so much so a huge ‘hole’ can be seen from aerial shots taken of the state.
I feel a sudden rush of power and blood to the head.
Once the chocolate had set I placed these on little round Christmas coasters (6 for $2 at the cheap shop) and the girls helped me wrap them in cellophane and finish with curling ribbon and little silver bells. They wanted to give a gift to every one of their teachers, and with some of them having up to 4 teachers each in their classes (assistants and special needs helpers, as well as team teaching pairs) it meant a lot of cooking, decorating and wrapping. But it was worth it when the teachers told the girls that they appreciated the home made gifts most of all.
H – yeah, I know.
I think, actually, that their respect for my authority is why we can enjoy each other's company so much. There are things that happen every day when we're away from each other that we can't wait to share with each other. We laugh at ourselves and each other every day. We can talk about the sublime and the ridiculous, and everything in between. And I do believe that when they are adults, we will still be close and share the highs and lows with each other often.
Happy Thursday everyone! I can't believe it is all ready November! Wow! Time sure does fly lately! :)
in the hearts
1. The date/girlfriend seemingly idolizes THAT friend:
Now, it should be no surprise that games are expensive. Despite our nostalgia, they were pretty pricey back in the day as well. And it seems like a strange thing to sympathize with since all the machines to run these games are a couple hundred dollars in and of themselves. I read an intesting article on Game Theory (which really confused the hell out of me, since it shares the same title as a game-mythbusters-type-series found on Screwattack that I like), about how games are actually cheap and could have the priced raised based on dollar per hour value (http://gametheoryonline.com/2010/07/28/video-game-prices-high-low-gamestop-retail/, and image below). I understand what he is saying from a business or statistics perspective, but you can say the same thing about how gasoline, by dollar per liter (or gallon), is the cheapest of the liquids we buy; and you would be just as hard pressed to justify the thought that that price should go up too.
I once walked in to an attorney’s office and as I often did, decided to use a comedic icebreaker to open up the conversation. I am known for using off the wall ice breakers as I feel they are more effective in stirring interest in the buyer as opposed to something cheesy like “how about the weather”. You have to be careful here though as I quickly learned when I told the secretary I was with the IRS and was there for their scheduled audit. She proceeded to freak out and promptly kicked me out after I told her I was just kidding. As it turned out they were tax lawyers and the IRS was a sore subject for them.
Strain the cooled cream through a fine-mesh strain into a small mixing bowl (so the sassafras pieces don’t end up in the glaze).
Looking out they know me, know me not,
My goodness has it been a rough several weeks! Just when I thought I was doing better, exhaustion set in! However, this past week has been very promising and things are definitely looking up. The trouble with that is, of course, everything else that has fallen behind while I have been out of commission gets first dibs on my time... And that means that all you lovely folks in blogland get the remnants. Sorry about that.
Dates Published: 1955
Its a sad, sad day when infatuation wears off.
How do people do it? Every now and then I think I might need to stop and have that break down I think I am destined to have.. LOL Then again every now and then I think.. I am ok.. Take me or leave me.. I hope you take me.. cause I am in need of positive moments~lol
Throughout the next upcoming blogs I’ll be previewing my opinion on each & every fear causing this dilemma, starting from the fear of “Guilt” to “Rejection” and “Inadequacy”; and your comments will be much appreciated upon this.
I am humbled by the generosity of others.
American chocolate manufacturers use 1.5 billion pounds of milk, which is only surpassed by the cheese and ice cream industries. In fact, the Americans are also responsible for eating half of the world’s chocolate products, consuming around 2.8 billion pounds of chocolates each year, or over 11 pounds per person.
diagonally to make the eyes. Afterwards, take both circles and put them
It took me three months to arrive at the stage where I could apply for full membership but I was happily ensconced in the very friendly reception while I waited. There is no critiquing in this area; the second level of membership leads you into an area which includes the ability to see and critique other people’s work and they yours. In order to get to this stage you must submit a piece of work to Litopia so they can gauge your seriousness towards the craft of writing – so you must, obviously, be past the stage of being able to edit your own work and produce a credible and creative piece of writing.
I am back and determined not to let those comments rob me of my joy and passion for blogging. I have simply the strongest desire to share my and my families story with the world. The recent hurdles I have had to jump have just served to reaffirm my blogging goals.
We're back today with another great tutorial - this one is from Becky on the Dahlia Flower that she used on a card in yesterday's post. Let's take another look at the card and then we'll get started with the tutorial!
Today in class we learned assessment of the breasts and genitalia. Usually we assess each other, but since assessment includes inspection and palpation, today we just watched videos and looked at medical models. Even that made some people anxious.
31. Go meatless for 1 day a week.
Among all the participating at the Challenge, someone will be drawn with the random system to win this fabulous Creatables by Marianne Design "Butterflies".
Long Train Runnin' - The Doobie Brothers (Dance Remix)
I thought about my Puerto Rican ways and how our families work. Men who work hard, and who are leaders; they will pay for everything, and they’d rather die than let you walk far or carry something heavy. A Latina woman is one who gives everything. She is the backbone of her family, but she is still under her husband, serving him and caring for him and her family every step of the way.
The truth is the negativity from outside the club is minimal in impact, the real problem is inside.
I did all in my current apprenticeship very lightly and happily! And Vladimir gave me a convincing and clear explanation of this: the experience of my previous incarnation… Vladimir gave me the opportunity just to see everything thus.
What would the perfect sign say? Why? If you had the chance to speak... what would you say?
No one else had been called, so why me? I ran down a list of recent crimes, looking for a conviction that might stick. Setting fire to a reportedly flameproof Halloween costume, stealing a set of barbecue tongs from an unguarded patio, altering the word hit on a list of rules posted on the gymnasium door; never did it occur to me that I might be innocent.
As you all know, it is DT Day! So Stretch those fingers and crack your knuckles because it is time to hop from blog to blog! If you have already come from the Just Wordz blog and saw the sneak peeks, then you can continue forward and check out the Design Team's Redonkulous creations at the links below. This week we have...
then there is this management team of people making decisions for the good of the company... uh... TOO MANY CHIEFS, WE NEED ONE LEADER PLEASE!!! some one to lay down the law, to kick some ass when necessary... and someone who is ready to stand up for us, the company, not a group of people ready to point the finger at someone else when things don't go exactly to plan....
To begin changing the beliefs that are in your subconscious you must sneak in the back door of the camp a sort of Operations Mission. You sneak up on your subconscious. Using the word 'you' instead of 'I'. You are beautiful, you are smart and successful. Basically you are using the subconscious against itself, like stealing the enemy's secrets or weapons and using them against them.
A little about St. Baldrick's if you don't know: St. Baldrick's funds more in grants for childhood cancer research than any other organization except the U.S. government. Last year, the Foundation has funded nearly $22 million in new grants – all because over 45,000 people shaved their heads! You can count on this donation being used responsibly. To see all the research being funded – by disease type, location and more – visit www.StBaldricks.org and click on "Where the Money Goes," then "View Grants."
At Christmas, Kamille was evacuated from her Peace Corp assignment in Alta Verapaz region of Guatemala, where she had been working with tea farming families. Martial law was declared, newly trained troops sent in to combat drug cartel violence….I pray you don’t have a point of reference for how I felt getting to wrap my arms around her (Life is so Great!) when we reunited in Dallas. Thank you God. I still cry when I think of it. Hoping to return and continue her goal to impart an understanding regarding the dangers of too much sugar consumption, thru her cooking classes, healthy teeth, and soda is not water awareness campaigns, she is emotionally very connected to her village people. Currently, she is working alongside Annalisa at her coastal salt extraction site, waiting. Faith alleviates my panic…usually, anyway. Her Valentine, Chris Barry, is there as well, building bottle schools for Hug It Forward (non profit). His presence adds to my peace of mind, and I am very grateful they found each other.
Stereo Hearts – I can’t stand the original but this version (which includes Samuel Larson) wasn’t too bad.
I have extremely strange dogs. And although they are the same exact breed they couldn't be more different. Oliver runs, plays, is super loud, and constantly needs to be entertained. Davinci is more like a cat. He does nothing, and is perfectly happy doing nothing.
“Why, my dear Roxanne, it is blood!” All but one of his companions gasped at this announcement. The grin grew broader.
I’ve been to a commodity chicken house as well as a processing plant. I’ve seen the kill floor. It was one of the most vivid things I have ever witnessed. Frankly, it was gruesome. Chickens in commodity plants can be processed at 140 birds a minute. Read that again. 140 birds a minute. In plants that process 140 birds a minute, one inspector checks about 14,700 chickens daily. Frankly, I question the food safety much less the impact on the animals and workers.
Ah -- from the Equator
Porton biondi
I adore simple but flavorful dal soups that are easy to digest. The most time consuming process for this recipe is the preparation, but even that won't take long. A creamy and spicy dish that pairs well with rice and naan bread. I always enjoy cooking Indian vegetarian dishes. The aromas are soothing and stimulate the appetite. That is also a reason why I enjoy visiting Indian grocery stores. There is always something new to explore and add to my overstuffed kitchen, and you will find all the ingredients you need for this recipe there.
Hagmann goes on to say that his sources tell him the concerns of the DHS stem from a collapse of the U.S. dollar and the hyperinflation a collapse in the value of the world’s primary reserve currency implies to a nation of 311 million Americans, who, for the significant portion of the population, is armed.
Lip Balms and Butters help in relieving dry, chapped lips and preventing moisture loss - and the addition of flavor and color only enhances the product and provides cosmetic benefits to the consumer.
Awake for ever in a sweet unrest,
“Now, when you pull on your sock,” he would say showing them through example, “I want you to make sure that there are no wrinkles or gaps,” as he put his own socks on. “Make sure your heel is full seated in the heel of the sock; run your hand over the toes and make sure to smooth out any bumpy areas.” Then he would show each player how to properly lace his shoes and tie them snugly so that there was no room for the shoe to rub or the sock to bunch up.”
To practice and learn how to colour like thee....
Saturday evening around midnight our cell phones are ringing and it is Jake... I have to admit, my heart skips a beat. It was Jake. He was at a friends house and a friend backed his pickup truck out of the drive way right into the side of Jake's parked car. The side was pushed in, the door would not close and the window was broken.
The pass rate for final-year students at public schools declined to 60.6 percent in 2009 from 62.5 percent the year before, the Education Ministry said in a report today in Pretoria.
* Which authors/stories did you enjoy reading as a child/teenager? How do you think they compare to the children’s novels available today? What do you think children of today want to read?
(top) Nancy Oakes, Thursday Februrary 9, 2012 Queen from Soho to Spadina, gel pen, graphite, tea and wax on paper, 6 X 8.5in, 2012
but movies that reinforce a doctrine bug me—like The Exorcist or The Omen (so the Catholic Church is right? Yipes…), or Raiders of the Lost Ark (so there was a guy named Moses and these tablets are from a mountain where they were carved by the flaming finger of Yahweh?).
And drank alone
Stamps: Up in the Air
Apply for more student loans
Still with me? Well I also thought you might like to see how I work. I've read a few posts by other bloggers who have shown their sketches/ drawing boards and I think it's interesting to see the process. Here's my messy notebook: anyone do something similar?
Acidosis or high acid levels can be linked to insulin sensitivity, obesity, osteoporosis, Parkinson’s, coronary artery disease, liver and kidney disease for starters. It can also cause damage to organs like the heart or brain long-term. This condition also prevents you from loosing weight, can cause premature aging and wear out your immune system by overloading it with toxins.
The ironic thing about my editing woes is that, after deciding to go with a new novel and starting it out strong, one of the writing podcasts I listen to, The Dead Robots Society, rolls out with http://deadrobotssociety.com/2012/01/16/episode-208-learning-to-love-editing/. If you are interested in writing and/or publishing your work, I recommend this podcast. They have round table discussions on aspects of writing with advice and suggestions that I have found helpful in the years I’ve been listening to them. They also have other writers, publishers, independently/self published authors, and others who have podcasted their work to build up a strong following of fans. They can be reached at http://deadrobotssociety.com. Their website also includes a forum with the Crypt – a forum where you can read others work to offer constructive criticism and where you can post your work for the same.
In contrast, the Bee played favorites to Mr. Hudson by saying his negative was not signing a document—really? That’s the best they could come up with?
Today I watched you play with Freddie. You rugby tackled one another, giggled, screached, banged your heads on the wooden floors, hurt yourselves numerous times but got right back up and got on with it. I am not used to seeing you play with boys your age, younger girls maybe… but this is what Brighton’s all about. I have so much to learn about you and so glad I’m now working part time so that I can do that. Life is short and as much as I was holding my breath hoping that you wouldn’t crack your head open (!) and play safe, I was smiling inside because I’m experiencing just what I want to be; you hanging out with a friend in our home.
My first encounter with it was during the 1994 World Cup. Amongst the grizzled old pros in the studio were a succession of glamorous female co-presenters, all of whom seemed to resemble Anita Ekberg in La Dolce Vita. Coming from the UK, where the only concession to glamour was Jimmy Hill occasionally sporting an unusually colourful tie, this was a bit of an eye-opener. Nevertheless, even with a shaky grasp on the language, it soon became obvious that their television wasn't that great, and, in the intervening years, things have declined further. The blame for this can squarely be laid at the door of Silvio Berlusconi, a man with a seemingly perfect record of taking things that were poor to begin with and contriving to make them worse.
She breaks the rules, gets called on it--repeatedly--and then says SHE was disrespected.
It’s a little pedestrian in pacing, but after the uncertain beginning, this film is more than worthy of the series. I actually prefer it to REVENGE and CREATED WOMAN. The Monster is preposterous (and not from Hell) but then, Christopher Lee’s makeup was just a lot of silly putty. The Baron’s theory that a beautiful mind would render those features agreeable was never really put to the test, was it?
In the playpen…woo…(all night long)
The crowds of cheering, clapping people were awesome, and so were the bands. It felt epic to run with so many able-bodied people.
Refrigerate, covered, over night.
It's an interesting place, but noisy at night and as I usually like to read when I'm alone, I don't go often. We had a spirited conversation about Lost and sending NSFW-but-rather-tame photos to friends' cellphones. Now that there's sufficient medical applications for the iTouch, I'm starting to think about getting one. You know, for work.
The time draws near when the Light may hold the final victory, but
Is that the award-winning recipe? I have no idea. I’m still experimenting and trying to figure it out. Maybe it has something to do with my sh*tty Linkedin account. No clue. If anyone else knows, please tell me. I’ll devein all of your shrimp for the rest of your life, if you find me the answer. Hell, that’s what I’m here for.
Sigh. I want summer. In summer I travel with floaty skirts, tank tops and fun fluffy things. I can't wait for that.
Small appliances
As one of the male characters begins his diatribe about how Americans’ ideas of “relaxing,” are working themselves to the bone all week just so they can lay around in their pajamas on weekends, drink six packs of miller light, and watch other people live their lives on TV- he presents to the audience the concept of la dolce far niente, or the sweetness of doing nothing.
Unfortunately, the private sector in Europe has the same cringing approach as their counterparts in the United States. Instead of boldly saying that corporate boards are a private matter for shareholders to decide, representatives from big companies accept the intrusion and merely complain about implementation.
This fire is rising,burning to find you.
Sydni Deveraux
by Sam Levenson
There are so many demands on our time — families, housework, jobs for those of us still in the traditional workforce — it can seem impossible to eke out even a few minutes to write. I’m here to tell you, though, that The Dream, whatever The Dream constitutes for you, is never going to come true unless you find time for it.
It hasn't been easy over the last 2 years to stick with this decision, the school she's at seems to find it hard to focus on the individual child; but her actual teachers have been fantastic, she's thriving and she loves school. And our hopes that her horizons would be broadened have been realised, she knows so much about tolerance of other kids' beliefs and festivals. OK so she has less school given knowledge of the Bible, but she has a strong christian faith and enjoys talking to muslims and hindus about their own experiences of God.
Halve the cucumber lengthways, then use a spoon or a melon baller to scoop out the seeds.
But what did I make of Between the Acts? Like all of Woolf’s books that I’ve read so far it takes some digesting (hence the delay in posting my review). I enjoyed reading Between the Acts, perhaps not so much as Mrs Dalloway or Orlando, but I did enjoy it. I think Woolf is a very acquired taste – it’s certainly not going to float everybody’s boat, so to speak. If you’re after a linear plot, characters who explain themselves and some sort of immediately discernible sense in the events which transpire on the page then you won’t like Woolf, that’s not what she’s about. Woolf’s writing is haphazard and eclectic, appearing as if she has merely dropped ideas and characters onto the page and is, herself, waiting to see how they turn out. There’s no rhyme or reason. There’s no obvious purpose for the story. Between the Acts very much conveys the impression to the reader that they’ve just woken up and found themself a fly on the wall in the lives of the Oliver family. You’re allowed a glimpse of one day, and that’s all, don’t be greedy; but you can discern a lot about people in one day. Though we are very much held at arm’s length, and encouraged to merely observe the story’s characters, the act of observation is not without its rewards.
inhale the sweet scent
Writers: always be cautious of a business that spams you (and always suspect spam if you receive a solicitation out of the blue). Never trust an offer that sounds too good to be true. Always research any offer you're thinking of accepting (and be aware that dodgy companies are anticipating this; RealWritingJobs has seeded the Internet with fake reviews that cleverly incorporate the word "scam"), and never fail to read the fine print (all of it. Even the boring parts). And don't pay for a service you can get somewhere else for free!
I was watching her give birth to 2 baby bunnies – right in front of my eyes.
When we ask a saint to pray for us, just the same as when we ask our friends to pray for us, we pick a saint who we feel understands our travails. But I think St. Monica is a good choice for another reason.
inspired glistening vine. I hope you enjoyed my tutorial and will make your own glistening vine! Please
Aside from her musical talent, a lot of girls idolize Beyoncé for her fashion sense. Her one of a kind style has been her trademark even during the early days of Destiny’s Child. Her mother Tina Knowles used to design and create clothes for the girls. As the girl-group’s popularity rose, more and more fans took notice of Destiny’s Child’s unique fashion style and this eventually prompted Beyoncé and her mother to consider launching their own fashion line. In 2005, they launched The House of Deréon. This line, named after Beyoncé’s mother Agnez Deréon, represents three generations of Deréon women. Its tagline “Coutour.Kick.Soul” shows each generation’s contribution to the House of Deréon look. In 2006, Beyoncé and her sister Solange launched Deréon. With the tagline “Where the sidewalk and catwalk meet”, Deréon is a lower-priced ready-to-wear fashion line that caters to a younger market.
I appreciate the sentiment, but I didn’t need anybody’s Official Okay to pray. I’m already on it.
Markets in North America and Europe declined as Sarkozy loses in round one of the French election and indications in China show a growth rate that has slowed to a modest 8%…..really only 8%. The Dutch cabinet resigned after failing to get approval for its austerity budget from the coalition government.
But what about our heroes? As any hero is only as good as the villain he encounters, the same is true in opposite; what good is a villain without a hero?
2) I became aware for the first time, of the destructive potential that comes with all the increased amount of energy you wield when you are going through creative and spiritual growth. Once you are aware of it, there’s really no choice but to just be more conscious and careful about it. It’s easy to destroy things and show the world what a big cheese you are, but that doesn’t bring you any closer to people and doesn’t make responsible, constructive use of the gift.
Shook it to death.
Beginning with the lcd1970gx nec review, represented by Walter Tenney Carleton, NEC became the first Japanese company joint venture with Mitsubishi Electric and it was very surprising looking the 3520 nec review a problem, this notebook is very easy to find the lcd1970gx nec review can always check on the ht1100 nec review, the l1 nec review in the corporation therefore make sure that cost are reduced and that will pay for any company.
Now what I'm about to show you is a tad bit scary....for me anyway. You are about to see exactly why she needs a full restoration...
I think the power has been drained out of a lot of female heroes. Sleeping Beauty for example. Totally, and literally, passive. She does NOTHING. Snow White again, after all the warnings she STILL eats the apple and has to be saved by the prince. Cinderella is another. Her only real ability is to look good in a dress. Good grief! Those are not the sort of heroines I’m interested in.
...Does anyone else see headlines like "Rebel Troops Re-Take Libyan Town" and automatically snicker and wonder if the Rebels are being led by a white robed, cinnamon-bun coiffed, tiny little princess and her faithful droids?
With Special Guests:
Bella is in production right now and will begin shipping Tuesday, March 9. We will start taking pre-orders for Bella on Friday.
Also, I hope that there is a positive subtext there. It is possible to reject the way that we've been led to believe that Christmas must be. We can always choose to do it differently.
WELL, we have accomlpished both, successfully! -Horray!!
Peter and John went to the temple at the hour of prayer according to Acts 3:1. Under the administration of the law, that was where God dwelt. In Exodus 25:8, He commanded, “And let them make me a sanctuary, that I may dwell among them.” Not having the Holy Spirit, the people of Israel could only worship in the tabernacle, later to be the temple. That is the reason why the Ethiopian eunuch had to go to Jerusalem, according to Acts 8:27, “for to worship.”
easyJet delayed us by 40 minutes on the flight back to Glasgow. Craig has resolved that he will never fly again internally in the UK.
Combine cookie crumbs with melted butter and lemon zest. Butter well a baking spring form pan (use parchment paper if you want) and press the biscuits to the bottom to make the base. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
I don’t mean to sound cynical, or pretentious. Honestly. I’m just calling it how I see it.
It's been a while since I made a journal page just for me so I was happy to have found some time this week to be able to indulge a bit. The background for this one I actually did a while back so it was all ready to go. The rest just fell into place really. The image was tucked into the back of my journal as, at the time I had no idea where I would take it but for this page it seemed to fit right in and what's more it must have been calling out to me because it's actually a photo of my late Grandmother when she was a young girl and today - 4th May would have been her birthday.
Summer break and Christmas holiday are one in the same here in South Africa, and it’s the big vacation time of the year. Mike did an amazing job of planning a 3 week vacation for us to 3 wildlife parks, the Drakensberg Mountains and the Golden Gate Highlands through Eastern South Africa and Swaziland.
If you were in the audience, watching your movie, how do think you would have liked it?
here is the truth about river song or is it!
Performance, sound and song selection: 4 fists.
P signifies: “(Proof): Death Certificate Observed”.
(2) Taxation changes. If the legislative route is seen to be too difficult then the government can deliver its commitment through changes to the tax system. Take the scenario illustrated above. The rent specified in the upward-only lease is €100 per sq foot per annum. The current market rent is €45 psf. A change to the tax system might see the difference between the current market rent and the lease-determined rent, €55, taxed at 100% and a tax allowance of the same given to the tenant. This is Proposal A. There is a second proposal, Proposal B which would further penalize the landlord by taxing him at 100% of the difference PLUS 10% and would not pass all the benefit to the tenant by only giving him 90% relief on the €55 difference. This would be to pay for the cost of administering this tax system and also to encourage landlord and tenant to agree a market rent.
The good news is that the mania for gloves is not universal. The British Library even has a video explaining why they are not always a good idea: a necessary corrective to the glove propaganda put out by the documentaries. Nevertheless, friends have told me that some archives, particularly small local ones, are beginning to fall for the glove delusion, perhaps because the public expect to be asked to wear gloves after what they have seen on TV.
March 23 - Elizabeth Taylor, actress ("Cleopatra"), 79
Lovely giveaway! And thanks for pointing Sarah Vedeler out to me (yes, apparently I'm covered by a large slab o' rock). She seems really nice and down to earth, plus quite the talent; and well done you for giving such a good interview. Of course I'd love to win a bundle of fabric, so here's hoping my number gets picked!Seriously, you can't make this stuff up! How funny!
I read blogs by young women who should have their mouths scrubbed out with soap, and regularly. I've made the mistake sometimes of speaking my mind, to object to something, or someone's attitude when it would have been better to zip it, and I've caused problems for myself. I get to feeling righteous when there is only one who can be truly righteous.
Hail to the Hidden Protector of Alexander–Rejoice! You are praised!
¼ kilo Bean Sprouts
They should have left us alone, stuck to the protocol. But no, they ha to fiddle and fuss, finding new ways to make smarter robots, they achieved it and we got mad.
HOW TO BLOG FOR INTERNATIONAL AUDIENCES
Speaking of filming… that video that should have been completed in January… The footage is all there, and mostly edited. It just needs polishing. But, to say I’m lacking motivation for this first video is an understatement of “Space is big!” proportions. The problem is not a complex one… the footage is simply shit! We can’t film it again because the location is no longer available to us, so I have to make my peace with it, but I really just want to lie on the carpet kicking and screaming. It really is that bad folks. But, it’s part one of three, and filming is almost complete on part two so I just have to get through it. It’s a bit like having to remove a 9 week old Rhino corpse from the kitchen table before you can sit down and enjoy a really good meal. Sure, you could simply burn down the kitchen and spend the next year eating Chinese food off the living room carpet, but sooner or later someone is going to ask what happened to Reginald the oversized house-pet, and why we don’t go in the kitchen anymore. Besides… I really like that kitchen table.
Just to include for completeness, N- adds at the end of section 40 what may be an important glimpse of how he sees others see him, leading to a profound misunderstanding, ‘Every profound spirit needs a mask: even more around every profound spirit a mask is growing continually, owing to the constantly false, namely shallow, interpretation of every world, every step, every sign of life he gives.’ I do not think it is too large a stretch to assume that N- saw himself as a ‘profound spirit’ and that his view of how others viewed his work as the gradual accrual of a ‘mask’ of ‘false, shallow interpretation’ of his message.
shade of animated clay.
Melt butter over medium heat in the same saucepan you used to cook the noodles. Whisk in flour until it boils and thickens. Slowly whisk in evaporated milk, followed by one cup of water until mixture is thickened and bubbly. Then stir in beaten egg, salt, sharp cheddar, Parmesan, Romano, mustard powder and ground pepper, and stir until cheese is melted.
As you can see, it's a 3 bedroom, 2.5 bath house with an awesome loft and walled-in backyard which is complete with a covered patio that looks out across the mountains. I'm so incredibly excited and I can't wait for the entire process to begin so I can share all of the details!
Anthony Turton told the BBC that unless South Africa increased its spending on water, it was heading for disaster.
My name is Idzie Desmarais, and I'm a 20 year old lifelong learner who lives in Montreal, Quebec with my wonderful family.
Roast for 30 minutes, turning occasionally, until nicely golden.
Gene Simmons – Chaim Witz
Eventually, Mark kept quiet and asked “do you have any questions?” I looked down for a moment as if trying to think, when I knew I was trying to time the next roar to my words, when out of no where and unexpectedly a resounding growl came out of my stomach. I was totally mortified, “kill me now” I thought and managed to mumble “no, thank you!” Even when I had a lot to ask, but I couldn’t. I just wanted to run out of there with my growling bowels.
I’m glad I’m here. I really truly am. I’ve been glad to be here this whole time, but it’s incredible how that gladness has evolved. At first, it was a shallow gladness. A gladness just to be in a place that was new, to be escaping the places and people that conjured up last semester’s bad feelings. But, recently, I’ve been feeling something new. A deeper gladness. It’s a gladness that I fought for a while because sometimes I’m afraid of feeling things (and don’t look at me like that because I know you are too!!)…
The sound of the bells and the breeze on my face was soothing. But then i became uneasy. I felt a presence in my room. I knew someone was in my room. I tried to open my eyes, but i couldnt. I was still paralysed in my body, but i began to panic. I tried to open my mouth to shout, but nothing came out.
This High Priest of ours understands our weaknesses, for he faced all of the same testings we do, yet he did not sin. So let us come boldly to the throne of our gracious God. There we will receive his mercy, and we will find grace to help us when we need it most.
Breakfast foods: cage-free eggs, organic granola and organic and fat-free yogurt, a variety of fruit (mango, apple, kiwi, pear), organic fruit loops, buckwheat pancakes with raw local honey, whole grain whole wheat bread with raw local honey.
So here goes my rant: What the hell is wrong with music today? Why is it that the baby boomers and gen Xer's music actually rocks and the crap the kids listen to today sounds like folk on prozac? How can you have a punk attitude when wearing clothes from the Gap?
TCM Night at the Movies: Merry Christmas! (2011) ... TCM ... 10 PM
Now, what was I thinking as I woke up? It'll be on my mind today while I'm at church doing my best to keep my mind on other things.
Afterwards, we go to my In-Laws house to open presents. A Christmas Story is on the TV in the background.
OUTSTANDING ORDERS as of End of Day 09/30/2010 settled by End of Day 10/31/2010
Instruction:
xo~
1. How many amendments does the Constitution have?
So here's my new sewing station, all assembled and ready to go. I can't wait to get started!!!
and merciful to us.
Brevard deputies arrested 46-year-old Sharon Myers on charges of first degree premeditated murder and armed burglary. According to the Sheriff’s Office, the warrant was issued after Grand Jury testimony earlier Tuesday.
I came home smelling like tear gas and burned trash. I saw marble rock flying, drums bumping, trash burning, people screaming, fore rockets exploding. It was moving, awesome, crazy and unbelievable. But appears that the main part takes place at this moment.
no flotsam
“Well she did not called out to me, she is only singing.” he mused in his heart as he settled down on one of the rocks.
The contempt of the agents and the federal arm by who they are employed is made plain by the fact that they give no warning when executing these hijacks, as well as the unnecessarily large police presence, when there is no hint of violence erupting (one video of the protestors on YouTube shows dozens of officers surrounding the few peaceful individuals). I think this provocative action indicates that the intention is destruction or at the very least, debilitation; over this there can be no quarrel. As Steve DeAngelo of the Harborside Health Center pointed out last year, “Federal prosecutors are not trying to clean up the regulated medical cannabis industry; they are trying to destroy it”[1] .
Nature Abounds at Fort Canning Park
First run: 2.21 (so far the best)
- You have amnesia that you just got in trouble for calling people an “idiot” and act like you didn’t know your not supposed to.
The rep might suggest talking to his/her manager, but, again, politely say,
It is about schizophrenic delusions and the editing between reality and fantasy is exceptional.
Adyashanti asks us to let go of our struggles with life and open to the full promise of spiritual awakening: the end of delusion and the discovery of our essential being. In his fifteen years as a spiritual teacher, he has found that the simpler the teaching, the greater its power to change our lives. In Falling into Grace, Adyashanti shares what he considers fundamental insights that will “spark a revolution in the way we perceive life,” through a progressive inquiry exploring:
Jocalyn, I want you to know, that I do believe that Kendall will continue to learn and progress in whatever setting she is in. I see her someday in a classroom using technology to express her ideas, needs and opinions. Will she learn "differently"? Some people might say so...but I have to wonder... who is she being compared to? There is no other Kendall Briggs to compare her to,,, so the way I see it, she is learning the way Kendall Briggs was meant to learn. The point is SHE IS LEARNING. :)
-Oh ya and a Coca-Cola, teehee.
Paper - Very Vanilla, Fawn Bazzill, Paperie
Jester King has also designed a 8000-square-foot rustic beer hall along with their brewhouse and plan to host tastings, festivals and special events at the brewery site.
L’oreal Eye Highlighter Pencil in Peach Chrome
And as I was leaving, he smiled, reached into a veggie box and said: “I’ll throw this in for free, ok?”
3. Remove the sausages from the dish and add remaining stock and rice to the dish.
Of 27 groundwater measuring sites across England and Wales, 11 are exceptionally low – down from 14 last week – with another eight still below normal.
My psychologist and social worker both said that I should not be frightened by having anxiety at this time of transition. I am really starting everything from new. A new place and part of the city to live in that I’ve never been in before asides from twice to go to the rehab program for interviews/meetings, new people, all new people, new friends (hopefully!), a new apartment to live in sharing with another girl and hoping that she’ll be nice. New work. Doing rehab kind of work for a minimum of 3 months and a maximum of a year, depending on the individual. Then going back out in to the real world and finding a ‘regular’ job. The rehab work is in their workshops doing various things. Like folding papers and putting them in to envelopes, then sealing the envelopes. Then they have a wood workshop making children’s furniture and a sewing room making blankets for babies/kids and toys and bibs, various things. I hope that I’ll be able to fit in to something that I am both good at and enjoy. Filling those envelopes for 3 hours was pretty painful! But I sat with another 10 people of so doing that and they seemed pretty satisfied with the work. I guess that people are just on different levels. Some were in a worse situation mental health-wise and some were in a better state.
And thus God said to Adam, “Because you have listened to the voice of your wife, and have eaten from the tree about which I commanded you, saying, ‘You shall not eat from it’; Cursed is the ground because of you; In toil you will eat of it All the days of your life. Both thorns and thistles it shall grow for you; And you will eat the plants of the field; By the sweat of your face You will eat bread, Till you return to the ground, Because from it you were taken; For you are dust, And to dust you shall return.”
It's so incredibly lame when someone comes into my bar, acts like a jackass and then when they complain to me about how I gave them attitude, pull the "I'm a bartender" card. If these people really were bartenders they would:
Be that as it may; even a very basic understanding of evolution, as applied to human progress/development, shows that the sustaining and development of a specific environment is inextricably linked to the innate skills of those who have adapted (to) it. For example, an 14th-century European would've perished in an environment in which an Eskimo has thrived for ages. Similarly, a 16th-century Pacific Islander would most probably have died ignobly in London at the time from some or other venereal disease, or smallpox. Nature is merciless and morality is, unfortunately, a mere contingency when it comes to brutal survival.
If you are an expressive person who has not yet heard of men’s Vestal watches it may be time that you do, because Vestal watches are designed to allow people to connect with the energy that exists within them. It is for this reason that many people feel drawn to the designs of men’s Vestal watches at first glance, since each model is designed to capture a different emotion that is present within people. However, this should not confuse those who love contemporary designs because Men’s vestal watches are still extremely stylistic in appearance and quite attractive.
6. Leo Tolstoy “War and Piece”
The Shabby Girls thank you ALL for sharing your special paper crafting talents with us here in the Tea Room! The talent and inspiration was over the top gorgeous this week! With 122 beautiful submissions, it was next to impossible to choose one winner, 2 tea time terrific top three honors and 6 honorable mentions, so this week we have 12 honorable mentions!! And now, without further ado, here are the creations that caught my eye this week for capturing the essence of the 'Buttons and Bows' challenge:
Here are 5 of my favorites from SSSC155:
This combined great with a lovely fresh salad and the prawns with was served with a delicious home-made spicy, dipping sauce. It was divine.
Burglary 20.5 76.1
"They are questioning our leaders and their capabilities. They are feeling disillusioned," said research director Andrea Kraushaar.
Think stomach cramps that hurt like you've swallowed hot coals.
Tape measure
Happy Friday, everyone! I got Instagram on my phone a couple weeks ago and I've been totally loving it! I'm so glad they finally made it available on Android. (I'm pitterputterstitch if you want to follow me.)
and Linda La Violette local Food Professional/ Former Gourmet Shop Owner, Caterer to Movie &TV sets.
Ras Mbisi is a small remote ‘beach meets bush’ lodge on the ‘secret’ island of Mafia, just off the southern coast of Tanzania. Ras Mbisi offers simple, elegant, barefoot luxury. With white sandy beaches, dazzling aquamarine waters and refreshingly few tourists, Mafia is the way Zanzibar was 30 years ago, the cool laid-back eco-alternative.
“Really?” Janette seemed surprised. “Maybe the master is resting and isn’t taking calls. He has been doing that a lot lately.”
I also went by the Kruidvat Outlet Store, and there I found these lovelie things for a very small amount of money.
When he might have won had he stuck it out;
"The news could have been more open, better,'' said Javier Solana, the European Union's top foreign affairs representative, according to the EFE news service. "I'm not sure that the transition has begun from the political point of view.''
Add the butter, egg and milk and mix together quickly. Add the fruit and chocolate and mix in as briefly as possible, avoiding over-mixing, as long as there are no dry bits of flour.
“In this rush to indict,” Cooney concluded, the department decided “to cut off an investigation.”
Here are a few suggestions that will help you make the most of your relationship with your doctor. They are for your benefit as a patient, because the more you know, the more empowered you will feel.
"The most important scientific revolutions all include, as their only common feature, the dethronement of human arrogance from one pedestal after another of previous convictions about our centrality in the cosmos."
Getting down to the nuts and bolts of it all: The lamb chops were tender with a lovely flavour and served very rare. Anyone with an aversion to blood might have a problem with this one.
A few days ago, the most talked-about trial in the history of Charlottesville, Virginia — ten miles from my home — finished with a guilty verdict of second degree murder of the young woman pictured above, Yeardley Love. The jury found that the defendant, her ex-boyfriend, had caused her death by brutally attacking her after he smashed through her locked bedroom door. Although both were college lacrosse players at the University of Virginia (UVA), and therefore in good shape, the murderer was much taller than Yeardley, and significantly outweighed her.
This card's color scheme is so soft and original, so pleasing to the eye. I love it! You can visit Randi's blog by clicking here.
And I just sat there....
I added the handle back on and put the nightstand back in its corner. But it still looked like it needed just a little something more. So I decided to add a striped border around the edge. I pulled out a roll of painters tape and taped off a border.
In the latest case where a 15 year veteran Constable of the Ontario Provincial Police was laid to rest Friday, happened by the most heinous of circumstances, a traffic stop, and an ambush. Cst. Vu Phan of the OPP didn't even have the chanceto draw his service weapon and was murdered in cold blood, shot in the head, by a 70 year old man who most certainly was an EDP. Back up officers arrived on the scene and an ensuing gun battle took part with more than 20 shots fired, thankfully Cst, Phan was the only Officer hit or this could have become one of Canada's worst weeks for LODD's since the ambush killings in Mayerthorpe AB. At least the shooter's family ' did the right thing' and took the perp and cold blooded cop killer off of life support, ending the need for a lenghty trial, and putting Cst. Phan's family through more grief, and the bringing back of painful memories of that tragic morning at 10:45 when Cst. Phan gave his all. Even though the perp is dead it will not bring back our OPP Hero and Brother LEO, who I sincerly is finding eternal peace and restt for a job well done, and one he so very much loved to do.
Saturday 12:00 – 2:00 My Tutoring hours open to CX students.
12. Dead Chickens - "Psycholomedo"
Andy, of walkforcleanwater, is working to raise money for wells, in parts of the world where people don't have the luxury we take for granted of clean water.
I am SO happy to be posting today! My sweet stamping friends just couldn't let me stay away for long, so they asked me if I'd be willing to dust off my things and stamp once a month, Just For Fun. Yep, I'm back with the JiFFy girls! :) Here's how it works: one of us picks the image, and another picks the paper, and we all put them together and see what happens! And it's always Just For Fun.
The problem with it as a statement is that it would suggest that there are two separate activities and that the brain is a like a piece of machinery. That's to say, the machine is programmed to do something and then, and only then, it can do it. Luckily and wonderfully, the human brain isn't a machine. Amongst many things it's a reflecting, contemplative, reasoning organ. It looks, thinks, adapts, changes, asks questions, alters what it's learned and of course enables 'performance' ie speaking, writing, moving, dancing, facial expression etc etc.
A Norwegian fella wants a job, but the dean won’t hire him until he passes a little math test.
The problem of homegrown radicalization in Mauritania is further compounded by its interconnectedness with transnational factors like illicit trafficking and regional terrorist networks. The country has traditionally played a central part in trans-Saharan trade as well as cross-cultural and religious exchanges and influences. Due to its location and vast and porous borders, Mauritania has been especially vulnerable to all kinds of trafficking, including arms. That has also put the country at risk of becoming a major transit route for global cocaine trafficking. Leaked confidential documents from the U.S. embassy in Nouakchott reveal such concern and raise the specter of Mauritania becoming a new drug-trafficking hub.
So what then do we do? We TRUST. We filter all our thoughts that the bible tells us to take captive through the Bible and ask the Holy Spirit to give us discernment. We believe and trust Gods word and always default to that. Is it that simple? If we totally trust and surrender it is.
Don't worry Texans, we haven't forgotten about you – we are working hard to try and get our beer to as many places around the state as possible. Wish we could tell everybody where they can buy it, but again legally we can't tell you.
2 tsp turmeric
Me: I was planning on eating it.
Preacher: Kate Bruce
You went out on a limb to testify for me you said I was with you
In - Homeboy Sandman feat. BLU
‘Tis the gift to come down where you ought to be,
Hart, with his aged stoicism akin to a Wild West Buster Keaton and a unflappable presence that predated and predicted the likes of John Wayne and Clint Eastwood, would forever be known as the first star of feature length Westerns.
I must say that I find that the more time I spend naked the more I want to.
Overall, this was a success on a relatively small scale. We hope to have another session at the Wynkoop in about 6-9 weeks, or possibly at another venue.
The best way for me to do this I’ve found is to always be looking for how I can use my surroundings as part of my array of props in the show.
The silky smooth texture of the beer simply glides over this dish, harmonising with the sauce whilst subtle clove and spice gently enhancing herbal lime notes in the dish. Honestly the 7.7% abv is hardly noticable and the beer drinks more like an excellent regular Weizen than a Weizen bock. German wheat beers are incredibly versatile food. Fish, seafood, Brockwursts, Thai, Chinese and even desserts they really do rock and I really should give them more attention.
In a country where “Fannybaws” can be used affectionately, the language could be described as coarse, so if you are offended by bad language then it might not be the book for you.
Take the path less traveled.
So, Dare to get out of your COMFORT zone into your COURAGE zone to accomplish things you have never done before within your CORE zone.
So what do you think of this Diesel Punk look? What is Diesel Punk, you ask? What happened to Steampunk, you wonder? Artistic Ouposr and I are still very much in love the Victorian magic that is the rage of steampunk, however, A. O. decided to advance the timeline and the trend to a more modern look. It’s like steampunk but with a combustion engine. To us, Diesel Punk is a style that blends the “edge” of steampunk with the art and culture of the 1920s, 30s, and 40s. We think of motorcycles, roadsters, red lipstick, trench coats, jetpacks, and jet engines.
Ah, a charming read. One that I've not forgotten all these years later.
Best Baby Jogger 81267KIT1 2011 City Select Stroller with Bassinet – Diamond Collections
I've been riding a euphoric high for days thinking about all the amazing decorating potential I had leaning against the side of my house, so to go out and find that it's GONE is so depressing.
We had a really great time with the family and the weather was perfect!
The entire office was a mess, most of it concentrated on two desks littered with papers.
display of meadows splendor,
We took the 10:10a ferry, made a couple stops including one at The Beer Junction where I picked up some great winter beers — the fall/winter beer season seems to get better every year! We went to the Schuchart/Dow office, saw Doug and Katie and dropped off Thanksgiving gifts for them and Jim, and then went to the house to check on the progress and drop off Thanksgiving gifts for the guys there.
With a fossil, or a heap of inanimate bones.
We had MANY guests at the party, which made it kind of crazy, but it was sooo much fun :) It was especially cute to watch all the kiddos interact with one another and "help" Rosie open her gifts... they all had a blast! Some of the "littles" in attendance were: Hayes Davis, Braydon Bartlett, Ella Price, Ellie & Mallory Bevington, Catilin & Clay Gilbert, Karis & Gabriel Nickell, and Savannah & Brady Faulkner. I must say that my friends have the CUTEST kids ever!!! And they're also the sweetest :)
But, because stories don’t go through the scientific process and don’t become part of any formula, does that make them any less true? Is it possible that stories can “be true” to some people and not to others? I’d be interested to hear what you think on the matter.
This is only the second Karen Rose that I’ve read but I will be reading more. There are three reasons for this: 1) Karen Rose writes with confidence about the detective work and also about the criminal mind, 2) she writes vividly about passionate romantic relationships without interfering with the main crime thriller storyline and 3) she connects each of her books by using a whole cast of characters who are all interlinked. David Hunter is the brother of one of the characters from Don’t Tell, Karen’s first book. But you don't have to read of them before it just means the more you read - the more your knowledge of Karen Rose's fantastic world is built up.
Specific problems aside, among the main reasons we are going wrong are the following:
I look at this and realize it's the week I've been dreading all along.
1 cup of confectioner's sugar
So here I am, the product of intermarriage between religions, between ethnicities, a blend of nationalities both friendly and fraught with tension. I am no longer a Catholic. My children combine all my bloodlines plus the Irish and Polish blood of their father. Their children will blend those lines still further.
It’s always been a big dream of mine to travel abroad and study, (specifically England, I’m an anglophile what else can I do?) , but at the same time, in scared that if I go I won’t want to leave. It’s only recently that I’ve started to notice how beautiful my country is. And then I get all nostalgic and think “oh my god I’m going to miss this so much, I won’t see my friends or family oh no oh nO HELP I DON’T WANT TO GO“
yesh' mememememe gud dug hamish has great news tell friyday
1 quart of catsup
“God were you out for pizza when tact was handed out?” I say.
As soon as I stepped out of my truck I could smell the smoke and it made my mouth start watering. I don’t know if this was just due to the anticipation of the meal to come or if it was because it just smelled so good. Either way I was ready to get inside and see what awaited me. When you walk in the door to The Salt Lick you see kitchen off to the right and everyone buzzing around chopping and cutting some of the best looking BBQ I have seen outside of my own smoker. At the corner of the counter they have a few of their homemade pies sitting on display and I knew I would have to try one, but more about that later. The seating is picnic style with long tables and benches for everyone to sit together and enjoy. I can imagine that when it is busy this can be a little bit annoying as I don’t really care for sharing my table with complete strangers but luckily I did not have to worry about it since they were not very busy when I got there.
Featuring:
Pornography is masturbation’s best friend.
Flowers : Precious Metals Honey, Arcadian Collection Volaceous, Floret Colelction Thyme - All by Prima Marketing
Hodgson has been told he will be allowed to bring in his own staff to help prepare for next month’s European Championship and has been sounding out various people in the game. He has spoken to Paul Ince, once a player of his at Internazionale, about the possibility of becoming loosely involved, as the Everton player Phil Neville was before the February friendly against Holland. However, it is not thought the FA will have a position open for Ince at this stage.
You love to drive to suicide
I recommend reading Ben Lynfield's article in the April 2 issue of The Jerusalem Report (unfortunately, and unbelievably, only available in print), as well as signing any number of the petitions organised by the dedicated journalists, activists, and bloggers of www.freekareem.org.
I decided that I would start issuing an electric surcharge. I told them so, and even gave Kyle a final reminder as he headed out the door, "Did you turn out the lights?"
But “City Suzy” hasn’t gone completely country. In fact, she’s made farm life fit her, not the other way around. That’s why you’ll find her attempting to put pink collars on her sons’ bull calves, and campaigning hard for pair of Hampshire hogs (“They have black bodies with white ‘belts’ around their shoulders. Pretty snazzy for swine, no?”) She’ll never be a real farm girl, but as you’ll see from her sidesplitting confessions, she’s faking it just fine.
We were together, yes, with my consent
The trip to the labyrinth will be a challenge for all those who enter.
