“Right now, because of loopholes and shelters in the tax code, a quarter of all millionaires pay lower tax rates than millions of middle-class households.”
Watts The Deal?
Victoria Kirsch, piano, music director, and narrator
What can I get with this $228?
The HOPE model understands that people respond to immediate and commensurate punishments like this better than to longer and more severe punishments that seem tenuous and remote.
-started crawling
“This is not gonna work!”
Before the movie began, one of the cast members, Kim (a remarkable Frank N. Furter), asked to have all the Rocky Horror virgins called out -- all who had not seen the movie in a theater were to raise their hands. I didn't count myself as a virgin; I had just seen the movie in that very theater the night before. I didn't even think I was being cheeky not raising my hand.
For me, my Malibu Barbie was Columbia University. Yes, yes, boo and hiss, wah-wah funding and all that jazz, but I felt that program was perfect for me. I have a life here in New York that I never wanted to give up. I would have sacrificed a few lambs and slapped my momma silly to figure out the finances, but it was worth staying here and continuing the life I'm comfortable with. Alas, I found Hawaiian Fun Skipper under my Christmas tree. Believe me, there was no sadness. Just a quick pause then the happy-bunny-hoppity-hop dance commenced. Now the novelty of it all is wearing off and I’m examining Skipper, I’m noticing the differences between her and Barbie and I’m realizing the warm and fuzzy vision I had in my head is not my reality. Is my vision better than my reality? I don't think so, but I think visions allow us to have our cake and eat it too. My reality is asking me to lose some weight. It requires a lot more courage than the comfy dream I had set out for myself.
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have issued new guidelines designed to speed up short sales and make them more consistent, but real estate agents question whether they are achievable in the real world.
Beer has a terrible image. It is seen as the drink of bogans and slobs whilst wine and spirits are a high end classy choice, even though from what I see most of the problems with alcohol come from wine, spirits and RTDs rather than the amber liquid that we all love so much.
Q. “Tell us some of what you like best about the iPhone.”
I was so excited when the ebook came out, but the paperback makes it feel more real somehow. Holding a book with my name on it feels like victory and I know I want to keep writing for the rest of my life. No matter what I write in the future, Provex City will always be exceptionally special to me. It helps me believe anything is possible. Thanks, Mr. Gordon.
So, Tara is giving one lucky winner a beautiful crocheted doll! You have 3 days left to leave a comment & maybe win this gorgeous handmade masterpiece! &Check out her blog, she gives you free patterns &tutes! Or head to her etsy & buy a crochet pattern or two. Good luck to anyone that enters! :)
(Remember, when asked recently by the Commercial Observer about the timetable for other buildings, Ratner snapped, "We’re here to talk about the arena.”)
I just want to let everyone know that if Enna Isilee or I don't get in contact with you the day you send an e-mail or post in the chat box, don't freak out! Both of us have just started our college classes, so we both just got busy again.
At stake is Russia’s attempt to reassert itself on the global aviation scene after a two-decade absence after the collapse of the Soviet Union. The SuperJet, which carries about 100 passengers, was designed with Western partners and equipped with cutting-edge systems, as Russia seeks to win a slice of the regional jet market now…..
I have friends who are vegetarians. I have cured a couple of this affliction, usually by consistent use of bacon on a Sunday morning. I know of at least 3 people I mix with who regularly read the Guardian newspaper. I have at least 2 friends who paid their own money for Genesis albums, so literally barking mad, but I still allow them in the house. So you can see I am not the judgemental type.
were down 2-4 at the time of Paciorek’s hit and the team rallied to score three
But not what you would do with it
The Doctor ignored him and turned to the woman. "Violet, kill him quickly."
It's present for some today - even at Christmas - when winter's front yard, lifeless trees are sprinkled with light and society boasts an uncommon goodwill toward others.
Signals: Simplex 2901-9833 ( Faraday 6020) horn & Simplex 2902-9234 ( Faraday) chime.
As a homeschooling parent it came across the mind of my youngest daughter to ask about a history book which talks about all the races within its bounded pages. She is a born optimist and hates the way we as adults seem to enjoy racial profiling. I as the mother and her instructor in life wanted to give her what she wanted, but I could find none. So, as a home-school project we decided to write our own, Beads on a String-America’s Racially Intertwined Biographical History.
1.Ability scores generation method?
One of the most remarkable features of this painting is the curious slanting object in the foreground, which could not possibly have been there in real life. This is an anamorphic projection of a skull; if the viewer stands to the extreme right of the painting and looks across the panel, this object becomes foreshortened and is clearly seen to be a skull. Possibly Holbein painted it in this peculiar fashion, hidden but in plain view, to suggest that a reminder of death is always present in the midst of power and opulence, the skull being a symbol of mortality.
So, what to do with my broken etoma ring? I’ll glue it back together and keep it as a symbol that the strongest loves can be kept together and survive anything, with some effort. Also, since it broke into three pieces, I see it as three parts that must always stay together. Me, her, and God. I’m not into symbolic things related to spirituality or love and if I lost that ring it would not affect me, but it’s a good reminder I believe. Anytime I look at it I will be reminded of all the efforts to build something so deep and real and to always keep God as part of what holds us together. For other things of past, I have to completely let go and keep focus on what I can believe in and what I do believe in.
Thirty minutes earlier, in the study....
6) Miles Davis- Water Babies- 5:06
4 carrots, diced
Welcome to our new markets.
It’s a nice coincidence that I should buy this promising (sexistly speaking) piece of science fiction alongside a book that everyone says is so innovative in terms of sexuality, religion and whatnot, I thought.
Bobcat – Fedco makes this one sound good, reviews on the internet make it sound boring and California tomato-like. We’ll see.
Bonny Prince Charles may be more familiar to you all from the old song:
As a subject, our weather will always be at the forefront of conversations whenever people gather and feel the need to converse. It’s a subject that is both facinating and unpredictable; and one which is always very dear to my heart.
Dogfish Head/Three Floyds Poppaskull (limited)
Even a Poet, sometimes needs a Poet
so is being on a very tight budget....
Gen Y Anger In The SMH?
One of the problems that plague the industry is a general misconception and misuse on the concept of ‘design’, and a general lack of understanding within the South African business environment on the potential of design.
Okay, how about some common questions and answers:
This is the zeitgeist of Big Sur, the essential spirit of the place. Escaping here offers the hope of getting off the merry-go-round of Life, leaving behind the desperation and confusion of the mainstream world in order to find a little peace of mind.
See, the thing about death is that you're pulled automatically into questions (wait, for me at least) about God's plans, Christianity, Divine Intervention, the soul. For me, every time I approach something like this intellectually (or, as rationally as can be, I guess, in a moralistic way), I try and frame things in relation to the soul. Eg. I believe homosexuality isn't genetic, habit or upbringing - it simply exists as a condition of the soul. You have a soul that wants you to do this. Simple.
Many people I talked to afterward found Michelle wondrous. But others worried that her chiding was emasculating, casting her husband -- under fire for lacking experience -- as an undisciplined child.
This is mostly because the worst part of my relapse tied directly into things I can't get into on this blog for my own privacy (for all that this blog is at least semi-anonymous).
May 21
Then when I reorganized my studio in 2007 to make room for more glass, I put these in a large drawer and completely forgot about them...
235. Mushroom Miso Soup @ Kimberton Whole Foods (Kimberton, PA) 1:06 p.m.
When I told the other DT girls I was using the possum and had found my recycled element by the side of the road, it gave them a moments pause. LOL!
1) Rumor had it the Oscar's were awarded last night. I've never watched an Oscar program in the 51 years I've been on this planet. I've just never been able to drum up any interest in this yearly event for some reason. No hate here or dissing, just no interest.
On wings my mother gave me
The Stars and Planets move to the Eternal Dance of her hips
right way to pray.
Genre: Spaghetti Western
CONCLUSION: Not the most memorable movie (I wrote this review 2 months later). I don’t really remember a lot of the particulars. I do remember DREADING watching this movie. It was at the bottom of our watching list for a few years. We finally watched it on a Monday night.
Simple -- it's easy, and they're lazy.
Here is the original message sent to me:
Like a revolutionary
The Reformation Of The Church: A Collection of Reformed and Puritan Documents on Church Issues (1965)
So we adapted. We kept her (and my allergies are learning to live with it). She's a fair bit bigger now, but she's still attached. She sleeps on whichever of us is not moving, and she struts and sprints around the house like she owns it. Which I suppose she does.
not really, the me whos kind of calm and chill.
I've been watching magpies out of the window this week. They've been hopping about in the garden. I think they have a nest nearby as I saw them chase a blackbird off and a grey squirrel. What characters they are! Did anyone see the beautiful raven on BBC Springwatch? Chester was his name and wasn't he handsome and so clever.
Bring a large pot of water to boil and cook pasta according to package. Drain and return to the pot.
She can only be seen when the seeker holds a four-leafed clover.
Mark Henry defeated Randy Orton to become the new World Heavyweight Champion with a World’s Greatest Slam. Wow, incredible match with the two here. Good for Mark, he has been in this company for 15 years, he is receiving his biggest push to date, so he earned this title. People are stunned.
Home Town: Pierce, Nebraska
For Chappati Dough:
Carom seeds - 1/4 tsp
Five paces in front of him, their local guide stopped walking. Stolik drew his Luger. “What? Why have you stopped?”
We made the choice to move out of our old home on Monday, yes as in 3 days from today. The packing, loading, and moving itself isn’t such a big deal; the bigger issue is that our new house won’t be ready for us to move into until May 24th. Soooooo… we will be spending most of the next 3 weeks in a hotel room or at Grammy’s house. Not ideal.
It was then that she started researching e-books and discovered that for every $2.99 book she could sell, she could keep 70%, with the rest going to the online bookseller. For every 99-cent book she could sell, she could keep 30%.
Thinking from inside, rather than reacting to stimuli?
capture silence as others
-I see other local photographers participating in community auctions and events, and launching new business changes and projects, and I feel completely left in the dust. While I'm enjoying getting to take photos on a limited basis, I'm not sure that my business will ever get back to the level that it was, or that it was heading. My plans and priorities have changed, but still, there is a part of me that is disappointed about that.
12. User Maintenance: Storage and Battery
It yearns.
In other areas Ella is doing well. Her receptive language is moderate and physically, I can't keep up. But speech, to me, is huge. I feel like it is a key to acceptance. Perhaps it is because, for myself, when I speak to a person with Down Syndrome and they respond with articulation and clarity, whether it be true or not, I feel that somehow it is a reflection of intelligence....now before you go and slam me for saying that, realize I am just admitting to my own stereotypes which, guess what, don't completely vanish the day you have a child with DS. So naturally, I feel that if she can speak well then she will not be judged as much, and will not have to work so hard to earn the respect of her peers and society as a whole.
after clearing years of pile up form the side yard,
We have had birds living in our vents. Try taking a shower with bird chatter over your head...Creepy! And wait until one of them DIES and begins to STINK. Delicious!
Luke 13:1-8
“If you could convert photosynthesis into a really efficient process, the benefits for the world would be enormous.”
The efficacy of the copyright law takes full effect as soon as the work gets created in its fixed form. The immediate copyright in terms of authorship is automatically granted to the author himself. It is only the author himself or those individuals who have been granted the rights by the author could have the sole access to claim for its copyright. In the situations involving hiring the works, it is the employer and not his employee who is then considered to be the author of the work.
LOL As I was typing this up I couldn't think for the life of me what the name of that Stampin Up Designer paper is! I don't have time now to go check but will update that later!
I won’t forget to mention, that sub I talked about, well he’s just been even more annoying. We had essays to write, and he said the way I write sometimes is ‘awkward’. Oh shut up, I do fine in writing. He is honestly a bad teacher. To show you how crappy of a teacher, he was trying to explain how to write a quote, in my essay, that’s something someone says, he told me that you only need the “..”, when I was told that if you are quoting something someone said you use ‘”..’”, the double quote. He also said I over use commas, Which when told that, I went through and found where the comma isn’t needed. But he doesn’t even try to explain it, he just prints off some stupid info off the internet. I’m sorry, but being a teacher you should be able to explain things and not make us try to learn it on our own. That’s like a math teacher giving a student a book and saying learn it. No, people need stuff taught to them to fully understand it, not some paper that tell you how to do it.
_____They say a picture is worth a thousand words, but not if you take a picture of this sentence.
My kindest regards to Lady Egerton. I can never forget all your
I know. Embarrassing, isn't it?
Our babies have been devalued as little more than attributes of the woman’s body, her rights are paramount and the father does not count. Abortion is erasing our posterity and 6 million babies have been killed since the 1967 Abortion Act!Fetishism is being popularised by our cultural and intellectual elites. This is deriving thrills from injury and degradation. It is the erotic form of hatred and consent is no excuse because if not countered evil spreads and soon those who do not consent will be abused and bullied by perverts. With outside forces working to destroy our boys and girls parents must regain sovereignty over their families and take responsibility for their children and Home School to rescue them from state corruption which is teaching them to give their land away and to become sexual perverts.
In 1807, Luna is a beautiful slave woman, owned and abused by Master Henry, and then by his son Master John. The only control Luna has in her life is to get rid of the pregnancies resulting by this abuse. Getting caught would be deadly, but she will not allow a child of hers to be owned by the Master. Her mother, Mama Akosua, had been sold away when Luna was 3. But she had found a way to remain close to her daughter, living a 2 hour walk away. Mama Akosua is an herbalist and some say, a witch. She helps her daughter to abort the children, except the first one, a daughter, that she had spirited away.
He has the kindest, sweetest heart. He sees good in everyone. He loves to be your friend. Sometimes he amazes me with the things he does or says that come straight from his heart. Especially his music. Absolutely beautiful.
My local happens to be a wonderful pub with loads of ales on tap and more whisky than you could imagine but I'm in the minority when it comes to what I like with regards to alcohol. Most people would rather stay out all night getting fucked up in a nightclub with loud, annoying music and cheap, fruity drinks that are loaded with caffeine to help them through the long night.
A lesson in accidental parenting. We forgot to put a nappy on Miss A before she went to bed. She come into our room at 6am in the morning to tell us that she had knickers on. You changed from your nappy we ask her? No I had knickers on all night she says. I hold my breath thinking of the wet bed. No my knickers are not wet says Miss A. WTF? Miss A now wants to wear knickers to bed. Our girl is growing up!
(e-mails from my in-laws in Quebec tonight inform me that they're experiencing a bit of snow, so I thought this little drawing might still be climatically appropriate, if not seasonably so)
June 1 Winnipeg, MB MTS Centre
At 4 p.m. in Mills Hall the UW Chamber Orchestra (below), conducted by James Smith, with horn soloist Daniel Grabois, will perform a FREE concert. The program includes “Radiant Mind” by Christopher Theofanidis (b. 1967); “Horn Concerto No. 2” by R. Strauss; and “Symphony No. 3” by Schubert.
I grew up in a town called Oak Lawn, Illinois, just outside Chicago.
So instead--aided and inspired by Lil' Sis--I have compiled a list of weird things that piss me off and/or freak me out, and--according to Lil' Sis--are contributing factors to what makes me certifiable.
The movements that arose during the 1960s — reaching a brief zenith in places as diverse as Mexico City, Paris and Prague, and militarily expressed in the Tet Offensive, the turning point in Vietnam’s defense against United States invasion — were responses not only against capitalism but against the bureaucratization and deformation of anti-capitalist revolutions and movements. “Errors and terrors” repeated themselves in Communist states, professors Arrighi, Hopkins and Wallerstein wrote, adding that social democratic governments were engaged in colonial repression and Third World national movements were frequently disappointing.
I will keep you posted.
PS: I will be away the whole of next week. The land of the Scots is calling :)
Nov. 4: Hamilton Place Theater, Hamilton, ON
For those who are suffering from common or severe colds, they should take one tablespoon of luke warm honey with 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon powder daily for 3 days. This process will cure most chronic cough, cold and clear the sinuses.
Pour over the brownie bottom then gently smooth it over all visible brownie mixture. The cheesecake topping will be thin.
The same as smoking is harmful for your health, the Rooms Katholieke Vliegenmeppers (The Roman Catholic Flyswatters) do find that the priests who wrote and signed the Manifest for believers are as harmful for the people souls welfare. They do call the believers not to receive the Holy Sacraments of these priests and not to go to partake their Holy Mass. They, with many others, do find that those priests who call for a change in the Roman Catholic Church, are heretics and unworthily to do the Mass or ‘ Misoffer’, the “Sacrifice of the Mass”.
I probably should have thrown them away....but I didn't....
“In the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s report on death and disease, researchers documented the case of ten swine flu patients at a Michigan hospital who became so ill they were put on ventilators. Three of the patients ultimately died from the infection. The kicker? Nine of the ten were obese, and two of the three who died were severely obese.”
And then there was her marriage to Kevin Federline. Britney lost her head for Kevin Federline, someone who seemed beneath her, I don't mean financially...everyone is beneath her financially, I mean as far as her deserving someone who has respect for her and has her best interests in mind. But Kevin 'pimped' Britney. Why did she let him? What demon is driving her?
grinning from windows and wandering the streets.
This is not a criticism of the stories themselves -- rather of whether they really resonate with the people who traditionally have subscribed to these magazines and visited their Web sites. Some of the content we're accustomed to is still there, but it's often buried in favor of news that's perceived to be sexier to the mostly New York-based media intelligentsia.
19 - sparkle moore - skull and crossbones
Paper: PTI Cardstock and Basic Grey Picadilly
Nordic Showcase at Iceland Airwaves is a day program of intimate, laid-back performances by some of the top Nordic talent appearing at Iceland Airwaves 2007. Taking place in the Nordic House cafeteria as well as its performance space, the concerts will provide the perfect opportunity to enjoy some fine music in unorthodox surroundings, while feasting on the fabled Airwaves Brunch menu.
I welcome thoughts whether pro or con about this issue.
the myriad of tiny things that happen
Chinamaringa ruled his people in peace and he was loved by many other chiefs of different districts of vaZezuru. One of the people who went with Chidziva to Mutoko was Nyakuvambwa the son of Nehambakamba. He asked Chidziva whether he would be allowed to go and live in a part of the district called Chiserwe. Chidziva agreed and he gave him some men to go and live with him at Mutoko. Chidziva said to Nyakuvambwa, ‘When you reach Mutoko you must choose a part of the district which you want.” When he reached Mutoko he chose a part which he called Chiserwe, that is where he lived with his people and he fought against the people of Chiserwe and conquered them. He told Chinamora, ‘Now I am the chief of that area.” When Chinamora and his people heard that they were very pleased. Nyakuvambwa went back to Chiserwe. When he was living in Chiserwe the people used to call him Nyakutanda.
Maybe you’ll marry, maybe you won’t. Maybe you’ll have children, maybe you won’t. Maybe you’ll divorce at 40, maybe you’ll dance the ‘funky chicken’ on your 75th wedding anniversary. Whatever you do, don’t congratulate yourself too much, or berate yourself either. Your choices are half chance. So are everybody else’s.
Here, we are passing a body to be evaluated by the common java run (set up in a particular way).
Luckily, everything showed up right on time and I spent Thursday night assembling and wrapping hoops for a good 8 hours.
The California based chain does not brew their beer on site, but they offer beers that are proprietary to their chain and brewed at one of their larger facilities. The restaurant’s beers are available for on-site consumption, but because the beer isn’t brewed in Indiana, it is not available for sale in growlers.
Today Royal Mail decided to “do over” businesses which do not send out heavy items. Most of the items which I have been sending out have been around 200g or less, which on average cost under around £1.50 to £2.00 to send off (excluding packaging costs etc). But new rates show that anything under 750g is now £2.70 within the UK. Whilst this is great news for items around 500g – 750g which are now cheaper, this has now increased the price of postage on items less than 200g by 70p or more. I know 70p is not much to complain about, but when you have a few parcels a day, it all adds up and I am now making a loss on postage.
The truth is, my friends, that each of us . . . (I was tempted to write “some of us” in order to give you an out and increase the chance that you’d feel positively toward me, something I’ve been known to struggle with) . . . but the truth is that each of us knows our own kind of wretchedness.
This is definitely a character-driven novel. It's definitely more about characters than plot. And whenever I say that, it always tends to scare people away, but it really shouldn't. If you go into this book knowing that you will be getting to know the characters and their lives a great deal, and that the pacing is much slower than usual, then I am sure you will enjoy it. Yun Ling was a tough character to like at times. Because she had been through so much in the Japanese internment camp, you really wanted to feel for her and understand her situation. But it was hard, because a lot of times I felt she was being unfair to the people around her. Especially Aritomo, the Japanese gardener. Yes, he was Japanese, but just because there were Japanese that treated you terribly in the camp doesn't mean you should paint an entire nationality with the same brush. And she did. Like I said, I feel for her. I cannot begin to understand what being in that camp and losing her sister was like, but all I can do is apply what I know about life. And you just don't treat people that way. It really messed with her mind a lot. This is a book that I believe will leave you feeling conflicted emotionally. I grew quite attached to Aritomo and I felt strange about that as well because he was the Emperor Hirohito's gardener. I don't even know what to say. It was a tough read. But I loved that about it. But definitely character-driven. It was about feelings, emotions, and relationships.
He turned to Scott and me, and continued, “Where you from?”
Halley Berrrry Smoothie
to clever with
Also had two college pieces, yes college in collage. Or is it collage in college? Hmmm…
Keep your eyes out for the new product reviews we have coming in the next week or so. Also look out for the new safety link! I am going to launch it with many reviews and giveaways! First is a Mommy I'm Here review, as busy as Rowan is I think I am going to need it. Do you know this lets you know when your child is too far or lost? Will it slow Rowan down who just found out how to escape her high chair?
Haste makes waste, so it is said
Precinct 5 Constable Beth Villarreal, who defeated Cortes last year and is responsible for the vehicles, had wanted to halt the auctions until she saw paperwork on all of the more than 5,000 vehicles impounded under Cortes.
Lt. General Thomas L. Baptiste, USAF (Ret.) Deputy Chairman, NATO (‘04-‘07)
"Nikka From the Barrel. 51.4 per cent alcohol.
Stamps: City of David and Madonna and Child from SU
I hope you didn't mind me sharing this story with you. Thank you all so much for making me feel so welcome in the big blog world. And to the person who sent me this gift, thank you from the bottom of my heart.
The third point about Tagore has to do with the limits of reverence. I am not now talking about the tendency to revere Tagore himself, which is a mild malady in these parts. No, I’m talking about Tagore’s attitude to someone he himself admired: Gandhi. Tagore may have venerated him and called him the Mahatma, but he disagreed with a lot of what he said – on non-cooperation, for instance; or on modern science; or even on nationalism. He did not let his admiration gag his criticism, sometimes quite strong criticism. Other people disagreed with Gandhi too, some less reverently, some indeed very bitterly. Nehru and Patel disagreed with Gandhi on the question of accepting the inevitability of Partition. Bose disagreed with Gandhi about reserving the option of violence when used against the violence of foreign occupation. Ambedkar disagreed with Gandhi on the question of rights for Dalits, as opposed to pity and accommodation. In some cases, Gandhi used what some would consider unjustified tactics to get his way: a fast against Ambedkar, a boycott of Bose.
“Nature seems to be a Book written in the Language of Mathematics” Galileo (1564-1642)
Much, much worse.
Author, Speaker and Facilitator on issues of Diversity & Inclusion.
GRABENSTEIN JD, PITTMAN PR, GREENWOOD JT, ENGLER RJ. Immunization to protect the US Armed Forces: heritage, current practice, and prospects. Epidemiol Rev 2006; 28: 3-26.
I (you) would run to you (me).
More on that in Part II, "The Douche and the Dirtwater Distributor"
He is improving day by day but still his great weakness in his left arm and leg. His handwriting is coming back to normal, and his voice is improving. The messages we received were very heartfelt and sometimes emotional, expressing the impact that John’s work has had on so many lives. People can send more messages to us if they want and we’ll see that they get them. Email to jerryaero@aol.com.
But the others don't have much money.
We don’t have a lot of parameters around our eating, but we do have some loose rules for our journey:
He was afraid, and with him fear was a disease that twisted him out of all normal semblance.
Bev in Neighbours
Of course, if you know the story, Mary Queen of Scots lost her head in the tug of war of power during Elizabeth I's reign. Yet it was Mary's son, James, who became Elizabeth's heir. After he became king he had his mother's remains moved to the abbey. He also had this rather ornate monument built that I think was intentionally made to outshine Elizabeth's...just a little.
Some text messages came from journalists who wanted more information and responses.
okay i have been trying to be inspired for Yuna's Sparkles Project.
You may send them into hiding, but they'll be back again
However, money is not necessarily an important part of surrogacy. For instance, a sister may bear a child for her infertile sister, and the whole transaction may involve no payment of money or other rewards. This is called “surrogacy in principle”.
Toppled chairs and bodies in varying states of crooked repose opened the piece. The ensemble put us through the paces of ballet basics, ending ultimately in invented, comic positions. In one inspired section, the dancers’ breaths grew louder and louder until its rhythms sounded like a locomotive, and the performers became engines of their own creation as they heaved and rocked in synchronization. In another charming variation, a couple rehearsed a dance, accompanied by a background track of their internal thoughts – clipped choreographic directions or bemused commentary on their states of mind. This created an hilarious push and pull of comic brilliance – a kind of Annie Hall/Alvie Singer delight, danced effectively by Nickemil Concepcion and Harumi Terayama.
Caretake this moment.
ONE FALSE MOVE
as long as you can
Or do they dance in ecstasy?
1 tsp. cornstarch
It seems that both Dominik and Victoria conned Conrad with a piece of art and that’s how Victoria seperated from Dominik and met Conrad.
The Young man now slowly circles the party tossing one gold coin at a time back into the piles of gold surrounding them.
There are pieces that haven’t turned up yet. Conflict pieces (naturally).
1 Rogue Hazelnut Brown Nectar, 22oz
2 parents
Holding all the cards close to his overflowing chest, it seems few in the galaxy can dispute or understand him.
Here are the two science projects I'm backing on Petridish. Both of them involve genetics, which is what drew me to them.
Dillon Gee's start Monday night concluded the rotation's second go around. And for Met Fans, so far, so great. Every start has been damn near stellar. And finally cracking the seventh inning as a rotation will help the bullpen out substantially; as opposed to them having to account for three to four innings per game.
Alter ego LOVES his job. He is, after all, the exact opposite of me in every way. Alter ego says that even though we have been exact opposites, and he happens to love his job, doesn’t mean that I have to hate mine. We can have something in common.
Me: C, it's waaa-aaaay...too early. I'm still sleeping... come back later.
I don't want him (you) to come back.
A monthly manga was our favorite magazine – we used to read it while eating chipped-ice in our favorite mom-and-pop candy store. One day I went to play in Suzuki-san’s house and we discovered an accumulation of ‘Children’s’ Science’ magazine. We did not have money to buy such magazine, we were very enviable, and went crazy and read.
"It will have sensed their fear there." Taslin glanced across the ashes of the fire at the still-sleeping form of Dora. "How will she react?"
Story #3:
I must preface this blog with the admission that I have only heard about this specimen sighting and was not an actual witness to these statements or sentiments (and possible rending of cloth).
8. If you are working off a bid site FUND THE ESCROW.
The light of decent conversation.
At home, Ga Young is ill and taking care of herself by applying cold towels to her head herself. Much later, when she stirs awake, there’s a drip attached to her arm and he’s sitting by the side, asleep too. MUCH TOO CUTE! As soon as she sees him, she sits up but he’s asleep. She calls out to him and he jerks awake, yawning and asks how she’s feeling. She’s better and he brings out food for her to eat. Its porridge and he gives her the spoon, urging her to eat. She’s overcome and can’t bring herself to move.
It was the traitor who told us we must question our old certainties, but he did so not for the sake of enlightenment but to undermine the bedrock and mortar which maintained our unity and our resolve. With those certainties went our beliefs and our values leaving us adrift and exposed to the dark shapes circling around us, and it was then that the traitor began his real work.
6. A CHICAGO STREET FIGHT FOR THE WWE CHAMPIONSHIP: CM Punk (Champion) vs. Chris Jericho (Challenger).
In you memory your anger your stories your pain
I frosting I used the store bought cream cheese frosting and I also made a chocolate one by make a chocolate ganache and whipping it into a thick frosting.
All artwork is copyrighted by Peter Campofiori, it is illegal to publish or print any such artwork or text without written permission by the artist
Aside from getting that tattoo, this has got to be one of the stupidest things I have ever agreed to do. I am already thinking about quitting. I just picked up a few new beers Friday night for the Super Bowl. Instead, I drank Diet Coke. Now I know how Peyton Manning feels, even though I was pulling for Breese and the Saints.
He said it was the biggest one he has felt since June 13, when a 6.3 magnitude hit struck the city.Surynt and his work colleagues estimated it was about a 5 to 5.5 magnitude quake.Christchurch again, poor sods. A 5.8. Just what you want a day and a half before Christmas when you're still picking up after the last one. Fingers crossed that everyone across the ditch comes out of this one okay.
On Him:
I did not see or hear from Linky for quite a while, at least not until the British National Theatre was appearing in New York with several performances headed by Laurence Olivier, Ralph Richardson, and Vivien Leigh. To one of those I invited Linky and she came. But oh my, what a reversal of roles! How I craved her affection, even as she remained as cold as one of her marbles. When I saw her home, she stopped me at her front door, and hurtfully proceeded to echo all my pleas verbatim in harshly sarcastic tones, accompanied by cruelly mocking facial expressions.
2. You're at a party with a bunch of friends and see a gorgeous girl.One of your friends goes up to her and pointing at you says: 'He's very rich. 'Marry him.' - That's Advertising
Properly fitted and proportioned clothing has a dramatic impact on how you are perceived. Often, the first thing that people will notice is your appearance. People tend to form an initial impression about you rather quickly, in fact within the first 30 seconds or less. It is within this time that a person decides to pursue any type of relationship with you. Studies have shown this first impression matters greatly when you want to build lasting trust. If your first impression starts on the wrong foot, gaining that trust is an uphill battle at best.
By Chris Buckley
The lamps are from HomeGoods, and I added a little color this week with some Spring blooms from our yard.
He did not.
Turn up the music, cause i’m trying to hear the speakers blow
I know that Ive gone on a few times about teaching sewing lessons at some point this year. And the fact of the matter is is that as more and more people struggled with this %$#%^&%^$ economy, I ended up struggling more too. Because when you stop buying, the artists and local businesses suffer. But whatever...........Ive survived and made a purse out of a sow's ear so to speak. Im not out of hot water yet, but I'll be ok. Because as you know, you cant keep a good woman down. But I got a bit distracted with that struggle there ...............so now here we go...............
In February, I had the pleasure of teaching paper piecing to some of my fellow Pelham Quilters. We are fortunate to have a wonderful community room to use with lots of light, thanks to Doris Green!
Agenda:
My mother and father
The intellectual dishonesty here would make Alan Dershowitz blush. While it is accurate to say that certain Christians and Muslims (i.e. those who hold Israeli citizenship) are allowed to build homes in West Jerusalem, it is obvious that the people most likely to want to build in a city are those born there. In the case of Jerusalem, the Arab residents of East Jerusalem, who were born in the city and are children and grandchildren of people also born there, are not allowed to build homes in West Jerusalem. By contrast, Jews who are not Israeli citizens, and who have never set foot in the city, are granted permits to build houses. Racial privilege trumps longtime legal and lawful residence in Jerusalem.
“Buddy, I don’t know what is going on but you need to show me.”
9. Some proper asphalt for the impoverished Brits for them to begin to resurface their abominable system of so-called roads.
They drove all the way to the train station without saying a word. His mom sat in the passenger seat, sniffling and occasionally wiping tears from her cheeks. Mike stared straight ahead as he drove. Damien couldn’t see the man’s face, but doubted any tears squeezed from those eyes
The rationale for adding a 3rd buyer was supposedly to lighten the load from the two of us doing the work. Another of those "arrows on fire" was when I realized the 60/40 workload split between the two of us evolved into more of a 60/30/10 split after the new addition. Gee, thanks! I no longer had an excuse for waiting until 5:30 to scoop cat shit out of the litter box.
Don’t be afraid of it, we ALL have bad days and bad times. Believe me, there is not one spiritual teacher, yogi or nun that is free of fear and anger.
"Is this yours?" he repeated, smiling at me.
Now in Albuquerque, Marshall gets Douglas a job at a dress shop. “I’m a modern day Cinder-fella.” Hah! But not soon after he starts, Douglas is arrested for assault. Lucky for all, Douglas’ one call was to his “brother” Marshall and Abigail is able to get him off with just a warning.
Barack Obama's badly flawed worldview and the incoherent foreign policy flowing from it have now disintegrated. Within the past few months, his media acolytes notwithstanding, the evidence has become conclusive: Obama's presidency is gravely wounding America and its friends. His response to virtually every significant threat or crisis has either complicated or worsened the problem, or, at best, left it essentially no closer to resolution.
At the reunion I began throwing back watered down vodka smashes (my concoctions and directions given to the bartender to mix up in the thimble sized glasses).
2 ceramicworks
Qatar, Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates and the rest of Gulf Cooperation Council are way behind in the areas of freedom, justice and democracy. These countries are absolute monarchies and sheikhdoms where nepotism, exclusion and non-compliance with most universal declarations are the basis of their governance. Their records in human rights, labor rights, non-discrimination, non-segregation, freedom of expression, freedom of faith, government transparency, wealth control, gender, equal opportunities, civic institutions, separation of powers, elections, rule of Law, and partisan politics are indeed very appalling; if non-existence altogether.
Enregistrement: 2011
Elizabeth Bishop, February 8, 1911 – October 6, 1979.
What triggered the idea for this book?
“Liverpool are favourites, they’ve got so many great players. But a semi-final at Wembley is a one-off, and a local derby is a one-off. It’s all on the day.”
Growing up in Scotland, I believed that Art Nouveau meant Charles Rennie Mackintosh. Glasgow loves him: ’Wegians built the House for an Art Lover in the 1980s from designs submitted by him for a competition in 1901. I was delighted to play its piano. The Willow Tea Rooms is one of Glasgow’s major attractions, as they say, though I would also recommend the Burrell Collection and the Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum.
My mom started treating the wound with Betadine and Agua Oxigenada. I liked Betadine because it didn’t sting. It only left a reddish color that was like blood. With my leg smeared with “blood,” I thought it looked really cool. I hated Agua because it really hurt, but I loved looking at the bubbles that would come out of the wound. So with the help of the electric fan pointed right at my wound before my mother applied Agua, I was able to stand the painful treatment.
Before I went to see Tim Burton’s big screen production of Dark Shadows I had read a few reviews and, honestly, they were mixed. The more positive ones stated that it was a film that contained the best and the worst of Burton’s filmmaking. There were also a lot of negative ones and many of these began with words akin to *I used to run home from school to see Dark Shadows*. My advice, if a review begins with a phrase like that, ignore it…
Double Miles
And I quickly realized that there was still bleeding under the tape. That I was using the tape as a safety net to go quicker, and it was really going to cause me more work in the long run. I did much better when I finally nixed the tape and just cut in with my trusted Wooster brush.
A gathering of a lovely group of ladies, lots of concentration, some sweat and tears and a mite of the old swearing and we all set to and had a go - goodness knows what Annemor thought of us, she can knit a pair of these mittens in two days, I managed a cuff that day!!
I permit this for the Palestinians, but not for those who attacked the Twin Towers in the US, because in that case, the passengers of four civilian planes were killed, who were not to blame. In what way were those passengers to blame? Many of them were Arabs or Muslims, and were from various countries, and had nothing whatsoever to do with politics. Take the people inside the towers – they were just employees in companies, and some were even Muslims, who prayed on Fridays. How were they to blame?
The next day, my dad rounded us all up at the hospital and ushered us into a small room. My brother and his wife, my sister and her husband, my husband and my dad were waiting for a doctor to come in.
Total: $30
No, leave all that silly stuff to the girls. Silly stuff. Never catch me doing it. Of course I do have to speak to them, but I do it in a manly way, matter of fact, “Here is your breakfast, please do not slurp.”
It is time to link up your sweet projects - layouts, cards, altered items - if it includes paper, just link it!
Fast-forward to the recent weeks. My rewrite is about 66% complete. There was a lot of talk about science fiction, and where it was headed or why it was awesome. Some of it here, with David's guest post, and more on the Bransforums, where Watcher sprang a thread to discuss the guestpost further. Combined with the increasing amount of sciency topics on this blog, I started to rethink how I saw myself as a writer.
Other rules will be mailed to the individuals.
'This place being what?'
The really BIG news of the night was that Astro did what many contestants in every competition show have wanted to do but never had the ‘brat’ in them. He virtually refused to ‘sing for his life’. I ahve always said this… why would you want to sing when you know people didnt really like it in the first place? In this case, however, you are singing for the judges final decision… yah, sing monkey sing! I’m sure it’s an icky feeling, but you are too young to be spoiling any chances. This was a Kanye move. No one likes a bratty kid, no one like a bratty grown man… and imagine if he wins this gets rich… he will be a monster, he will be Kanye West for the next generation. Lovely. Can’t wait.
It’s like telling my story for people to know, and relate to. And it makes me happy to see that they listen. You see, I’m not the person to person kind. I’m sort of a people person. One to many, type.
Our primary focus will be on the first two problems, not so much on the third. I want to explore the arguments that propose different answers to those two problems. But before I do that I want to talk a little bit more about the issue of moral luck.
She has a graceful yet sophisticated style, and always has an encouraging word. I'm so excited about her new stamp line. She will be doing great things, and I can't wait to see what she has up her sleeve! Who knows, we may be able to lure her back at some point.
Rachel Ballinger
If the characters are victorious, the Lady of the Barrow of Black Stones will thank them profusely and pay them for their wounds using polished jet. Finally, she will take the left hand of the heir and kiss it, instantly vanishing. The character will take three points of damage as her kiss has branded him, as if by a hot iron, with a rune for "stone". Although he will be annoyed now, the brand will grant him three added points of armor in the battle with the brigand chief, before vanishing away, leaving only a faint, white scar.
I remember the tenets of this conversation clear as day. We were eating dinner and he was on his second helping. I was finished and watching him eat.
If you don’t see it on Emmanuel
2006: Richard & Judy Christmas Party selection
a figuration whose sole appearance
Option 3: I move in with someone on Craigslist. There is nothing creepier than this prospect although I’m not sure it screams “midlife crisis.” It more so screams “barista” or “struggling artist.” And I’m a struggling artist and everything but not the kind that owns purple, skinny jeans and smokes cloves. I’m struggling in the way that my body is breaking down and my Burberry bag is starting to fray. OMG, I hate this. Poor people are terrible.
The full header gives us both the sender’s address as well as the body of the email. Using the above information would help us greatly in blocking this spam.
The camera boasts some impressive features including a 990ms response rate between shots, a much reduced shutter lag enabling you to capture the image as you see it! Burst mode gives up to 20 shots taken, Best Pic takes up to 8 pictures for you to choose the best result and Buddy Photo Share allows the recognition of faces and links those for you, using your group profiles for guidance.
- Paw Paw : a very big one
Okay, I'd better get going. Kara will be off the bus shortly and we'll be off to the playground. Have a good one! :)
Posted by Justin "The Claw" at 10:30 PM 7 comments
Most of the quakes that roll in from time to time are minor or come from far away (a big rolling feeling means it comes from afar, and you can hear those coming, too. A hard, building jolt means that the epicenter is quite close, a few miles or so.). But it’s like living on a precipice: Get too complacent and bad things can happen.
"As each idea comes to us, we must in good faith clear away our inner barriers to acting on it and then, on an outer level, take the concrete steps necessary to trigger our synchronous good."
With a great reputation in the clothing accessories niche, Police watches are thought to be some of the most affordable and sought-after watches around. Being available in a myriad of designs and styles with keen prices, they are the choice of both celebrities and anyone that appreciates practical design and function with great looks.
The girl smiled, reached out, and came back with a leopard in one hand and an otter in the other. Then she leaned down and whispered: “I can give you twenty percent off, if your mom and dad don’t mind.”
Bring the Wine in a Brown Bag or a Box of Wine
Drag: The purple and green grapes, the apple and the gooseberries?
When I was pregnant with my son I drew up a list of things I wanted to do (or to have done), things that would somehow mark my independence. On the list was ‘eat alone in a restaurant’. I did. I felt mildly self conscious but not very. I read my book and ate soup whilst watching the rain fall into the canal.
New Glarus Brewing Company Moon Man
Telling the story from Nap's perspective does result in the novel's female characters being colored in a certain way. Slinky, the hard to get weapons chief, is Nap's primary target for sexual conquest and responds amorously when he treats her possessively. Audrey, the sexbot created by Nap's chief engineer, is programmed to serve in all ways. Or so Nap perceives it.
d) Facebook and chat. Data connectivity on phone means, people can and will reach out to me any time, and I am so tempted to engage with all my friends, all day long. If people have to come all the way home to see me, only neighbours will be left. Facebook represents my desire to be in touch with my friends all the time – to share thoughts and events as they occur. That desire could be limited to say half an hour every afternoon or something. What I’ve done is shifted to 2G on my phone. This makes fb a frustrating experience – it never loads. I hope this will eventually act as a deterrent!
- Citizenship beyond national borders: the European Union and global rights
December 17, 2010 Clip No. 2731
Answering FAQ questions on the poster paper. Groups given questions and answer as a group so we can post FAQ on the Community Hive Website
Am I making gender-based stereotypes?
Just leave a comment with your email under this post for your chance to win!
"And Max, the king of all wild things, was lonely and wanted to be where someone loved him best of all."
That report, too, mentioned Achilles’ mother, Diana McIntyre, visiting Sukhraj’s mother, Jamie Taewa, at her home in Atkinson St.
Anyways, every time this commercial comes on I cringe. I generally appreciate a cheeky marketing maneuver, but to me this one is just stupid. I had no idea that "Men think there is a stigma attached to drinking diet soda."
The original dish in the book also serves pickled quail’s eggs and vodka grape tomatoes with this. As fantastic as they sound it would be a lot of work if you were to make everything. I was really happy with it as it was but am intrigued about the pickled quail’s eggs! This book makes you appreciate and understand how much work goes into each component part of each dish at this restaurant and definitely makes me want to go the next time I am in Brighton.
Here's the part where this story get sad. So now I have my gold angel wings and I actually really love how they turned out. I think it's safe to say this is my last DIY project before the big move. I was all excited to mount them over our bed when we decided we were moving and would be selling the house. Our realtor quickly neg'd the idea. Something about turning off buyers...apparently not everyone shares my sentiment about sleeping under angel wings.
This is very relevant topic in relation to Wasted where hero Jack believes very much in deciding one's fate by the toss of a coin. Most of the time he does this by "making sacrifices" to ward off bad luck.
Then again,
Speaking of joking, I should include one in this dreary post. The clouds outside threaten rain and I've lost my last ten dollars, so it's going to take all I have to even figure out one joke. Original jokes are the only ones I like to tell. I'm reminded of many a comedian feud due to people creating the same punchlines, or sharing from each other. I think life can be so funny, that sometimes relatable comedy can cross lines of time and space. Really, I should wetten up this dry post. Let me get a wet rag, a bucket of KY jelly, and a stream of gleek, and we'll turn this motha around. Haha, just kidding. I have no jelly.
HENRY JAGLOM: I've always been obsessed with films were love defeats death. Usually it's a romantic love, for example, films like, A GUY NAMED JOE (1943) with Spencer Tracy, and A MATTER OF LIFE AND DEATH (1946) with David Niven, where life and love beat death. These films always had a profound effect on me, so I wanted to make my own version on the theme.
‘Show Me A Sign’ will be available on iTunes from April the 29th. Make sure you buy a copy if you like the tune and help ‘kill’ commercial music. Remember, this is for the ones who care! (couldn’t resist that one, sorry).
Teen-dom is a well trodden path of bad fashion, hormone driven miss-judgments and awkward hair. It’s been that way for eons – these are the kind of mistakes that people have never stopped making. The Roman empire is about what happens when you wear togas (you look stupid), Romeo & Juliet is a giant warning on what occurs if you ignore your parents (Cliffs Note: you die), and the 80’s suggests what to expect when you insist on a perm (people pretend you didn’t happen at all).
is the death of his faithful ones.
It’s okay if I’ve been too busy, or even too derelict, to brush my hair and run five miles a day. I no longer expect myself to be a grown up at all times, even in a liquor store where one is supposed to be of age. It doesn’t matter if someone sizes me up as a strange old lady hiding behind a coconut.
I understand that The Clash needed to grow musically, and it's not up to me to decide where their Muse should’ve taken them. I don’t go to bed at night wishing that when I wake up it will again be the first day that London Calling was originally released. Some might say I’m a greedy, thankless bastard for wanting more than what Joe, Mick and The Boys gave us. To this day I still can't understand how The Only Band That Matters got so lost searching for new sounds that they could forget where their musical home base was. In the great tradition of the Bermuda Triangle, Area 51, and British crop circles - who really knows exactly what happened out there between Joe and Mick in the foggy marshland known as personal and musical differences.
My experience at the nursing home prompted me to contemplate mortality (not uncommon for someone with my temperament) and those goals from my youth were what came to mind. I have achieved many of them and have replaced them with new goals, such as self-possession and faithful trust. I may need these qualities at any time, but I will surely need them when facing death, which I pray will be many years from now,
Sadly, I did not.
Below: KID"S ZONE...
Maybe because I've been feeding him this?
He is the Rock. Steady. He changes NOT!
So he (devil) planned and schemed, manipulated and lied, to bring sin into our world. And along with sin came pain and suffering, illness and disease, aches and pains, heartaches, all the other bad stuff.
I'm still battling sinus pressure, drainage, and more phlegm than should come out of one person's body.
7) Dancing
Yours in a rich life, P.
I’d like to make a request of you: Before you start in reading below, please check out this post from November 2011 on Michael Tymn’s blog: http://whitecrowbooks.com/michaeltymn/month/2011/11/ Scroll down to find ‘Do Famous “Dead” People Communicate?,’ posted on November 14. If you’re interested in spirit communication at all, you’ll find it very well worth your time.
This could be a positive growth experience for me, an opportunity for me to work on taking care of me, while supporting others, rather than it being an all or nothing, either or kind of situation, as it has been in the past. This also has the potential of offering me some social interaction that I’ve been missing, doing without, for a long time now. It could also foster new friendships and present me with a new group of people to interact with, to support and garner support from.
“For the others, like me, there is only the flash
‘It’s going to eat me,’ she wailed. She was sitting up, clutching her peg doll. Tears were dripping off her chin.
2. If you are a fairly knowledgeable person (or god forbid an expert) regarding the subject matter being taught, and choose to take a “basics” class anyway, you will shut your mouth and not come off like a pompous know-it-all ass.
But a storm snuffs them out just as quickly,
Despite all the distractions to keep us from confronting massive unemployment, widespread foreclosures, a government rife with corruption, waste, and cronyism, a broken justice system, a President who won’t produce a passport and whose Social Security number is fake.
But, even with her princess side, comes some crazy wildness! This girl is a monkey! She's climbs on EVERYTHING! Up chairs, on tables, the entertainment center, the DVD cabinet (it's built into the wall, so no worries:) ), drawers in the kitchen, etc. The best is when she's trying to get into the utensil drawer. She'll pull it open part way, let it catch on the fridge door handle, and then pull herself up with her arms, while putting one foot on the cabinet below and the other on the fridge. I walked into her doing that one day and about died, lol.
The Federal Government, however, on February 15 proposed additional N656.3bn to the 2012 budget to cater for its subsidy on petrol.
In order to avoid having to deal with two drunk people before having an 8 am class in the morning, I decided to sleep over at another (sober) friend's place. But before that, I set a trap. My alarm clock is pretty much the worst sounding thing in the world. You can stand it if you can shut it off in the first ten seconds, but I usually sleep through that, as well as the next two snoozes. My roommates have learned to hate it a lot. So the night before leaving, I "forgot" to turn it off. And then I hid it, so inebriated people couldn't either. I think they liked their wake up call.
The Syrup catalogue is consistently and unfailingly enchanting. Their beautiful pictures always inspire me to live a slightly sweeter life. The three concepts shaping the Syrup Spring 2010 collection are not only charming but also strike a chord in the hearts of mori girls. I have no doubt that the clothes are but a fraction of Syrup's charm.
I know this is a different approach to that advocated by a lot of people. I also had many critics during my years of searching, sampling and quitting, people who wanted me to finish things just for the sake of it. But it’s not about them, it never was. It’s about following our hearts and living authentically – with integrity, this can require lots of courage, but when you find your passion you’ll find all the courage and strength you need, and more besides.
Despite a seasonal uptick in unemployment in Brazil, skilled labor remains scarce enough to force employers to pay more to compete for talent. This, in turn, may fuel new inflationary pressure despite the government’s best intentions.
“Which is easier: to say, ‘Your sins are forgiven,’ or to say, ‘Get up and walk’? 24But that you may know that the Son of Man has authority on earth to forgive sins….” He said to the paralyzed man, “I tell you, get up, take your mat and go home.”
What makes Polly-O different from other types of ricotta? I e-mailed Kraft Foods. The associate director of consumer relations didn’t divulge the amounts or percentages of ingredients because the recipe is proprietary. The ingredient list reads: pasteurized milk, whey, milkfat, salt, vinegar, and so on. According to the web site, Giuseppe Pollio started Polly-O more than 100 years ago. He set up ricotta and mozzarella kettles on the beach at Coney Island in Brooklyn, N.Y. The Pollio Italian Cheese Company produces nearly 100 million pounds of cheese per year.
I hope you've enjoyed this week's Tips & Trick's Thursday!!!
Finally, about the internationality there are many things already mentioned above. Different styles, interpretations, all this orgasm of workshops and festivals make the tango scene very dynamic. In this festival I saw for the first time (in my life) coloured people dance very good tango, while I am looking forward to meet again the very funny and creative 2 m tangero (so interesting to watch him dance…) and the so charismatic (and polite indeed) young dancer from Russia!
Trust No One: Or at least be suspicious of Word's spell-check and grammar-check. It's not always right. When in doubt, double check it with Strunk & White or Webster's dictionary.
"What the frack!?" they cursed in unison as alarms blared throughout the ship...
Green Buds
Middle school is a battlefield
Our neighbors had a baby (3 months ago, but who's counting) and I finally found the time to make them a baby gift. After I took this picture I added another square, slightly overlapping the striped square with his name on it, with a large embroidered 'H' for his last name.
“Hello, get me the Hollywood precinct…Hello, this is Lois Angelus, I need to speak to Detective Braintree…Hello, Teddy, this is Lois. I found my Scarecrow…Teddy, are you there?”
Spring (So… peaceful…): April-June
Greg:I selected New China Buffet for this week’s selection. My boss had taken me there a few weeks back and I enjoyed it. This buffet it located in Crestwood and has the appearance of a big barn, perfect for the feeding that will take place. When I visit a buffet, I go to get full. I didn’t each breakfast that day and the plan was to eat enough to not have to eat dinner. This buffet caters to everyone. There was pizza, french fries, and burritos in addition to your classic Asian dishes. I enjoyed multiple trips to the buffet enjoying General Tso’s chicken, sesame chicken, and lo mein. These tasted like they do in any other chinese restaurant. My only complaint is that the serving temperature wasn’t always piping hot. Also, when I made my way back up for Round 2 of the feeding, some of the dishes weren’t available and I had to wait a few minutes. Not a huge deal, but at the buffet you need to keep those popular dishes coming out hot and timely. After enjoying this healthy meal, I decided I needed to partake of the ice cream. They had huge containers of Blue Bell ice cream, I counted 20 of them. After making pleasant conversation with some of the locals while I waited in line, I decided on cookies and cream and a small slice of cake. These were both top notch and really capped the meal off nicely. The meal came out to be under $9 after tip. After eating enough food to feed a third world country family for a year, I thought it was a pretty good deal. Was it the best food in Birmingham? Not really. Compared to other Chinese buffets in Birmingham, it was a cut above. Overall Rating: 3.5 out of 5 Bros
Scheduled to appear on the red carpet are stars Taylor Kitsch, Alexander Skarsgård, Brooklyn Decker, Brooklyn Decker, Liam Neeson, Gregory D. Gadson, Hamish Linklater, and Rico McClinton, writers Jon Hoeber & Erich Hoeber, producers Brian Goldner, Scott Stuber, Sarah Aubrey, Duncan Henderson and Bennett Schneir, and more!
Another way of looking at it is that we’ve seen that the energy has some sort of relationships to the consciousness of human beings, and one theory is that the energy sensitizes one’s psychic capabilities if you’re subjected to these energies, that you’re able to tune them in more. It’s not just that that they’re tuning it in, it’s like we’re tuning them in. It works both ways.
They think I'm just fine
Whatever might be the justifications of the rulers and religious leaders of the Islamic countries, all they in fact contributed to the US victory against former Soviet Union and making the former an unrivalled super power.
Was a quandary it didn’t know.
Thank you for following my progress.
When I met Deb, she was just starting out as a coach, and asked if I would be a guinea pig for online coaching, so when I left the States, she coached me by email. Deb also wanted to be a writer and asked me to help her with that. I told her just to write. She did, and today she writes wonderful little stories about her life which you can read about on her website and newsletter.
of freezing wind. I prayed my fading God
Kat said some countries supported a proposal to get lions upgraded to appendix 1 of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species at its next meeting in Thailand in March next year, which would ensure better monitoring and protection for the big cats. But countries that gained from the commercial use of lions through hunting and the sale of their parts were resisting the move.
My favorite part! Let's play the what do you love most about this space game! For me, that easel that is also doubling as art and a place for a little apron! Seriously, pitter patter!
I think I’m ’bout to explode
5) A Paperback of the book Immortal: Love Stories With Bite by P.C. Cast
Maybe it was the bath water I caught him drinking, they did use a lot of soap tonight. . .
Selected members of Morning Musume have been announced to participate in the stage play Stacey’s Shoujo Saisatsu Kageki (Stacy’s maiden repeated killing opera). Taking part in the lead role, Tanaka Reina (22) showed great enthusiasm into wanting to show everyone a beautiful zombie morning musume.
Libraries, like all university departments, are very territorial, and will resist having their budgets cut so that funds can be transfer to another branch of the university. We can expect this to be the case even if the new regime, open access, will save money for universities overall.
Someone who looks for people to "Team" with.
My blogs about food are about to be introduced to Matty's wonderful website about eating locally, http://www.localontario.ca.
within your grasp, this place was clasp,
But many nights would be a test of patience and lasting through from 10pm to midnight was a rarity. I'd turn the radio up for the talking and down for the music. His contrariness in deliberately playing outlandish and often diabolical records was a thing to be admired if not listened to. The internet age has made us more impatient and we can, if we want, click away after the opening bars of some Hungarian electro drone duo or a Congolese folk band but his show made you stick with it or bail out and potentially miss something wonderful. Coupled with the weekly music press it was the only place a kid like me could discover music outside the charts and peek into other worlds; that was our internet. As for "This Is Radio Clash", it was an amazing record, so far ahead of its time. John Peel knew.
Many Haitian children are fed by aid from the U.S. and the U.N. Haiti gets by far the biggest slice of U.S. aid in the Western Hemisphere (20 percent). From 1994 to 1999, U.S. taxpayers poured over $2.3 billion dollars into Haiti but relief officials are giving up in dismay at the meager results. Even some in Congress have begun to notice we have little to show for our money. Representative Porter Goss of Florida says, “We’ve been ripped off in Haiti and I don’t see why we should put more money into it. There’s so much corruption that the only way to make sure aid gets to the people is to fly down there yourself with some food, hand it to a Haitian, and watch him eat it in your presence.”
The quiescence bloats into a physical sensation:
Nawaz was held in high esteem in his local community, the court heard, having lived in the UK for 40 years and running a successful business and becoming a landlord.
And missionaries dismiss me for my single epiphany
Mind – Its Mysteries and Control by Sri Swami Sivananda
Sam: You may order the book through Amazon, Barnes & Noble.com, Trafford Publishing, Powells.com, Kobobooks.com, and even Borders.com
Novatka told the officers God brought him to the business to damage it, the affidavit states.
They pulled up my account information.
And I thanked him for loving me so much that he would exit four
I'm not a big fan of dancing but when I saw this image, I knew it was perfect for this challenge. I picked the image from the Hunky Dory Adorable Scorable pack. It's beautiful! So here it is:
I’m not going to discuss the whole idea of ley-lines in this post, but to give you a brief overview Ley-lines are alleged alignments of a number of places of geographical and historical interest, such as ancient monuments and megaliths, natural ridge-tops and water-fords. Their existence was suggested in 1921 by the amateur archaeologist Alfred Watkins in his books Early British Trackways and The Old Straight Track.
One of the things I specifically wanted to do while I was in DC was attend a church service at the National Cathedral. We take students there every year, but we never get to actually see a service. I even mentioned this in my grant proposal so today was the day! Getting there isn't the easiest thing in the world, though. I managed to get to the right Metro stop, but once again the bus system was my downfall. When I had to transfer to the bus I was at the wrong stop, and by the time I got to the right one the bus was gone and the next one wouldn't come until after the service started at 10:00. I thought I gave myself plenty of time to get there, but no luck. By the time I got to The Cathedral it was 10:15. There was another service starting at 11:15 so I figured I would kill some time (I've gotten good at that) until then. The usher, however, told me to go right in. The service was being held in one of the smaller chapels near the gift shop in the basement. The Episcopal service is very similar to the Catholic mass so I felt very comfortable. I got there just as they finished reading the Gospel so I was prepared for the Reverend's homily, but this was the Contemporary Folk Service so the homily was actually a discussion. The Reverend engaged the congregation and asked them questions and for their thoughts. It was a very small chapel so it was very intimate and interesting. After that, I also attended the more traditional service in the main church. Wow! If I can figure out the bus system I would love to go to another service.
I was just challenged by one of my besties to start a new blog…About Fashion! My fashion. More to the point, a sort of “What I am Wearing Today” type of blog. And I love the idea!
Well here we are at the end of my first challenge. I have been so busy with work and on an airplane more than on the ground that I haven't post in a while....shame on me I know. So here goes...
(Six Pack Ranch # 3)
The most macaroni and cheese cooked in one week just because that is the only food her 2 year old will agree to eat during this season
Isn't this a great combination,
Maybe, therefore, it is the pressure to identify too early as belonging to this-or-that sexual orientation - which nowadays seems to be the be-all-and-end-all personal definition - that causes some (I stress, 'some') young homosexuals in the West to take their own lives? If our rather over-indulged society wasn't so obsessed with sex and sexual identity, maybe children and young people wouldn't have to worry so much about those particularly modern Western anxieties like 'losing one's virginity', 'coming out as homosexual', 'being in a sexual relationship', and so on. It may be, then, that it's our overly-sexualised attitude that is contributing to the perceived increase in teen suicides? Maybe we're too keen as a society to force children and young people into sexual situations - whereby 13-year-old girls feel the need to be on the pill (see here) and teenage boys have to pin their hopes on whatever sexual orientation they think they may have?
Massages
For the IAAF to allow the questioning of its performances, and the athletes that are the face of the sport, to continue when it has within its ability to quell the argument seems rather irresponsible to me. Especially given that our biggest failing seems to be in the area of marketing and our biggest obstacle the negativity of doping. More so, when your marketing plan seems to hinge on the development of athletes that you WANT to perform at levels approaching the ceiling of human performance, it would seem that you would do everything in your power to ensure that those same performances do not draw NEGATIVE publicity, otherwise you are at odds with yourself – which is where I find the sport of track and field with respect to its best performances, at odds with itself.
Thirst-quenching has always been possible around the brewery, located along the old (stone) road to Mechelen, the Mechelsesteenweg. The most famous café was probably Café Pelgrim, where the surplus yeast from the brewery across the road was served in shot-glasses as a tonic. For years it functioned as the unofficial brewery tap, but appearantly that did not pull enough pilgrims, so since March the doors have been closed for good.
Music and Lyrics
Now that I had a mathematical expression for the coil, I could go about determining the exact magnetic field for it, rather than assuming it was 8 perfect circular loops. The field is given by:
Bachmann: I plan to win Iowa, lose New
Johnson related some words of wisdom in a recent documentary about his friendship with Bird. It seems that, while championships and racial tensions and team legacies and personal egos were no match for what they shared, there is still one thing they needed to be mindful of: “We never tried to change each other. That’s what made it work.”
53. Curtains For You-After Nights Without Sleep (Spark & Shine)
Therefore, as you can see – lots of good reasons to ensure you eat plenty of sources.
I am a long time fan of Percy Bysshe Shelley’s poetry and have a collection of his work. This is why Michael Hutchence chose to play Shelley in the film.
•Iwata Wataru interviewed by Nadine and Thierry Ribault, Fukushima: Everything has to be done again for us to stay in the contaminated areas – here
Drugs which are over priced because of terrible policy for patents and over regulation that causes shortages…not to mention that Medicare will be bankrupt in only 8 years (2020)…so assuming that Julia is 3 right now then she’ll be 65 in 2074 Medicare will have been bankrupt for over 50 years, so I’m not sure how it’s paying for her prescription drugs, but Obama is just a magical being and can do anything he wants. 2074, a mere 66 years of Obama in office, Obama will also be about 110…one has to wonder how he is still cogent enough to rule with an iron fist, I’m not ruling out at this point a deal with Mephistopheles). Or to put this another way, the Congressional Budget Office projects that, assuming the economy keeps growing at a steady rate (not under it won’t) and that Medicare keeps growing at the rate it has been then right now it accounts for 2.9% of GDP, in 2020 when it goes bankrupt it will account for about 4.1% of GDP, and in 2074 it will account for about 12.8% of GDP (over 4 times the bankruptcy level).
counter all guesses and unruly messes
Hello-Hello, happy top of the new week to all of our treasured readers.
p124 ‘Rather than providing for our spiritual well being, the challenge now is to establish a calendar for use in a worldwide global community.
Yep, bad grammar and an admittance of thievery. Scribe is at her very best. And, since it's 2 a.m. in the goddamn morning and a late-night coffee has held my eyelids hostage, I thought there was no better way than to inspire you.
Why don’t we just leave these people alone? Why don’t we stop with all of the warnings? Why can’t we avoid being judgmental? Why do we offend people? WHY? WHY? WHY?
This shloka of Mahabharata occurs in Mahaprasthanaparva – the great journey of the Pandavas, when they renounce all worldliness, and set off on foot, to the world beyond… They start off from Hastinapura, and first go east, all the way to the eastern ocean of India. Then they walk South and go all the way to Rameshwaram… Then they set of along the west coast, and go right up to Dwaraka… and then going North west.. They reach the foothills of Himalaya… And they start the great climb… And then high up, at one place, Draupadi falls off the path, and is the first one to pass on from this earthly life…
I don't have much to add to what Yonah Freemark has written at The Transport Politic on Amtrak's proposal for true high speed rail on the Northeast Corridor, except that if it were up to me, the Obama administration would be pushing hard for a major infrastructure stimulus package.
13. What is your favorite thing to do?
I’d been wanting to leave my job, too, and was trying to figure out a way to make it happen. Then, after resolving some deep-rooted fear that I’d held for many years, I was finally able to trust God enough to let it go and let it go I did! Once my decision was made and I’d submitted my resignation, God went to work and made my cross-country road trip possible. The idea formulated while I was ridding my life of “stuff”; what an exciting time that was! My trip was delayed a few times so I ended up leaving in the dead of winter but experiencing spring- and summer-like weather the entire trip except for a few days in Oklahoma and Fort Smith, AR.
As if these weren't cool enough, LarkenDesign over on Etsy scored some mug shot negatives that they are making into prints and posters! This one is my favorite:
For those of you who have been awaiting (or, perhaps, dreading) our return to "new content" action on the internet, the time has arrived! Dave and I have decided that the blog format - easily constructed and easily read - is probably the most popular format right now for such direct-to-web content as I've provided in the past; this new blog is the result.
1¼ cup cleaned urad dal (white), soaked for at least 2 - 3 hours, then drained well
“The thing about the word ‘broken’ is it implies that it is ruined. Or that, even if it can be put back together, it will never look presentable. Like if you break a ceramic plate into a million little pieces and you glue every single one back together, no one would want to hang that plate on the wall. But did you know that when you put a piece of ceramic stone in the kiln, the heat automatically creates millions of litte cracks…that were meant to be there? So the stone ends up being cracked…but in a beautiful way. People end up paying thousands of dollars for what appears to be a cracked piece of stone. So maybe we’re just not broken, but just beautifully cracked. And that’s the way it was meant to be.”
So what I want to know is:
Cheerleading
· Strong analysis and design skills
The west rim is part of the Hualapai Indian reservation who are running the skywalk, and selling various trinkets and jewellry charging all and sundry to enter the area. You can also fly over and into the canyon by helicopter, and plane – I should have tried the helicopter, would have been a whoop. Anyway I have lots of pictures from a fun day, spent probably 45 minutes or so on the skywalk (still have my slippers!) and found it quite relaxing on the glass walkway. If it can hold a loaded 747 it can probably hold me, and it did.
Oh, they're gonna lock you up,
These individuals spread their discontent by the propaganda that there are more exciting and self-fulfilling roles for women than homemaking. Some even have been bold to suggest that the Church move away from the “Mormon woman stereotype” of homemaking and rearing children. They also say it is wise to limit your family so you can have more time for personal goals and self-fulfillment. President Benson (“The Honored Place of Woman”, Ensign, Nov. 1981, 104)
It companies me and
I was going to tell you all the wrong ways I tried to solve it, but let's cut to the chase. It was Tracey who put me straight with this.
I did a little research and found that you can still get these but the price is higher. Target has them for the lowest price, around $25 online but I’d call before heading out to your local store to make sure they carry them and that the price is good. They were $44 at other stores online like walmart. Or wait for a yard sale, for some reason people like to get rid of these, little do they know how handy they can be!
I tag anybody who wants to do the tag. Have fun with it and have a nice Sunday!
So they work overtime at producing attitude-changing ‘entertainment’. It is actually propaganda wrapped up in a shiny wrapper to attract the young and the impressionable, but many of its targets do not perceive that.
When you sit through four different panels with the same work, with the agents rotating in and out, you really see how much of an issue of personal taste it is. "Your conflict feels constrained," said one agent of my query, on Day 1 (paraphrased, but this was the essence); "it feels like there should be some larger issue you're addressing." This was a broadly-change-your-query sort of suggestion, so I nodded and took a note, deciding to wait until after the conference to alter it so I could mull over possible changes. What happened on Day 2? That issue wasn't even mentioned by any of the three agents on the next query panel. What one person sees in a letter isn't going to be true of others. (Same goes for pages - the variation in agent reaction to pages was truly remarkable.)
21. Surf Scene - The Surfaris
As much as I’ve always striven and often failed to become a totally self-sustaining woman, no one is an island. I am a social yet anti-social being. I am content with having a handful of acquaintances, deep friendships with my closest kin, and one romantic partner for the rest of my life. I am lonely, bored, and often reckless, directionless, and unaccountable otherwise, even in a sea of like-minded, ambitious, energetic, engaged, aware, and perpetually self-actualizing people. I want to be grounded. I want to be responsible to and over other persons; I want to shape the lives of new members of society. I want to know what it feels like to have a human being grow, move inside, and feed from my body. I want to know what it feels like for my hips to ache as someone leeches calcium from me to build their own little string of pearls we call a spine in a fuzzy, black and white blur on a tiny television screen, set to a two-beat soundtrack; and, I want all of this protected by full consensus and cooperation from my partner and full legal status with contractually predetermined and negotiated terms and obligations for both parties. I come to the table as the wife, not the mistress, in the Diving Bell and the Butterfly—I would be willing to feed, clothe, and communicate with someone one letter at a time if those were the cards we were dealt, but only if they offered me the same assurance.
Thanks for the award Jeff, it really means a lot to me. I'll keep brewing it up thanks to the support you and others have given us.
Money disappeared and little was spent on actually training the troops to use the new stuff, or providing funds to maintain the high tech stuff.
I would like to thank all the folks who supported me while the business grew …. and I hope they will continue to support me and my business…
Two days later I had an email from Paypal advising me that my payment had been frozen while they investigated a complaint from the real Barry, who said that someone had hacked his Paypal account and used it to buy a number of items including my speakers.
Thanks to Sam for bringing my attention to it. Like I replied to him, I'm with this shit until the day the Feds shoot my ass. I ain't giving it up.
Now, here are some things you can’t do if you want to be successful:
We weren't exactly looking for another dog (we already have Dylan, a 5 year old Bedlington), but my sister had told me about a dog she knew was being abused and she'd threatened the owners that if they did anything again, she'd report them (and she would). Anyway, the (female) owner decided that she would part with the youngest of the dogs as that was the one that tended to get the abuse out of the three they had. The youngest was kept in a cage with one of the other dogs nearly all day while they were out at work, then punished (punched or kicked) for yapping - and wasn't house trained at nearly 6 months old.
A few hours later teetering in a semi-reclined position with FB's help and some creativity duct taping a 50 lb. accordion onto me, I pulled myself together, went to my quiet place and said "YOU GOT THIS. YOU'RE GETTING IN THAT MOVIE. RIGHT NOW." To my unborn child I explained, "Look pal, I'm about to play accordion basically on your face soooo....I'm not sure if you'll like this or not but this is who I am and I gotta get this job and this is what trying harder means so you'll just have to sit tight in there and enjoy the new sounds....cause it's gonna be loud."
The roadies carted the gear out of the back of the theater, onto a truck in front of the first tour bus. The lead singer of the opening band, Mona, a guy who looks like Joe Strummer with skinny jeans and a very gynic man purse, mulled around, smoking, talking, seemingly hoping to get the attention of autograph seekers. No one seemed to interested. But the crowd around the bus built to about 80 or so.
1 head celery
Maybe we don’t know what to do if we reach them…
- 1lb of strawberries (destalked and halved)
Got home on Thursday and was immediately involved in the preparations for
Center forecaster Rob Steenburgh said shortly before 5 a.m. EST Thursday that there still had been no noticeable effects on Earth or on a satellite geared to monitor the storm’s impact.
Criminals have not at all great deal of complete.
My goal is to read three books and post two reviews. I already have a review scheduled for Wednesday so that one doesn't count :(
Kennedy is the most recent of the seven officers so far exposed. His behaviour tallies exactly with his forerunners. What he did, and what was done with his intelligence and evidence, was clearly part of an ongoing strategy.
I may just be paranoid. I probably am. But it still doesn’t take away from this stinging pain. He’s been in my life for almost a year and a half.
“I know that me being out there will definitely make a difference,’’ Davis said. “Not just myself but Jon Beason, Ron Edwards to name a few guys that got injured that would have made a world of difference for our defense. We are moving in the right direction and are excited about this season.”
"Details on the murders are not lacking, as the depositions of witnesses to the magistrates have survived in full. While they disagree on some details, they agree on the principal points, and it is apparent that Gesualdo had help from his servants, who may have done most of the killing; however, Gesualdo certainly stabbed Maria multiple times, shouting as he did, "she's not dead yet!" The Duke of Andria was found slaughtered by numerous deep sword wounds, as well as by a shot through the head. When he was found, he was dressed in women's clothing (specifically, Maria's night dress). His own clothing was found piled up by the bedside, unbloodied." "Afterward, he left their mutilated bodies in front of the palace for all to see." Some accounts say that he also killed his second born son as well, since he doubted it was his.
Unicorn Song...Irish Rovers
The Lao papaya salad is darker and fishier than its Thai cousin, assaulting your senses with the pungency of salted crabs and anchovies. Hot, salty, sour and sweet, it's a rush of flavours that sends you buzzing with a tingling tongue.
Stay tuned ... there's more chaos to come now that we have Sheridan's soccer schedule, Matt's Afghanistan training schedule, the kids spring break schedule, and of course, my new job!
It slopes up from the rue Pixérécourt, flanked on either side by turn of the century apartment blocks. One yellow and red stripy brick. One pale Paris stone.
This dessert was an unexpected success. I was watching Giada one day and she made this delicious strawberry parfait. Her recipe called for a cup of heavy cream, whipped, mashed up strawberries with sugar and vanilla meringue cookies. I loved the look of Giada's dessert, but knew whipped cream was not going to be an ingredients in my reduced calorie version.
E: Could you give us a little idea behind the writing process of your music?
Miss Kitty had the heart of a lion, and persevered during her last two weeks with the aid of opiates and in-home vet care. With the ultimate responsibility resting on my shoulders, decisions weighed heavily. Our last ten days together were spent doing all Miss Kitty’s favorite things-sunbathing in the newly mowed grass, hiding amongst the tall patch of tiger lilies, playing hide and seek, presenting her toy mouse to me many times per day, and quality naps on the heating pad. Even her appetite improved the final week, making my choice even more difficult.
If I have a complaint about the book it’s around the action at the climax of the story and the final unravelling of who did what to whom – I couldn’t really keep up & felt I needed some post-its to try to keep track!
The crowd of runners divided around mile 12, and there was a huge cheer station at the split rooting on the half-ers. But, immediately after it was just us fulls left, there was nothing.
Because we did SO many amazing things on our trip, I'll have to split them up into a few posts. I'll start with a few highlights this time around, and then give you a play by play throughout the next few days. Sound good?
Gnomegang: Collaboration between Ommegang and D'Achouffe
Numidian Cavalry
I should share that I've never actually made creamy chicken and rice soup. It just kind of came to me and I know what I like, so I just winged-it and it turned out soooo yummy!! And guess what? I actually measured the ingredients. Amazing, I know. : )
Reproductive freedom is then explored in two chapters. Lisa Ikemoto investigates Relf v Weinberger (1977) and the problem of involuntary sterilizations, particularly of minority and low income women. From here, she broadens and situates the Relf sisters’ stories in a context in which women’s reproductive freedom was restricted in many ways. In relation to Harris v McRae (1980) Rhonda Copelon and Sylvia Law critique the denial of funding for abortions deemed medically necessary and the effect on the health and lives of many women, which is significant in contemporary debates around health care in the US.
He collaborated with all who were interested – to share and learn together. Part of that collaboration was writing Maximum Accessibility with, as he was fond of saying, his co-ARTHOR Sharron Rush of Knowbility.org. Also. Knowbility announced today that their AccessU training event will be renamed in honor of John. From now on it will be known as the John M. Slatin AccessU.
I let his words marinate in my head. Maybe he’s right. Maybe it is time to finish what I started.
You, Lord, make me happy, and I need nothing more.
Independence Brewing Co. gives back to the community in a unique way. Certified organic local rancher Calvin Jechow owner and operator of Six J Ranch in Thorndale, collects the barley that Independence used to brew and uses it to feed his livestock including, free range chickens, turkeys and goats. The meat is later sold at Austin-area farmers markets which collectively benefit the Sustainable Food Center.
If your employer has made advance payments for causally related care, reimbursements can be directed by the WCB. In addition, various payments made under contract or state law in certain circumstances and subject to contract documents may also be reimbursable to the entity making the payment. If a non-employer and non co-employee is negligent and the cause of the injury; then they could be found to be ultimately liable for all compensation costs in the case subject to the amounts contained in the negligent or malpractice action. This is known as a third party case. As such, the negligent party and its insurance provider can be compelled to reimburse the workers’ compensation provider who has already paid or create a credit to the benefit of the compensation provider to future obligations equal to the amounts contained in the third party case subject to case law regarding apportionment issues. Detailed discussion on these issues are contained in the “Kelly” and “Burns” cases and their progeny. ( See standard disclaimer as noted below.)
19) JACK THE RIPPER – The Weirdos
If I participated in StoryADay, I’d end May with…well…thirty-one crappy flash fiction pieces. (Note: I’m not saying all flash fiction pieces are crappy, or that all StoryADay pieces are crappy. Just that if I participated in this event, my work — under those kind of constraints — would be crappy). It’d be crappy because my passion for writing would end up divided in thirty-one directions. I wrote an excessively long comment to this post - so long I felt I had to apologize, and so long that I figured I might as well post it here. A shorter and more appropriate answer would be that yup, I did write a bunch of crappy stories last year, so I see where you're coming from, Nicole. Despite that, I'm doing the challenge again this year. Here's why.
And her parrot was a pain in the neck sometimes. That's why I know that parrots can talk too much. He was kept right outside her kitchen door, in a very neat spot, where he could walk around and keep an eyeball in everything that was happening in the kitchen, since the door was always wide open, as well as on the gate that lead to the backyard.
To keep (or put) you all in the loop here's the short version of what Beer Blokes is up to.
He never fails and to Him I have given my heart!
- Entertain them.
Tune in later on in the week for my, hopefully, daily updates from the convention - as well as an account of my adventures in Hollywood!
To sum up, this clause will usually say something like this:
Sólrún Sumarlidadóttir: It’s always like that. There’s always a table between us, sometimes with instruments and sometimes with food.
Now let’s take the government of the United States and ask the question:
Similarly, it’s death to self that separates us from the attachments we hold dear. But we have to do it.
#2 - A realization
- The recipe can be made with lemons or limes. Medrich notes that in the case of using Meyer lemons, which are milder in flavor than regular lemons, you should cut sugar nearly in half.
when all we need,
Camden is turning one next week, and I'm sitting here trying to figure out where the last year went. I feel like it was yesterday that we discovered we were pregnant, then I blinked, and he was born, then I blinked, and I was planning his first birthday. But enough of my reminiscing. Camden has really started to have a little personality, and it is so fun! Allow me to tell you a little bit about him:
Missing in Action by Jim Eanes & His Shenandoah Valley Boys
So we're all clear on what we mean by "tagline," at the end of the UPS commercials when they say, "What can brown do for you?" that's the tagline, not a completely out-of-context poop reference.
I got a little nervous on the loooong ride to the top of the 255" tall, first hill. The drop is a monster that bottoms out in a tunnel. Aside from it's height, what makes Titan interesting is the two helices you go through practically on your side. One spirals up to the third drop, the other spirals down near the end. While pulling 4.5 Gs, you can look over and see the ground turning underneath. It's intense.
May 29 – Tour featuring Microfilm Reader/Printers and Genealogy Resources in the History Department
a stack of books sitting on a dust covered table top
CBS then tried a major rewrite, from changing the hacker from a loner to one with a beau, to changing her sidekick, a white male PI, to a black female lawyer.
One thing many business owners do not like about BOP insurance is the lack of flexibility these kinds of policies provide. Business owner’s need to realize that there is a trade-off when they select BOP coverage. Because the product is standardized and therefore easier for the company to sell and service, it is offered at a lower cost. However, in order to maintain that standardization, BOPs don’t usually allow for any customizations or deviations from the base product. If the BOP you are looking at doesn’t provide exactly what you need, you may need to purchase additional coverage which must be factored into your overall cost/benefit analysis.
A 110-pound 85 year old woman says she’ll sue TSA afterbeing subjected to a strip search at JFK airport. The agents escorted her to a private room and strip searched her after she requested to not be x-rayed because she wears an implanted defibrillator. The 4 foot 11-inch woman uses a walker because she is hunch-backed says the agents took her into the private room and took off her clothes. She added, “Do I look like a terrorist?”
With more every day scenes flashing on the screen, Eastwood adds, "The people in Detroit know a little something about this. They almost lost everything. But we all pulled together. Now Motor City is fighting again." With the music punctuating his remarks, Eastwood goes on: "I've seen a lot of tough eras, a lot of downturns in my life. Times when we didn't understand each other. It seems that we've lost our heart at times. The fog of division, discord and blame, made it hard to see what lies ahead." As scenes of protesters give way to black and white photos of kids and firefighters, Eastwood builds, "But after those trials, we all rallied around what was right and acted as one. Because that's what we do. We find a way through tough times. If we can't find a way then we'll make one. All that matters now is what's ahead. How do we come from behind? How do we come together?
He is God’s only begotten Son. He is the son of man. He is both fully God and fully human. Jesus came to teach us. He came to show us God’s plan for salvation. He came to die so that plan of salvation could be realized. He died and was buried. On the third day, He arose again to being hope and fulfill the promises that had been made. He ascended into heaven to sit at the right hand of God the Father, and He will return to judge the world.
Note: This post is the first in a new series that I have called Paris People. I have left out the word ‘invisible’, but I am nevertheless interested in focusing on people who work behind the scenes. This series will mostly be about working people, individuals who are passionate about their business and who you are likely to come across when visiting the city but not necessarily notice. It also gives me the opportunity to write about some of my favourite places!
New York is but a shell of what it was becoming a few scant years ago, and if it weren’t for its Nike affiliation Pre would be in the same boat. USATF needs to take a hard look at the competition schedule here in the United States, and look for ways to provide more and better opportunities for OUR athletes to be able to compete HERE at home. Because at the current rate youngsters growing up today will have no idea what a real world class meet looks like live, up close, and personal.
Do you have a special saying or verse memorized that you like to recall in times of need? Please share! I'd love to add it to my repertoire. Have a great day.
So anyway. Out of time again. Hopefully I’ll have a clue by tomorrow.
25th
Here’s my best (and lacking) approximation of the what-are-you-looking-at face he so often made. He’d probably have scoffed at anything more extravagant than JW Black, but, well, there you go. It’s all I had. Here’s to Hitch.
Ten finalists will be shortlisted by our judges pannel, and the winner will receive £10,000 cash, plus mentoring time with some of the UK’s best regarded entrepreneurs.
So our optimism allows us to picture a happy future with a larger family. How large is still a decision. How do decide when you’ve had the amount of children you want?
Inside (which I forgot to take a picture of) is a pocket on the left for a gift card and a place for a handwritten message on the right. I used three of the little Red Itsy Glitsy flowers from the kit to enhance the scrollwork on the stamped image.
And, as Adam said when he first met Eve; “Stand back. I’m not too sure how big this thing’s gunna get.”
“Yes, sir. I mean let me get my schedule for this week and next,” I said. I ran over to the counter and tapped Leah on the shoulder.
So, round and round we go, stepping over successes, great and small, along the way. Oops! I just stepped over the goal of starting my project/finishing my project! Oops! I just stepped over my goal of finding an agent/having my work published/getting paid for writing/querying agents-small presses-lit mags/having someone I respect love my work or encourage me. Oops! I just stepped over my goal of my work being published. Oops, I just stepped over my goal of (fill in blanks). And as you circle, you pass people who are running to catch up and pass you as you run to catch up and pass someone else.
I'm on March Break! Aside from a trip to Halifax for some shopping and good eats this upcoming weekend, I am around home all week working on some projects. Two rooms on the agenda are the dining room and a bedroom. Thankfully, I have a little help with the painting!
5/25 – Montreal, QC @ Il Motore
Sadly, that's all that has been interesting going on in my life. I may have a Fortune Street rant coming up, and a Faith update sometime in the future.
I wonder what kind of song it will be. Probably of the beach.
this dresser was a piece that my client had inherited, but having found this photo in a horchow catalog, decided that it might be nicer painted to look like the piece in the photo. enter: me. :)
What we are witnessing is the natural evolution of language, not a corruption of it. Words that first appear as slang may prove their utility over time, eventually becoming an official part of our language. Not all chat-speak will make it, but just like “FAQ,” “AKA” and “FYI,” the most useful ones will survive.
Add the sugar, coffee, cocoa, liquor and vanilla and mix well, until all th ingredients are combined.
And one day a week artisan Dalani Tanahy comes to Aulani to share her experiences and knowledge in this artform; it's history, the tools and materials and the challenges modern kapa makers faced helping to resurrect the knowledge from old accounts and extant artifacts as all of the original kapa makers were gone.
Peepul Centre, Leicester 26th-27th October
Recommended readings and references include but are not limited to:
Shining Line (Avenue Of Allies) are an Italian based melodic rock band who have roped in a series of guest vocalists including Harry Hess (Harem Scarem), Michael Voss and Robin Beck. A very strong album and perfect for the summer!
Card base is kraft 6.5 x 5. First paper mat is chalkboard paper from H/L Paper Studio. Dot paper 4.5 x 6), apple paper (6 x 4)and plaid(6.5 x 2.5) are from DCWV School Days pack. Circle paper: Red gingham is from CM and alphabet is from H/L Paper Studio
For as long as I can remember, and most certainly before that, my grandmother has made Easter Bread every year. This bread isn't pretty to look at but its dense, almost cake-like crumb makes it an ideal candidate for dipping in coffee or milk. Its slightly sweet taste also pairs well with some savory foods. A family favorite: Easter bread served with dried sweet Italian sausage on Easter morning.
I’m moving into my taper weeks now. My goal is to make the most of my workouts. Shouldn’t that always be the case??? But you know how it is. I guess I mean that instead of just getting the miles in, I will really push hard to work on my pace and get more comfortable with my pace when tired. Overall, I am pleased with how things are going. I might not be getting to yoga 3 times a week like I would love to do, but at least I am getting in once a week and sometimes two. I’m consistently doing 2 strength workouts a week. The only struggle is fitting in a good cross training (Spin class, preferably). Classes at the gym can be difficult for me to make due to Noah not always agreeing to my schedule. But you do what you can, ya know.
And the lord sayeth, this is my blood, shed for you, and Jesse Ventura said, if it bleeds, we can kill it….
After the First World War, Poland, which had previously been split up between Germany, Austria and Russia, was now reinstated as a nation. At the same time, the future of Upper Silesia was in question. Naturally, both Germany Poland wanted this important mining and industrial area - and those members of the Allies - notably France - who desired above all the weakening of Germany were keen that Poland should have it. There was a plebiscite to decide which nation Upper Silesia should belong to.
I hope in the coming weeks, I can better verbalize all the ideas and thoughts that are floating in my head. I feel so incredibly blessed to have had the opportunity I did, and I am absolutely certain about a couple more things:
It's 8.48pm and I am procrastinating. I have mock exams in merely days. I have my real exams in under four weeks. I have so much to do, and quite literally, not enough time. I have an enormous assignment due very soon. I also have infected sinuses. (Thanks for that one immune system - i love counting on you in my times of need.) I am finishing school...I am finishing school.
“God bless America. Oh, and everyone else if he has the time…”
This is the first post, and there’s nobody here, so I shall welcome myself.
Adding a link to any post makes it worlds more effective than in if you just put up a post with out one. On the bottom of every blog, you will find a link to my website Hell, scroll down, you will find either a link or a full signature with a couple links. On the top of my YouTube videos is a link. Get link crazy!
Since I got through the border so late, I didn’t make it to Nazareth until about 7pm. I arrived to find Ian, who had been waiting for me the entire day (bless his heart) sitting with his new friend and restaurant owner, Abu Firas. We wouldn’t have been able to make it back to Ramallah till really late and Ian informed me we’d been invited to stay the night with Abu Firas and his family in their village a few minutes away. I spoke to my delightful new Amo and agreed. Less than an hour in and I was already being adopted by Palestinian families and doing things that seem inconceivable and beyond unsafe in the States.
Unknown: 1 (0.1%)
1. Preheat the oven to 350*.
expert on national time policies who has been called "the world's foremost authority on Daylight Saving Time (DST)." As a computer scientist specializing in artificial intelligence, he pioneered in the application of knowledge-based systems. As an author, he has four published books and many magazine and newspaper articles. And as a DST expert, he has been a consultant for the U.S. Congress and the British Parliament. He has appeared on about two hundred TV and radio programs in the U.S. and around the world. His book, “Seize the Daylight” (2005), results from many years of DST research, during which he discovered a great number of remarkable DST incidents and fascinating anecdotes.
First off, when you speak, not that everything you say has to be interesting, but just be sure that it is not unnecessary/invalid/awkward/etc etc. ei- person 1: So I had a daisy planted in my garden last week, it’s growing out prett-; person 2: I have daisies, lots of daisies in my garden.
“Just do it,” a voice whispers. It’s followed by more voices, of different people. They talk over each other and mingle together, producing one clear cut message – that I’m a waste of a life.
If you want more information on supplements and exercise check out what the ACSM has to say about it here: click me!
Every child has the right to a good school education irrespective of the financial circumstances of their parents.
preferred to teach a school
Cover and steam for about 3 minutes till they are just tender
A stack of overdue bills and went off to save the world
Smoky, grainy.
Off we went to the hotel and off I went to deep sleep. As it turned out, Alex was restless and went for a walk, thereby discovering that the French Quarter was only a few blocks away and that drunken college boys fling strings of beads even when it's not Mardi Gras.
I now know why youth is wasted on the young. If we only knew what we were truly experiencing, that we could never get it back, how could we ever move on? What would we do if we could have known that the broad-mouthed streets and heavenward buildings would grow smaller and tatty with age? What would our child-selves have thought if our adult-aged counterparts had told us that our friends would one day be strangers? That we would grow apart; we would fall out of love; some friends would die; some friends would change. But every last one of us would eventually grow up.
Now we have a nice, spandy-fresh cart with magnets in their proper places, salem sump tubes that aren't in packaging so old that both it and the tube have become discolored and brittle (holy crap you would not BELIEVE), and the proper number of needles, large and small, and medications, unexpired. It only took me three hours, between answering phones, helping turn patients, resetting monitors, taking delivery of a cartload of supplies, and fixing the computer that decided suddenly to regress to its roots.
the window curtain
Nutty and silky on the palate, low in salt with a warm, gentle finish
Of course, I’ve only been here for two months, so this is in no way an exhaustive list. It’s just what I’ve experienced so far. What differences have you found between your home country and where you live now?
It is amusing only in that it would make a good Herman Cain campaign jingle.
In addition to the foregoing General Objections, Plaintiff objects to Request No. 7 on the grounds that it is overbroad, unduly burdensome and calls for information that is not relevant to any claim or defense of any party. Subject to and without waiving any objection, Plaintiff will search for and produce at the appropriate time during discovery relevant, non-privileged communications concerning the May 30, 2005 article that is the subject of this lawsuit, as well as relevant, non-privileged documents relating to Plaintiff's damages.
Giving shelter to the fugitive could get her in serious trouble. The Elders have always described the advanced society of people beyond the Frost, the “Farthers,” as ruthless and cruel, and her village has nothing to do with them. But Lia is startled to find that Gabe is empathetic and intelligent…and handsome. She might even be falling in love with him.
We live in the information age, but what Ranadivé saw was that as fast as information travels, it’s not fast enough. These kinds of conversations — between the Japanese prime minister, other world leaders, Schwab, and experts who could offer help during the impending nuclear disaster — took place over the days and weeks that followed the earthquake and tsunami that struck Japan last year. With TopCom, Ranadivé argues, they could have happened within minutes and hours, possibly saving lives.
We approach nightime with fear and trepidation, knowing full well what's to come. I prep for a full night of trips outside into the ice cold air, hoping that helps. Or we try a hot shower steam sauna to see if that works. I bunk with him, I listen closely to see if we're getting to a distress point that needs an ER trip. Chris holds down the fort.
Savory Irish Stew and warm Soda Bread prepared by Head Chef George Powell will be served to complement an Irish Stout brewed on-site. A special cask-conditioned version of the Irish Stout will be served that evening. 22-ounce bottles of the stout will be available to take home.
That both characters, Winter and Hinson, are given brief emphasis back to back in this book, makes an overspeculative man like me speculate that perhaps two characters in Stevens’ novel, Scorched Earth, about Mississippi born political consultant Matt Bonney, are in fact based on these two. Powell Bonney, the political consultant’s father, a former segregationist who goes on to be an excellent governor, with Luke Bonney as the consultant’s brother, a man just like the consultant, his near twin in fact, whose first campaign was managed by Matt Bonney.
who
These two shots were runners up for my favourite shot. The reason I love them ended up being the reason I didn’t choose them (it's difficult to discern what's happening), but look at them…
Weekend
With this batch of Saison, I portioned-off 5 gallons of the 10-gallon batch into another carboy, and inoculated it with a Lambic Brett (bacterial culture). One to two years in a damp, cool corner of my basement, and we're off to Belgium, (right here in Kansas). Which is funny, because the town that I live in was settled by people from Belgium. Spinach farmers from Belgium, in fact. Hmmm. A spinach farmhouse ale, maybe? No effing way!
Leave a comment on as many blog hop stops as possible. FOUR commenters left on the NinaB Designs team blogs will be picked to win prizes. One comment per blog please. This is open to our international friends. Here are the links to the NBD team:
But mostly I just write in the morning because if I don't, I get grouchy and feel something elemental is missing, an anchor that keeps me connected to the past and the future in a way that is uniquely mine.
Overall, the film is a bore. But one could watch it for fantastic cinematography and some warm moments. For fantasy lovers, it falls in the ‘essential watch’ list.
Thank you for all the kind comments and well wishes that I received from my previous post, it is much appreciated.
I know I'm bad. I haven't been keeping track of what week I am.
"Tangi's Teardrops is a story about a poor young girl named Tangi, who's father recently passed away, leaving her nothing but three small glass bottles. She and her mean step sisters go to live with her Uncle. While her Uncle is away for work, Tangi gets treated horribly not only by her sisters but the housekeeper. On night Tanji has a dream that changes her life forever...
~Covergirl concealer in "buff beige"
I’ve received your letter. I remember you very well. That time I lost to you in arm wrestling, no way I’d ever forget that. You want to come here? Come over. Young men like yourself should not waste themselves at home. They are constructing new lines, and they need people. Come as soon as you can. I take the responsibility for finding you a job.
The UK news media revived Chapman’s celebrity status by mistakenly reporting that US FBI Special Agent C. Frank Figliuzzi (they’re all “special” over there at the Bureau) told them Anna Chapman was “getting close to a member of US President Obama’s cabinet” at the time she was caught. It was later reported that members of the UK press had misunderstood something that Franky the Fig had said. (My nickname, not the Bureau’s.)
He looked at me like "huh?" and then said "Well, we don't do that sort of thing here". And I'm all "Yeah? Like I do car fires regularly myself?" (And in my head I'm thinking "And it's my goddamn birthday and I want to be in the cool water even though I do have my damn period and I'm fat and bloated and my only swimsuit is a tiny black bikini and I WANT MY SALAD WITH THE CHICKEN AND THE HONEY MUSTARD AND MY GODDAMN CAR IS ON FIRE AND DID I MENTION ITS MY FUCKING BIRTHDAY GODDAMMIT?")
(Looking through a magazine) "I think Dada gave me this magazine when he was a mailman."
NVIC developed the NVIC Advocacy Portal because we know it is time to get serious about legally defending the human right to informed consent to medical risk-taking in America. Big medical organizations and doctors with financial ties to vaccine manufacturers are advocating for the elimination of vaccine exemptions in state vaccine laws. We cannot allow ourselves to become captive consumers of every new vaccine that drug companies produce.
How many Christians claim that promise for today and it is true but not to the extent as we have today in grace. For those in the kingdom they had the PARACLETE. That is the Greek word for the Holy Spirit but to what extent. It means to call to one’s side.
Really love my gadgets and would like to obtain as many as i can!
So the Nimby won. And the Nimby is French.
Naturally, I'm not going to be dressed down for this occasion - break out the strapless party dress and the rocker chick accessories! Yeah, I know I wore the boots & belt already this week, but only my co-workers saw them.
“Who was the Coroner on scene?” Reilly checked the report.
Hale's Ales Brewery
We will be adding exclusive content only available to fans of our page with tips and techniques on how to skyrocket your business. You don’t want to miss these!
Guardian Angel Publishing Author Blogs:
Elizabeth II and I go back a very long way. When I was eight years old, George VI died and I can remember all the grown-ups around me being very upset. The photograph of the three queens in mourning made a strong impression on me.
Our technology has continued to get smaller in size as it has become more and more advanced. Now, however, we are at an impasse of wanting large screens, but smaller products overall. This is just one of the ways people are attempting to shrink technology: Inserting it into our skin.
NOTE: If you have a preference for one of the items (book or pattern and needle keep), you may note it in your comment (optional).
Matthew is not referring to the Messiah as being a Nazarite, for nowhere in the Jewish Scriptures is it said that the Messiah will take the Nazarite vow. Furthermore, the spelling of the words Nazarite, nazir (from the Hebrew root N-Z-R), and Nazarene, notsri (from the Hebrew root N-TZ- R), are not the same in Hebrew.
“What you’re seeing is a gigantic exercise in behavioral finance,” says Brian Barish, president of Cambiar Investors, referring to studies that show investors feel the pain of losses more intensely than the pleasure of gains. “The ability to scare the hell out of people is much greater than the ability to attract them to equities.”
Even if you don't have a party in the near future, this is a good time to stock up!
OK. I'm done now. Thanks for listening~~XO
The Volt is an electric vehicle with extended-range capability. It is designed to drive up to 40 miles on electricity without using gasoline or producing tailpipe emissions. When the Volt’s lithium-ion battery is depleted of energy, an engine/generator seamlessly operates to extend the total driving range to about 300 miles before refueling or stopping to recharge the battery.
I had found Mendocino in a bargain bin at Grandpa's discount store in Joplin, Missouri, the summer before I started law school.
Here's the same outfit, with two different ways to get inspired:
Don't get me wrong, Australia rocks a market too - and I intend on spending a lot of time (and money) at the South Melbourne and Queen Vic markets. However, there is something about a Marché Provençal that's uniquely French and kind of wonderful. The produce is exceptional and the lively atmosphere, local colour, fragrant (and not so fragrant - fish stalls - ew) aromas that all combine together in a formula that has probably stayed much the same for decades.
Is community more important to us women than it is to men? Many would say yes. Many years ago when I was bringing my then three-year-old daughter to nursery school, I was invited by another Mom to a women’s Bible study taking place during nursery school time. I was terrified at the thought of going into a room with others I had never even met and a Bible study, another first? That first study that took all the courage I could pull up was titled “The Friendships of Women”. That took some scariness away but by no means all. I am not one who ever had many real friendships. There was the friend I went to church with sometimes as a youngster, she lived 3 doors down the street and was my only friend. There were other girls in the neighborhood, but they didn’t really accept me. At age 56 I still have not learned the art of making and sustaining true friendships. People tend to look at me incredulously if I voice that. For most that is just instinct they grew up posessing. I pray God will show me what I lack to make the kind of friendships most have and that study said are a natural need God built into each of us women.
“Sheikh Al-Qaradhawi should ask about the Palestinian refugees who live a tough life and are treated like animals in many Arab countries. They are forbidden from working and earning a livelihood – and some are even forbidden from traveling and visiting their families.
· challenges you can do – should you be struggle to satisfy the reimbursement time, what stands out as the provider’s insurance plans and charges and many others.
Despite the defense from Zimmerman’s allies, a new witness has stepped forward and said she and her roommate heard Trayvon screaming before hearing a shot being fired.
Another such order this weekend could push more support for Bersih, which launched the protest as some of their demands were not met when a Parliamentary Select Committee (PSC) made 22 recommendations to reform the electoral process.
It's the angel or the beast
I wrote two full pages of this.
I'm planning on playing with the kids. A lot. And maybe seeing if I can teach the imp to read.
May 03 1:20 AM
Has the cycle finally been --
I’ll be sharing excerpts from my novel and talking about my progress writing it. Someday you can read the whole thing, when it’s published! For now, I hope you enjoy my adventures in putting my world into words!
The education that we purchased upon entering college is just that, a commodity that we can tack onto the tops of our resumes in the hope of looking appealing to future employers. We have essentially purchased the connotation that goes along with the school that we attended. College doesn’t necessarily prepare you for the workforce, it doesn’t help you with job placement or offer in-depth apprentice-type experiences in the field of your choice (leave that to external internship and summer programs).
This seems to be a major focus of debate concerning the epithet. But, I wonder if perhaps we should look at it a bit differently. Perhaps the god is not merely a protector/destroyer of mice and mortals (which I believe he very much is), but perhaps our Lord Apollon is the Mouse.
When at last he smiles
Bronze: Le Serpent, Snake River Brewing, Jackson, WY
Fancy inviting your Bulgarian neighbours over? Well here’s my faux-pax free, fail- safe guide to hosting (and surviving) your very own multi-cultural bash.
It's interesting. I am realizing more that my true voice is very close to the one that I used in my earliest pieces of writing before I read several great authors, knew about various literary resources and zines, had taken many workshops, or received much feedback. Not to say that I haven't made progress since those pieces or that all of those resources didn't help. But I can use those tools to help shape my voice rather than to eradicate it, which is what I considered doing for a while because I felt it simply wasn't "good enough." It's all part of the process. These stages are to help me discover myself, not to hide myself. I know one person who said your writing voice is you speaking on your very best day. I know a painter who feels that the goal of his is to return to his earliest paintings, which he considers his best. Perhaps innocence truly is bliss - it is genuine and content, it is not self-conscious.
Cover and scenery
Don’t be afraid to add an action station for a plated dinner. Have a coffee station set up so the guests will get up and stretch and mingle, then head over to an interactive dessert station. How about offering a variety of fresh fruit for the healthy people, mini donuts for those less health conscious and then to top it off, have a chocolate fountain to cover your fruit with? Having a chef fire up some Crème Brûlée is also a great interactive dessert station. Again, consult your catering manager; they know what has been successful at their property and can make great suggestions. Chefs by nature are creative people. They really do like it when a planner says they don’t want the regular banquet menus.
Can attention be trained–mindfullness, meditation can help, metacognition,
specialized
I have spent the week painting and whining about painting. I am making progress, but I'm still not done. Me taking on a painting project means that my house is a major mess. I focus on painting and leave everything else for the laundry and dish fairies to take care of. The still haven't shown up.
We never wished you to believe that 11.11.11 would be the ultimate date, and if any misconstrued our words as such then we are sorry. However, the days and weeks that follow 11.11.11 are most important, and many of you will now find others embracing and fulfilling the role they were meant to play in this time. As you have been told from other sources, Mother Earth is indeed now existing in the higher dimensions, but still leaving some room to grow for those on Her surface who were hit by these energies so strongly that they themselves didn’t even realize they were hit by them. This period is now an adjusting period, a period where you all begin to recognize the higher energies you are existing in, and begin to anchor them more fully into yourselves.
Pun Chun restaurant is right in the middle of town along the main road and has been in operation for 70 years and their Kai Chai Paeng were of the thick, doughy type made with lard and some pork but now they also have the thin and crispy version.
I believe this is echinacea. The echinacea I have in my yard not just this garden is coming up from seed. This one is from seed. It has a foxglove beside it and they are fighting for space. Hoping for some pretty blooms. There a couple of echinacea plants here.
Through the strength of Heaven My stories are dissolving, fading out,
him there.
But I know what everyone is most interested in is the behind the scenes.
I look at the words that surround me and the memories attached to every book in my possession and remember. I read that one when I was a teen; philosophy hidden in a cheap pink paperback. This one was carelessly dropped in the sand. "Notes from the underground" on a beach. What would Dostoyevsky say if he knew that his work is associated with scent memories of surfboard and ocean? My earliest copy of Tolkien reminds me of reading past my bedtime.
We have a nice little kiddie pool, as well as a water-squirting hop-scotch toy. Unfortunately, we don't have a yard quite yet to put those things out on. But, we pulled out some tarps, the hose, and our new water toys, put them on our deck, and let the water flow! The girls had a blast staying nice and cool in the blistering heat. The baby is now taking a nap... she tired herself out from all the fun. Who knows... the girls just may jump back into the water in a few hours. It doesn't get dark here until after nine so we'll have to wait and see.
Gladys is my black frizzle pekin. It took me two years to track her down, and the ever tolerant husband had a 90 mile round trip to pick her up. She is a lovely, fluffy, curly girl. Or, as the ever tolerant husband puts it, she looks like a pekin that has held on too long to the dynamite in a Warner Bros. cartoon. Whatever your view on frizzled feathered fowl, she is undisputedly distinctive.
James A. Giberson, 43, New York, N.Y.
and I realized that this visible invisible bond
A recent study confirms what many parents have long suspected: going to university can make young people forget what’s important and embrace values that are counter to what they learned growing up.
I’m married to a man who will do what it takes to take care of his family. Most of our married life he has worked several jobs at a time (and never ones that are glorious, and always at bad hours of the day) and none of them are ones he went to school for a “career” for. But as yucky as that is – we both know that it’s what comes at the end of the day, whatever time that maybe, that really counts. I am lucky. I am blessed. I don’t forget that for a moment.
Today I want to introduce you to Amanda Underwood and her vision for missions in Kenya. This is her video… (Produced by my amazing girlfriend Kristen Hiller)
-1 Teaspoon honey
Conger was charged with aggravated assault and Reynolds with battery, according to the report.
Taxpayers are advised to label the top margin of the tax forms filed under this relief provision in large, red letters with the words “February 2012 Storms.” Taxpayers requiring assistance with penalty waivers or additional tax information may contact the Department of Revenue at (502) 564-4581.
This is a great show for vintage lovers. The costumes and styling are completely over the top, and as a result the characters seem have a brilliant cartoon like quality. Particular mention to the wig department for the ladies do's. Even if you are not a great appreciator of the 60s, you can not help enjoying the way this show looks. The sets seem to jump out at you too, like a child's pop up book.
we went into the living room and just talked
holding on. that is what i do.
Men need to align to this feminine energy more, and become softer and more gentler, women need to encompass all the feminine traits in a more rounded balanced way,…Jesus carried this pose in abundance,and although a man was in total alignment with the feminine source. The so-called “Womens Liberation ” movement of the 60.s the burn your bra brigade was essentially the moment in time when women were meant to find themselves and align with this energy..unfortunatly the idea got hijacked by out of control egotistic male basher,s and led many women down a path more aligned for men..as a consequence many young girls of today have lost their sense of femininity and have moved towards the more egotistical male way of life…A prime example of this was the female British prime minister Margaret Thatcher, instead of changing the old way of male self-destruction egotistical ideas, and bringing in more softer, feminine healthy ways..she in fact took British politics to verge of fascism and with the nasty traits of greed, selfishness, and coldness..women are such an important part in the resurrection of love and compassion and need to ditch this unhealthy male induced life style and realign with their much more healthy and enhancing female spirit..especially women in the western world..Eastern women need to be liberated of the male domination over them…but the key is a balance of softness and strength…warrior women and devout female.women have no reason to outdo men, that is pure bs and ego driven..they can do far more things than men are ever capable of..certaintly more then I can do..go forth and do them and do them well , the time for a united mother is upon us..Gaia the earth mother goddess will embrace all of us..her feminine energy is pure and powerful.
For a week and a half I lived off of (delicious) pizza, pasta, and gelato (icecream), then we moved on to Paris for 4 days and ate in an actual "French" restaurant once, before deciding that it was all too expensive (my omelette of probably 3 eggs + 2 ingredients (i chose mushrooms and swiss cheese) cost 10 freaking Euros. eff that.) and the Greek place down the street from our hotel was much, much more economical, and pretty damn delicious.
Again, every entry was SO neat! Michelle will you please email stephanie at funkiemunkiescraps@gmail.com... please include your address and tell her what craftiness you are inclined to perform: stamping/scrapping/both... and let her know if you have any specific projects or styles that you work with!!!
I wonder sometimes is there just more sickness, more evil in the world today.
Shakespeare had a birthday this month and so did I. Unfortunately they did not coincide. They would have done if my mother had waited three days. Instead, I share a birthday with Adolf Hitler. In fact one friend who couldn't remember the date, looked up Hitler on the Net to find out when my birthday was. (You see she remembered that coincidence).
There is a gym down the street that is part of a franchise offering movement and fitness classes for kids. Their website indicates that they offer classes starting as early as two months old but this particular location apparently does not offer those. So, we will have to wait until he is 5 months old to get started there. I am looking forward to trying this place out though because they seem to have lots of fun ways to entertain and engage the kids in movement.
i found that the krylon watermelon spray paint was pretty darn close to the gossip bench
This past Friday, we visited the Franklin Institute Science Museum in Philadelphia. It is always a fun, hands-on experience. Where else can you walk through a giant heart and ride on a 350-ton locomotive? :-) You can see the rest of the photos here.
The papers is by Poppy design.
- better viewing in challenging lighting (dark or bright sun)
“There is really little that’s innovative about all of this. The reality is that if you look at the big players in the industry, they have a low cost arm and a premium arm. If anything, MAS is just playing catch up only now,” said an observer.
* 2 cups sour cream (I used fat free)
and with that, we've hit all those first year . . .
Several weeks later on October 14th, his 16-year-old son, Abdulrahman al-Awlaki, was also murdered in a CIA drone strike, while on his way to a barbecue. Abdulrahman was a full American citizen, born in Denver, Colorado.
That is just a letter a week for six weeks.
1/4 tsp dried marjoram
With few options left, Erin begrudgingly accepts Clay’s help . . . and it just might be her undoing.
"We've got a new set of creators coming in with new voices in the DC Universe," DiDio says. "We really want to bring a new energy and excitement to our books."
Thus are we wholly stripped of pride 70
Booyah!!!
announcing
Earth changes are natural, whether they are disastrous or catastrophic, all depends on the intensity – be it positive or negative – of the energies that are emitted by collective humanity at any given point in time. The planet affects all the lives that live upon her skin, of course. But it is humanity that affects the earth. Do not forget that when we refer to “Earth,” we are also including the planet’s atmosphere that stretches some 20,000 miles 360° out into space. We consider the earth’s atmosphere as its “aura” — an aura that is very much a part of the earth’s body. The earth plays a significant role in the planetary system of which it is a part. At this time the earth is serving the role, so to speak, of being the major life-bearing planet. This is not meant to say that there is not any one-cellular life forms that dwell upon other bodies in the solar system, for this is not the case. Many of these are in the earliest stages of life, and will continue to evolve over the coming millions of years. Many of these are in the earliest stages of life, and will continue to evolve over the coming millions of years to the point where life – human life – has evolved to at the present time. To the people that will say that you are living in the “end times,” times when very-bad things are and will continue to occur, making their pronouncements seem as if they are etched in stone and thus will occur, they say that no one has any power over what happens in these times. Well, if this particular perspective is nourished, it will indeed bring about times that could easily and correctly be thought of as “end times.”
Again the glare.
2) Share one of God’s promises you hold dearly?
22He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.
So I’m going to go ahead and follow my own rules now.
I am grateful for friends who accept my quirks and moods and limitations, who sometimes get frustrated and shake their heads and yet still keep coming back for more - or allowing me to come back for more, more accurately.
No glove, no love.
1/2 Tbsp. panko bread crumbs (plain)
Here are a few photos of this beautiful restaurant that's chock full of ambiance...
2/3 cup/80 g cocoa powder
I doubt, though, that it took Him by surprise.
What I didn't understand is that's all the stuff I can trust the Universe to handle! My only job was to take the baby step and enroll in the school. That would be my pitch to the Universe. Maybe it will end up being a home run, maybe it won't. But what it will do is line up a whole new set of circumstances, people and places that I can't even imagine right now. Things that definitely won't happen unless I just trust and take that first step.
Joe Braden: "Really Mom, I don't want to."
I rarely remember my dreams but, for some reason (I think a weak bladder which woke me up) last night I did remember. I do.
People are not fools. It is election time. Everyone knows the truth. The whole affair was started because of power and politics and the misuse of religion; it was whipped up because of power and politics and the misuse of religion; and the government knuckled under and enforced this disgrace because of power and politics and the misuse of religion.
For over two years the radio and television advertisements for the Mexican brew Dos Equis have featured the unnamed "Most Interesting Man in The World." His ability to speak French in Russian and other such feats has made the character a legend in advertising as well as in popular culture.
5) In some states, a gun is considered the most effective way to protect your home. From a foreclosure, for example.
I do intend adding further cards to my blog, if you could bear with me this week.
2 cups unbleached white flour
Of with a yowl
Saudi blogger Hamza Kashgari, who had reportedly 'insulted' the lone prophet of Islam via his Twitter account, was arrested at Malaysia's main international airport last week. For his 'crimes', he faces likely deportation and extradition straight back to Saudi Barbaria, where he'll likely receive a show trial and execution by beheading. Who says Islam isn't merciful, compassionate and moderate? From Arab Business dot com, 10 February 2012:
Anyways, I was delighted to have Aakash in my hands. The first thing I did is create this Unboxing video. (pardon me for my video shooting skills)
Cuz Mooch’s boyfriend, Grill Master (I only call him that because he manned the grill every night they were there), did a great job helping out and even problem solving grilling me a steak on the grill, but keeping cross-contact from occurring. I already knew foil would need to be laid out on the grill for my steak, but when it came to using different utensils, instead of using two sets of tongs, he grilled my steak first so it wouldn’t touch the others until mine was already off the grill. He’s genius! Or I was just really tired and jet lagged. Or both. I thanked him multiple times for that. I was able to squirrel the leftovers away to a covered plate in the fridge and put my name on the foil so no one would take it.
In addition to the foregoing General Objections, Plaintiff objects to Request No. 6 on the grounds that it is overbroad, unduly burdensome and calls for information that is not relevant to any claim or defense of any party.
We have FINALLY been able to open our online store (today, in fact)
6. …By “pouring forth” this, His preachers “shall exult in His righteousness” not in their own. What then hast Thou done unto us, O Lord, whom we praise, that we should be, that we should praise, that we should “exult in Thy righteousness,” that we should “utter forth the remembrance of the abundance of Thy sweetness”? Let us tell it, and, as we tell, let us praise.
My story--as many of you know--is Science Fiction. I also have a lot of characters, and the ones I focus on the most are either not the celebratory type, or there is no room for celebrating in their world (it can get pretty rough, and many are focused on just surviving). But some of my characters do engage in the Winter Celebrations, and here is a piece on what some of my characters who live in the city might find during this part of the season:
Because of the revolutionary changes they bring about, the President, Viviana Sansón, becomes the victim of an assassination attempt that leaves her in a coma. While she is in a coma, she finds herself in a warehouse filled with every object she forgot in her life: umbrellas, dark glasses and what have you. Every time she picks up one of these objects she flashes back to a moment in her life, and that is how we find out the history of the Erotic Party and how it came to be. Meanwhile other characters deal with her absence and try to find the culprits of her assassination attempt.
I mean what else could he do
Usually, I like to end my blog entries with an appropriate Bible verse that ties in with the theme of what ever I wrote about. I was at that point of looking for one when I typed in a specific, but seemingly random Bible verse into my phone’s Bible app.
The other is an exhibit by ELENA MARTÍNEZ / GABRIEL RAMÍREZ / CHRISTIAN RASMUSSEN based completely off of older women with a body image theme. Some of the works are nude so I’m not going to post them, but they are hand stitched portraits of these women. Absolutely incredible skill, composition, everything. I was blown away by this one. This is very similar to an exhibit I saw here last time that must have been by one of or all of these artists as well, so maybe they have an ongoing relationship with the museum. If you’re a fan of fabrics, dye, handsewn artwork, I would really check this out.
Autumn touches me gently on my arms, the most subtle of touches.
One of the most difficult aspects of interacting with other people is figuring out how to extricate yourself from a conversation without appearing rude or mentally unstable. You aren't allowed to just walk away - you need to have a reason to stop talking. And the reason can't be that you want to stop talking. You need to find a way to end the conversation without making it seem like you want the conversation to end.
The visual imagery and the soundtrack are both of very high quality and very hard to describe in words. You must see it. If you are in Washington DC before May 13th, and that does not give you lots of time, you must go and see it. It is playing every day from sundown to midnight.
Bebop was also a huge shift for young talent, from Charlie Parker to John Coltrane to Thelonious Monk who did not embrace Big Band and sought out new creative frontiers, redefining “modern” jazz music forever. Ellington did not recruit or embrace these new artists and change with the times.
"Ha! I suppose you're right there. I just feel lucky to be able to see all this beauty."
The only constant is change.
This new e-commerce site follows in the footsteps of sister sites, JewelMint (Kate Bosworth), StyleMint (Mark Kate and Ashley Olsen), and BeautyMint (Jessica Simpson). After signing up for the free membership, you take a fun style quiz that helps ShoeMint determine your unique style. Then each month, a collection of exclusive, limited edition shoes are released. Oh, did I mention they are made by shoe legend, Steve Madden, and each impeccably crafted pair is sold for the discounted price of $80?
During the week that followed, he made arrangements for the picture to be photographed, leaving particular instructions with Dawson to keep a careful eye on the photographer’s man and not to allow him to handle the picture. A fortnight elapsed before he received the proofs, and three days later a letter came from Evans, enclosing the photograph of his picture for comparison. “I had the glass removed,” he wrote, “but the result has not been altogether satisfactory, though it may be sufficient for your purpose.”
Whomever God calls….he prepares. I read an excerpt from a book “Apostolic Foundations” written by the late Art Katz. In the chapter on “Priestliness”, Art describes the preparation that Aaron and his sons went through to be made ready for priestly service in the Temple; God used Moses to prepare Aaron and his sons and God spoke every single detail to Moses….which is what God does. He leaves nothing undone.
DEY P, HALDER S, COLLINS S, BENONS L, WOODMAN C. Promoting uptake of influenza vaccination among health care workers: a randomized controlled trial. J Public Health Med 2001; 23: 346-348.
But trips to Gulen’s complex prove otherwise.
That just because he may not answer doesn't mean he don't care
corporation officers, lawyers, efficiency engineers,
Here is Alexa's introductory piece:
So, there is my work in progress. It has definitely been a lot of work but I can't wait until it is done. Anyone have any craft room ideas that they would like to show off? I would LOVE to take a look!
Any time it gets a bit hot in the UK, it’s a “heat wave”, even if said “heat wave” only lasts for a few minutes. More than a day and you start getting into “serious risk of hosepipe ban” territory, and more than a week and the Apocalypse is clearly here. We’re currently in the midst of one said “heat wave”, and naturally things are going downhill fast. Apparently there are a bunch of trains that can’t run because it’s too hot.
The fact that he prayed “with himself” shows that his prayer did not reach God. Many prayers are like that: flowery, high sounding and vain. Having such self-righteous thoughts of himself it is a wonder that he even brought God into it. But being a Jew, under the administration of the law, he had to acknowledge God. Then he told God how good he was:
Another noticeable omission – like the HDMI connection – is the rear-facing camera. Presumably in order to save costs, Acer dispensed with this feature that, although standard on virtually all tablets, isn’t necessarily essential. How many times do you take your tablet out to take some pictures?
Chopped pistachios
Boyd, Edward and Allward, Maurice. Illustrated by North, T E, Branton, R.A. and Gaffron, Bruce. Whopper Space Stories. London : Children's Press. (62 p.) 26 cm. Softcover. 1955
9. Homemade by Jill
The ship’s white flag was still flying as though it was sailing again. But it’s docked at the island’s pier so the main reason why the flag was still flying was the wind.. It was windy that day but people didn’t seem to bother. They were all gathered in front of what they called the-monthly-ship. It was called that way because it’s a fact that it’s docking on the island once a month. Ashi and Zen were there too.
- Peter Graeme, oboe - Maureen Jones, piano (Banks) - Margaret Kitchin, piano (Hamilton)
When K.O.S. was younger it heard people saying that French was the language of romance, but what they forgot to add was that Portuguese was the language of sensuality. Katia's voice exudes passion and suggestiveness partout and the result is a synergy between singer, backing band and listener, savouring every intimate nuance. This is how musical infidelity starts. You suddently catch yourself cold-shouldering your battered copy of Bebel Gilberto's Tanto Tempo and nipping downstairs with Mais Uma/One More Shot tucked inside your tweed jacket, the new kid in town. Or should K.O.S. say, the new girl in town.
care about all the people with sick kids. I don’t care about prisoners who want
The findings suggest that Japan's many language variants -- and by extension much of its culture -- did not emerge, as widely believed by many Japanese, primarily from indigenous hunter-gatherers already present on the archipelago for millennia.
The reviewer didn't like her fake kidnap plotline - ('Can I just say – uhhh. The entire Penny debacle was kinda ridiculous.') Ms Halpern was shocked that anyone could doubt the premise because it had actually happened to a friend of hers ('Ugh! I didn't make it up, beyotch! I had a friend who faked her own kidnapping! Grrrr.').
Only God is perfect. Our righteousness is like filthy rags (Isaiah 64:6). The translation more literally means “menstrual rags”. A pastor of mine once put it this way, “Your best efforts at righteousness are like a bloody tampon.”
The question of where to place “workforce housing” is a pressing one, but it's a citywide challenge. Atlantic Yards remains mostly a luxury housing project.
The same is true in any unit. Competition is a form of extortion in which the strong asserts his will and forces compliance, demanding some kind of supposed mandate.
All in all, London 2012 is a massive cake and the biggest slices have already gone to major businesses and massive law firms. But can small and solo IP practitioners expect to get any crumbs at all from this gigantic sportfest? The sale of fake tickets and Olympic merchandise, and the carrying on of sundry other illegal activities, is likely to generate a bit of work for those with criminal practices but, it seems to me, the experience of most small IP practices is firmly entrenched in the civil side of life.
When technology was inherently and unavoidably complex, it was forgivable that solutions weren’t elegant and simple. It was at one time understandable that finding and visiting a new doctor could take weeks, or searching for enterprise information wasn’t successful. But with a myriad of elegant and simple solutions entering the market, users are learning to expect far more from their products. Simplicity has become a virus that will either destroy you or catapult you to the front of the market.
Take off heat and add the finely-chopped chocolate, cocoa powder, instant espresso powder, vanilla extract and salt. Whisk until the chocolate melts and the cocoa powder is completely dissolved.
Rub zest and sugar together.
“You’re not scared. That’s silly. Go back to bed.”
equatorial Oceania, child survival depends very much on the degree of maternal attachment, i.e., the mother’s fondness for her child. Has this factor favored “cute” features, like blond hair? Is blondism a child’s way of eliciting more maternal care during infancy?
measures approx 2" x 4"
Next Issue: More exposing of sweaty man-flesh, a vast Mexican treasure, and an awkward moment....Not that there's anything wrong with that.
NEW YORK -- To many beer fans, Belgium is the motherland of brewing. For them, and others interested in the genre, the inaugural Belgian Beer Festival will be a go-to event.
One other aspect of thanksgiving that is relevant for Christians is the way in which it affects our heart. Now, when I write "thanksgiving," I'm referring to the act of giving thanks, and not solely the holiday.
In short, our efficiency would improve dramatically. Instead of having to drive somewhere or phone someone up, every piece of data has already been collected, transmitted at the speed of light, and stored in a massive database that can be accessed from anywhere.
According to Entertainment Weekly, The Hollywood Chamber of Commerce announced that the couple will join a distinguished few who will take part in a double ceremony on March 7.
“Now we’re not scared anymore!”
I have just finished my first year at Franklin College Switzerland, a pint-sized school in the southern tip of Switzerland, just one hour north of Milan. It’s a quirky place with quirky people and it was a tough decision to make to leave my suburban life for Europe (but not too tough…). After one year, I’m in love with the school and I’m excited to go back and see all my friends and get going on another year of traveling. So far, I’ve been to Paris, Italy, Serbia, Slovenia, Croatia, Montenegro, Bosnia & Herzegovina, Germany, Austria, and Lichtenstein all in one year, not to mention copious amounts of weekend travels in and around Switzerland. I’ve been amazed how much I’ve learned just from traveling, something I’ve been doing my whole life but maybe I’m only beginning to appreciate the learning part of traveling now. This next semester I’m headed off to Scotland. Which I’m excited for because of a variety of things, but most recently because I’ve realized they are fantastic connoisseurs of fiber, my nerdy and eclectic passion.
That being said, sometimes the rooms aren't so great. Which is what I thought about last night's episode. Ugh. The challenge last night was to use items from a salvage yard. I thought this would be my favorite episode in the series but it just turned out to be kind of boring. So let's take a look at the four rooms.
Nungesser, “one of the most vocal advocates of the dredging plan, sent a letter to President Barack Obama, pleading for the work to continue.” The outspoken sand-berm proponent claims, “Once again, our government resource agencies, which are intended to protect us, are now leaving us vulnerable to the destruction of our coastline and marshes by the impending oil.”
I also found out - because I am a champion navel-gazer, people!, always questioning my thoughts - that I didn't WANT to work. I wanted to be taken care of. At the time, that seemed like something to fix: why would I not want to take responsibility for my life? How immature was I? In the intervening years - marriage, another child, divorce - I have grown so much in that regard. It was actually shortly after our separation that I got - really, really got - that I was responsible for our lives. It was on my shoulders. Man, it took a lot of growing, a lot of making bad choices, etc. But I'm definitely in a different place with all that now than when it was just me and Evan.
when they reveal their feelings about being
This isn’t the end. Give me the ashes; I’ll do something with them. Something beautiful.
Justice Hunter by Harper Dimmerman follows a lawyer named Hunter Gray who has several issues that haunt him as he goes about his business in the book. While he is a lawyer, he also has a drug problem, takes anti-depressants, and juggles an affair with a judge with ties to another judge that doesn’t quite like Hunter. Hunter ends up getting himself into even more trouble when he pursues a case involving the owner of a pizza franchise and possible ties to the mafia. As he works himself deeper into the case, his already dysfunctional life is made to be even more difficult, though Hunter doesn’t discover who is behind all of it until the very end.
But no matter what we end up with, no matter which thorny path emerges from the forest, we will walk it.
fin of a small two-man Beerhopper spaceship resting
When to use: Whenever a team known more for their academics than their football is playing. Do not, however, replace Vassar with such a team. It will reduce the desired effect. And keep that “young lady” bit in there.
How can I know what God wants me to be?
I had to do it. I edged away from the tree.
On the other hand, learning to fly jets in combat is not as easy. I can fly one easy enough and dodge an attack or two but taking down another jet with only my guns and without the situational awareness of radar is proving to be quite a daunting task.
One does have to be rather impressed that the DPRK's scientists and the like are able to create means and methods without having imagined them first.
I already have a favorite, and I’m really rooting for Dia Frampton. She looks shy and timid but wait ’til you see and hear her perform. So Superb!
kelly green & baby pink... I kind of wanted to keep this table! ;)
The Dress
I did it!
It all got a bit much and D decided to phone Pecksniff. It was better he did it since I would have been like an overheated bull in a china shop. He was polite and deferential and asked to understand what it was that Angela had been told to sign with regard to wages being deducted for arriving at work late (courtesy of SA Rail). He asked why she was given a written warning and if due process had been followed (it hadn’t). Pecksniff went off the deep end, screaming that she was unwilling to have the conversation. D persisted calmly. Pecksniff insisted she was not obliged to contribute to UIF for foreign nationals (so why did her letter justifying price hikes say that she does?). D asked if Pecksniff would be paying Angela a maternity benefit. Pecksniff said she was “thinking about it”. D thanked her for her time and her assistance and that was that.
I also ignored a whole pile of ironing that needed done and is cluttering up my living room in hopes that someone else will do it :).
Mandatory: You must follow me on GFC (Google Friend Connect) or Networked Blogs - please leave a comment below stating that you do with your email address to contact you if you win. Giveaway ends 9/23 at midnight EST. Winner will be selected by random.org.
Q Is there any age limit for participation?
What happens next???? We file our I800 with the US gov't. We first will receive a receipt in 1-3 wks, then the I800 provisional approval notice in another 1-3 wks after that. Finally the letter from the National Visa Center 1-2 wks after that. This gives us approval for Caleb's visa. Once we get this letter our agency's representative in Guangzhou will take this along with other papers for us to the US Consulate where they will process the Article 5. The article takes 10 business days to process. On the 10th business day, the rep. will express mail the Article 5 to the CCCWA and then we will receive the Travel Notice usually in 2--5 wks......WOW.....did you get all that?!?!?
Lionel has made a batch of Cheshire cheese. Remarkably similar to making standard cheddar with only one simple tweak. Tried to alter the cheese wax colour with food dye. Big mistake! Need to buy the wax in the correct colour. Lesson learned. Can't wait to try making Edam/Gouda and Fetta next.
Do not forget those who do not have these same freedoms, who hide their writing, and their voices. Remember those who live in fear, whose still small voices are all they have.
Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment or a silicone mat.
I want to be angry
-get things started some so Claire can get into preschool
We are all together pretty much every night but we're trying to get in the habit of having a designated Family Night so, when our kids our older and have their own busy schedules, they will already know to keep that night open for our family.
Eventually news like this this and this will make itself felt, despite the best efforts of the American prestige press to suppress it. A large ship turns slowly, especially when the crew is diligently guiding it in the wrong direction, but great winds and currents will overthrow all those who seek to oppose them.
Atlantic Yards would be an arena encompassing 850,000 square feet and 6.5-7 million square feet of mostly housing, plus office and retail space. While the project, as approved by the Empire State Development Corporation (ESDC) in December 2006, was “anticipated” to take a decade, a State Funding Agreement signed in September 2007 gives the developer up to six years after the close of litigation and the exercise of eminent domain to build the arena, and 12 years to build the four or five towers of Phase 1, with no timetable to build the rest of the project.
She does interviews with boys too!
city, you will see several shops devoted to carrying just dates - or dates and candy. Dates are the fruit with which the Prophet Mohammed used to break his fasts. We bought a small bag of dates, which will probably end up in some baked treat.
I became something of a dictionary enthusiast in college when I took a course on word origins. At the time, I used primarily an American Heritage Dictionary, though I occasionally dipped into others when I didn’t have my AHD handy. If I had a particularly interesting word I wanted to chase down, I would go to one of the libraries that housed a 20-plus volume of the Oxford English Dictionary, which is generally seen as the authority on English language lexicography. There also happens to be a fascinating book titled The Professor and the Madman that provides a glimpse into how the many citations the OED boasts were compiled, with special attention devoted to one especially colorful (and tragic) contributor.
Warfare. Whether we like it or not, we are in a war between the power of darkness and the power of light. There are times when we must enter into warfare-style praying in order to gain the strategy we need to defeat the enemy in whatever battles we face.
I am working through lots of gunky stuff. 2011 was a nutty, life and death in your face kind of year and it's brought up a lot of shit. I want to blog, want to spill, but I'm guarded, protective. I don't know how to blog like this. I want to tear open the scabs and spill, raw, festering, oozing...
I am disabled. My bed was a blow-up bed that could be rolled up and slipped into the trunk easily. I was seeing a chiropractor up until that point, but when I left the apartment I could not afford, that meant no care. Chiropractic treatments kept me from becoming Quasimodo’s twin sister.
24 “But when a righteous man turns away from his righteousness and commits iniquity, and does according to all the abominations that the wicked man does, shall he live? All the righteousness which he has done shall not be remembered; because of the unfaithfulness of which he is guilty and the sin which he has committed, because of them he shall die.
KO
Drinka PJ, Krause P, Schilling M, Miller BA, Shult PA, Gravenstein S. Report of an outbreak: nursing home architecture and influenza-A attack rates. J Am Geriatr Soc 1996; 44: 910-913.
Tens of millions of American men have had their lives completely destroyed by American women through the following crimes:
The Last Sin Eater by Francine Rivers
I am excited and I hope you all are as well.
But really, this is all beside the point. The real question we should all be asking is, with our economy going to shit, the Middle East virtually imploding, a Congress that can’t seem to get a damn thing done, and the rest of our multitude of problems, why are these men so worried about what a woman can and can’t do with her OWN body? Because frankly, it’s none of their damn business.
There are times when I wake up thinking. I hate starting my day that way. I woke up thinking about "Share Your Success Day". Share your success day is this Thursday and is basically parent open house. Parents come in to school and their children guide them through the classroom showing off all the wonderful things they have done throughout the year. I've collected writing samples and art work, we've planted seeds, watched caterpillars change into butterflies and learned some songs and poems.
Carter has an easier job. Unifying Mars is nothing compared to unifying Washington. It only takes him an hour or so to win over those strange, desert-dwelling Tharks (in part by showing that deep down inside their green skin, it’s family they care most about). But a decade into a real war and the U.S. is no closer to understanding what’s under Afghani skins. (On Mars, the burning of a book doesn’t cause greater upheaval than the murder of a child.)
1) it degrades your health/complicates already existing health problems
Women’s watches can be tailored to fit the woman. They can be jewelry accessories or purely utilitarian.
Ever since, even though I chose to do an adult high school program 3 years later and go on to college about 5 years after attaining my diploma.
This is also the most honest and open I've been about my eating habit. It feels weird to be so honest- to confess. Maybe part of food's power is the shame associated with our choices?
The only other thing to address with the movie is the absence of Tim Drake, the third Robin. In the comic book storyline, Tim was Batman’s current sidekick, and was apparently involved in the story. However, I understood why they did not include him in this adaptation. They introduced Jason as Robin, and then, introduced Nightwing as having been the original Robin. Throwing yet another one in there that came after Jason’s death could’ve been confusing for an uninitiated audience. You would see Robin die, and then, you see Batman working alongside another Robin without an immediate explanation that they are different characters would be highly disorienting. This is especially so since all three characters have the same basic character design – lean, athletic build with black hair in similar red-green-yellow costumes. Nightwing essentially fills the role that Tim Drake would’ve had in this story. No disrespect to Tim, but for me, I think having Dick Grayson present was a smart change. This is because he and Bruce have a longer history together, and really are like best friends instead of mentor and student at this point in time. It allows for a stronger contrast from Bruce’s original protégé who became a crowning achievement for him against the failure that was Jason Todd.
So. What made me change my mind? Well, when I asked for a quotation from KDRM in Port Klang, I was told that I needed to pay about RM31K for my Camry. Fine. I then called KDRM in Kota Kinabalu to ascertain the figure. Guess what? The KK custom official who did my case had a different quotation. It was RM62K! DOUBLE the amount given by Port Klang custom. Crazy right? Shouldn't the formula for import tax be standard across the country? KK custom looks pretty shady to me now.
Robert and Florence Deutsch
HAPPY WEEKEND EVERYBODY......
Stock Falling
source: publisher
France decided to elect a socialist. Yep, they are screwed. For all his other faults, at least Sarkozy was trying to get the budget in line and working with the other EU countries on budget restraint.
Emily Rosa invited twenty-one experienced TT practitioners to come and test out their skills, and to see if this human energy field really could be so easily detected by those who claimed to be experts. She sat each of them in turn at a table, and had them reach their hands through two holes in a partition. Rosa herself was on the opposite side, holding her own hand over one of the practitioner’s hands, either the left or the right. For each of ten “trials”, she would flip a coin to choose which of their hands to pick, hold her hand slightly over that hand, and ask them to tell her which of their hands she’d chosen.
But there were so many things not going right, not feeling right. I've asked myself - is it just that the grass is greener elsewhere? Or is there something better out there for me? Is it worth the risk to find it? My answer was and is absolutely yes, there is something better out there, and yes, it is worth the risk. But how big of a risk? And at what ultimate cost? What is my vision for my life? For my children's lives?
Figures show that NT sold 3,225,555 litres in total last financial year. They broke this down thusly; every person over the age of 15 sank 1300 full strength beers. Just on four cans each per day. Per day. Per DAY!!! The Northern Territory Government declared that drinking was it’s No 1 problem. You think?!?
In English pubs, ale is ordered by pints and quarts....
There is a veritable maze of twists and turns to this story, including a couple of connections I didn’t see coming. When one of the major players is killed I had no idea how the others were going to connect the dots to discover who was behind it. And then another player is killed and it really left me wondering.
I mean, at least with Rebecca Black, you can tell that somebody tried to make her sound somewhat respectable. They were unsuccessful, but at least they tried.
It’s used as an insult. As a joke. As a tool for mockery and derision. It is the lowest insult to fling in the direction of another male. For a male in a patriarchal culture that values the phallus and worries incessantly about the two-lipped abyss, being called a woman’s genitalia is the quickest way to cut down their manhood.
These are my old faithful Freddies of Pinewood jeans, teamed with a new charity shop peasant style blouse. It has smocking over the whole of the waist area, which makes it very fitted under the bust, I'm a big paranoid about the attention this draws to my boobs, but it also shows of my newly slim waist, so I take it as a win! Since I started dieting about 2 months ago I've lost 19lb and by golly do I feel different. I now only have a few pounds, maybe 4, till I reach the goal I set for myself, never dreaming I'd actually get there. Sadly, this does mean that many items of clothing, like 2 pairs of Freddies jeans, no longer fit like they used too. Even these ones are getting a bit loose in the waist. This is especially annoying when it's clothes I've made - my 1940s summer dress is now swimming on me. I don't know whether to try to take it in (tricky with the pleats and tucks on the yoke), reuse the fabric for a skirt or pass it on. It has my first ever bound buttonholes and collar, so I'm loathe to do anything that would lose them! Opinions and bright ideas welcome!
And thought-saving devices?
- 62g sugar
Far from making totalitarianism impossible, digital technology has made Orwell’s nightmare an easily attainable reality. The East German Stasi kept a whole nation under surveillance without any of this technology; the British State could get it up and running tomorrow – literally. Every site we visit, every email we write is already watched 24/7 by marketing and business. How else do you think that the site ads you see on your browser just happen to reflect the things you’re interested in?
What is your favorite mythological creature?
One of my pantry staples is vanilla flavored custard powder. This is so handy and helps to whip up fruit custard very fast. Especially when cooking for a crowd or for a huge potluck.
- She knows the difference between an airplane and a helicopter, recognizes trains, bridges, cars, trucks, jeeps, motorcycles and especially garbage trucks.
1/4 tsp Baking powder
Now, there are pockets of resistance. There are pockets of resistance in individuals. But rather than feeling that you are talking to a stone wall, you will feel that you are simply breathing fresh air into their balloon, and blessing them with your words, with your understanding — not words of judgment, not words of condescension. There is no room for arrogance or ego in this. It is simply love. But it is the breakthrough all of you have been waiting for.
1840 Farm has twelve new residents of the feathered variety. They arrived yesterday and I am happy to report that they are all active and well. They spent the better part of today exploring and trying to master two very important skills: eating and getting along with your roommates!
19. Amorosa Furtivo (01:46)
Brent Brookhouse picked up the quote and noted both its inappropriate nature and the poor timing, just days before the UFC’s network television debut on Fox this Saturday, at a time when several top news stories revolve around sexual abuse. Several sites followed with reporting on the tweet, including Yahoo! Sports’ Maggie Hendricks. In responding to the articles, the MMA community happily provided ample examples of the “rape as an insult” side of the cavalier attitude.
In Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Hermione finally sheds her baggy wizarding robes and slips on an elegant floral gown to celebrate the Yule Ball. This was the moment that our book-smart heroine transformed into a true princess – at least for a night! Her regal hairstyle perfectly complemented the classy silhouette of her lilac gown, and she wore the entire ensemble with a magnificent sense of grace, despite the best efforts of a certain Mr. Ron Weasley!
Brahms: Sonata in E-Flat Major, Op. 120, No. 2
The romance was something that the reader really never got to see. They started dating and then the book continues three months later and they’re now in love. However, you do get to see the sacrifices and choices the characters do for love and that is one of my favorite parts. I still would’ve liked to see the attraction turn into love and not have been dropped in after that development.
And here is my another tidy purchase. It is a hangy bag from sisters crafty creations. I have bought it as a rubbish bin! Because space is limited around my desk, I keep moving my bin, so I thought this would be ideal. It isn't for big rubbish, just the little trimmings that I make of sewing threads.
“I scream like I fight, y’all.”
Interestingly, Fowler accredits Frank E. Hering, a former Grand Worthy President of the Fraternal Order of Eagles, in the introduction, as the primary source behind this tradition. Additionally, he mentions, Ann Jarvis, who also established the idea of celebrating Mother’s in her church, in 1868.
I’ve spent some time this morning looking through sketches I made back in the mid-80′s. I had noticed it before, that these mysterious sketches manifested, after I drew them.
He still hasn't reached Johan-like velocity. For now, Santana still has short term goals to reach. And I have a hunch Johan will be challenging himself tonight. He has only made to the fifth inning in each of his two starts. That has to do with pitch-count also. But obviously, the aim will be for him to join-up with the rest of the rotation in reaching the sixth inning. So I'm merely saying we are not out of the woods yet. There's always the not-so-remote possibility he can over-extend himself.
Literally up until the minute that I needed to get a coat of spray paint on (or I risked having to follow the directions and wait 24 hours before applying a new coat which didn't fit into my work schedule or the weather well) so I decided to paint it white for now.
Glazen Toren Jan de Lichte -- not as good as La Grande Blanche
I define working-class poetry as poetry written by poets who identifies as working-class or poetry that contends with working-class issues. The following is a very small sampling, and most of the poets listed have multiple collections that would qualify, though I only listed single volumes:
It’s not hard to find controversy in this day and age, and the onset of the Christmas season is no exception. The battle has waged for a few years now, over the change in how we greet one another during this season. Season’s Greetings has been an accepted line over the years, although the obvious reference was that it meant the Christmas season. Now, in the age of political correctness and inclusiveness, the very word Christmas has become the antithesis, for some reason, to a universal greeting. It would even appear that the center point of the phrase Merry Christmas, is now being rejected for something less specific.
Flying ‘round the Cape, taking children here and there,
I love Jaap's work. He also paints miniature portraits on commission, something I would love to have done of my whole family one day!
SQUARCIONE S. Immunization of workers in medical environment. Ann Ig 2000; 12 (4 Suppl. 2): 255-264.
Every year, I would make a list of what I would like to make when Summer time comes, and they all involved some kind of berries. In reality, when Summer does come, all of a sudden I will have so many plans, travel, birthdays, weddings, BBQ, trying to fit all of them before the warm weather is gone. This is why most of the summer dessert I make might be a little "late" in the season.
Large corporations are gambling. They know that millions of Americans are out of work and as a result are buying fewer big ticket items, but these corporations see how that all could change if a Republican gets in and caters to big business.
No back links please, if the item was on your blog before December 21st then it will be removed. Thanks for your understanding on this matter.
Height: Height of Die + 1" (top fold-over flap) + 1/4" (bottom fold-over tab)
Anyway, when I attempted to contact the Western Star and correct their misinformation and clarify what's really going on, I was advised by the editor that my comments would not publish. Ok then, fine! You can censor me all you like Western Star but good luck attempting to keep me silent! So, here it is, on my blog: the truth about my role, and an assessment from me as to what really went down and what went wrong.
There is plenty to marvel at, including the casualness of a staff member separating a pile of wonton skins by flicking their fist. It's like watching a magician perform a card trick, as the skins fan out perfectly - and she's not even looking at her hands as she works.
In this case, why sell our own souls, when we can sell other people’s souls?
Hey there!!! Its Saturday and that means time for another ODBD Shining the Light Challenge... Yay!!! This week we are asking you to make your card without using any designer paper. So create your own background using stamps, embossing folders or just plain cardstock.
The other thing is that with sibling issues, it becomes more of a cumulative effect instead of just a single event.
That’s why it’s a good idea, any chance you get, to run to any show that pairs Glass and with groundbreaking theater director Robert Wilson. Even just a whiff of Wilson, it turns out, goes a long way. For a recent evening at the Baryshnikov Arts Center entitled “On the Beach,” which ran for three nights (April 5-7), Wilson presented the results of an experimental three-week session at his Watermill Arts Center this spring that brought about a dozen far-flung visual and performing artists to riff on scenes from on the Glass/Wilson avant-opera odyssey “Einstein on the Beach” (1976). Creating teams of designers/directors from his curated pool, Wilson’s only other major input to the show was to deliver lighting notes to the artists and to organize the performers who appeared with Jared Mezzochi’s stunning videos during the transition scenes. Still, Wilson’s unique theatrical sense — high-caliber technical execution with a low-key tone — permeated most of the night. This was indeed fun stuff.
Hilary: Mystically; The Word of God, on the close of the Law, entered the ship, that is, the Church; and departed into the desert, that is, leaving to walk with Israel, He passes into breasts void of Divine knowledge. The multitude learning this, follows the Lord out of the city into the desert, going, that is, from the Synagogue to the Church. The Lord sees them, and has compassion upon them, and heals all sickness and infirmity, that is, He cleanses their obstructed minds, and unbelieving hearts for the understanding of the new preaching.
It's Supermoon 2012 and if the skies are as clear as last night, I should be quite a show.
In school, we’d call that grading on a curve, and it’s not necessarily a bad thing. As I noted in a previous post, there’s often an instrumental quality to Western narratives about democratization in places like Mali. Looking for exemplars that might inspire other societies, we sometimes choose to ignore or downplay procedural flaws that would raise howls in other contexts. For purposes of democracy promotion, that might even be a sound idea.
Then, we got to play the waiting game, while the tumor was further tested. Luckily, spring break happened along, and Ava was able to stay busy. She went to the Yellow River Game Ranch and got to hike up Stone Mountain, among other things.
The first module we started with was an introduction to Law. It was a two hour arguing session. I was amazed at the arguments people put forward, and how they did it. I’ve recently heard all kinds of gems, both in class and out. I’ve been told how the Germans are all authoritarian and violent, how wikileaks has proven that AIDS was invented in a lab in the Congo, how we obviously didn’t land on the moon, and other gems. Now, when challenged, most of these arguments have devolved into “It is true, I promise.” This isn’t an argument. It’s an assertion, backed up with nothing. If I, or others, challenge you, and your best response is akin to stamping like an angry child, then you’ve lost. You brought a knife to a gunfight, and it didn’t work out. You simply didn’t bring the tools for the job.*
A week later we dissected frogs. I really, really hated dissecting animals. It put a knot in my stomach. So, I had to make light of it. I had an idea.
Like I said, many writers hung out there and most if not all of my early blogworld friends came from there. Some are still around but others have vanished disappeared. Many who were unpublished at the time have gone on to sign with agents and see their books printed.
I think you agency boyz are making a mistake. We all think the ad industry is full to the ceiling with cunts, twonks, shitpipes, motherfuckers and fassy-cleaners - not to mention assorted dogknobs and jizzgarglers. That's a given. But what would we think of the same people if they said they worked in 'change manifestation' or 'futurescoping' or...FUCKING CHRIST - THE NAMES YOU CUNTS COME UP WITH IN THE REAL WORLD ARE SO STUPID I CAN'T EVEN PARODY THEM.
They met the next day, and they talked about love, poetry, and Shakespeare. They met every day to talk about love, poetry, and Shakespeare. And every day, Beth listened to and loved James’s views on what it meant to love and to be loved. Every answer he gave made sense to the girl, and before long, it became apparent to Beth that the ownership of her soul had been transferred from Shakespeare’s possession into James’s. And that possession, if it didn’t fill the missing piece, at least led to forgetfulness.
Another thing I loved about Alaska was the fact that there wasn’t a “happy” conclusion where everything comes together and everything makes sense. The reason I love this about the book is it is very true for real life. When asked about the ending, John had this to say:
Is taken to the kitchen by the maid,
In one sense the U.N. vote is a useful reminder of the origins of the conflict. In 1947 the General Assembly voted for partition; it didn't call for creating only a Jewish state but a Palestinian state as well. The Arab world rejected partition and tried to destroy Israel.
10:42 a.m. — Heating 8.25 quarts of water to 165 °F.
Since we've been a band for this long there are a lot of songs we wrote
Mr. Buxom bought me this bag for my birthday last year, and it initiated a wave of Chanel lust that has yet to subside. I've had a membership at The Purse Forum for years, but after I got my first Chanel, I really started paying attention. Then, I felt bold enough to start shopping for Chanel bags on eBay.
In 1996 Danish toy manufacturer Lego filed a Community trade mark application for the shape of its toy brick. OHIM registered the trade mark on 19 October 1999. Two days later Mega Brands, a competitor of Lego, applied to invalidate the trade mark which, it argued, should not have been registered since it was absolutely barred from registration. Among other things, Mega Brands argued that the Lego brick shape consisted exclusively of a shape which was necessary to obtain a technical result (Article 7(1)(e)(ii)).
Combine the pudding and canned pineapple in a bowl (preferably not the bowl you'll be serving the salad in) and mix the pudding in with the juice. Stir until well blended and all of the pudding powder is dissolved. Fold in the strawberries and blueberries then refrigerate for at least an hour. Fold in the sliced bananas just before serving.
Brace for the Worst Ever! Climatic Extremes, Primeval Geophysical Activities and WILD Weather to Wreak Mega Havoc in 2011/2012 and Beyond…
I wonder who is more stumbled? Him or me?
Even better is this tidbit from the Fox News story--
After all -- " A merry heart doeth good like a medicine:" Proverbs 17:22
Although, this was for a community award, I’m very interested in using this approach with interviewing and selecting candidates. Or any group decision. Any thoughts?
An insider who rose to the actor’ defence however told us, that Nneoma, his wife is an introvert. “I can confirm to you that there is no problem between the couple. Nneoma is not the outgoing type”, our source squealed.
I made Tommy eat a bug;
i was suppose to get this done when i lived in Florida - but nerves of doing it by myself got the best of me - i give myself the next 2 years to get this checked off! - i told myself, no islands until i'm certified so i can FULLY enjoy what the islands have to offer!
Is fast becoming a quarry
for laughing along, crying beside,
I finally got the Winter Butterfly done after several aborted starts. I tried doing the body in white, size 30 and the wings in pale gray, size 30, along with a silver blending filament, but it simply looked like mismatched whites, so I took the body off (which I'd done twice already because I forgot the antennae and then added the upper wing wrong three times!) and made a new one in the pale gray. The silver shows up much better with the gray but you can't see it in the first scan.
VII. WOMEN'S ACTIVITIES AND PROPAGANDA
But want something easy and comforting, like a bowl of soup, in these cold weather outside?
Now it turns out that we still have a few seats left at our High Speed Copywriting workshop this weekend.
Hope this will find you all well. Clinton Burnett died this morning I have not been down home this week there has been some thing all the time Miss Fancher is going to be here to supper to night Well good by love to Florence and George and yourself. Carrie
Calling this group of players “noob” is extremely unfair. A more appropriate term in my opinion would be “newb” or “newbie”. These are the people who may have only had been playing for the last week or month or so and thus aren’t that up to speed with how their class works, what each spell or ability does and what happens in each dungeon. Nine times out of ten you can usual tell which ones these are. They are normally the ones who are polite, will apologize that they are new, will actually read what they have to do and then ask questions, and will be willing to take advice on their gear and rotations.
I don’t feel like “#1!”
Jack was in front leaning his weight on his walking aids. John and I towered behind him. As we got up to next to be called Jack spun around and through a mouth still mouldy with milky cereal, said: “I 'ope ta Christ they accept me facking ID! If it's Vijay ee'l refews fer'shure! Made me walk all t'way ta Hammersmith last fortnight... Me, wiv a missin' fackin' leg!”
1. Pick through the beans, toss the bad ones and any rocks you may find.
poor run of form for the gulls. Finally for away games there is a whole raft more that on twitter would need far many more tweets to get across and there simply isn’t enough twitter in the world for that.
Jones was referring to a sheet of paper titled Funny Gay Jokes. I'm fairly certain that the camera shot of the paper was inserted just for freeze-frame fans. Especially since they had to blur a word in the third one. The jokes:
Ericson HA, Källén AJ. Hospitalization for miscarriage and delivery outcome among Swedish nurses working in operating rooms 1973-1978. Anesth Anal 1985; 64: 981-988.
The conclusion in the article is worth noting:
The time of day matters too. The harsh light of day may not be the most flattering. but certain times of the day may not be so great either if there’s strong contrast from trees or foliage overhead, with “hot spots” from the sun mixed with shade form the leaves and branches or trees. Most of the time, early morning or late afternoon is best. Cloudy, foggy, or misty days can also provide good light for photographing waterfalls. But talking to people, checking out the falls, and otherwise doing research is best, particularly if you’re visiting. Figure out when the light looks the best, or the most dramatic. Popular places like Yosemite often have a lot of information online or in photography books.
Seeing this, the madam sends over a more experienced lady to entertain the gentleman.
Someday soon I'll write more about our schooling life this year. It is unlike any previous year and I am loving it. We were invited to join a wonderful co-op and that has made a huge difference. It has been above and beyond expectations. I'm so thankful.
It’s often nice to have breakfast-for-dinner, especially since we’re usually so rushed in the mornings that we don’t have eggs and bacon very frequently. And today, we’re actually doing a recipe that was advertised as lunch… so this is breakfast-lunch-dinner. Or, blinner. (Budget blinner, no less.)
In recent years, however, a system of graphic symbols based on dance notation has allowed the world’s signed languages to be captured on paper. What’s more, the system’s advocates say, it may furnish deaf children with a long-sought bridge to literacy in English and other spoken languages, often a great struggle for signers.
No matter what dress she decides on, nothing will hold a candle the shawl! I am thinking a rather simple, plain dress--something to act as a simple back drop to the shawl. I have decided I want a fancy purse--one decorated with peacock feathers--another simple detail--that will be drop dead gorgeous. I am thinking-- maybe a knit bag, (felted) with one side a lace overlay (the same peacock lace as shawl) and the other side, decorated with sewn on peacock feathers. I want to knit a small patch of lace anyway --to test paint before I start to paint the whole shawl--and this swatch would be perfect for purse cover.
March in support of improving the national economy, and in pursuit of greater efficiency and savings to realize the socialist project, said on his part a call for the Union of Young Communists.
And there you have it. My second project for the Whimsical Wednesday challenge! Please see my previous post for the awesome prize sponsored by Crop Stop, the challenge details and all that good stuff!
Apparently he’d seen in the system that tomorrow was my day of birth, and he told me I should consider coming to his Monday kettlebell class as the “guest of honor”.
Score FREE Shipping on all orders of $25 of more!
It didn't seem real to me. As I watched it unfold, it seemed like some bizarre Orson-Welles-War-of-the-Worlds-style hoax. As the reality of it slowly started sinking in, I still had trouble processing it, accepting it as something that will affect countless innocent lives. I had to shake off thoughts about whether my vacation would be ruined. I talked to my parents. I talked to Vija, who lives in Manhattan and works in Midtown, so I was scared for her, but she was alright. A little later on, I went to a comics website that many of my friends frequented and checked in with them on the message board. I don't remember too much of the rest of the day other than laying in my bed at night playing my Tori Amos CDs over and over again.
Not bad for a rainy day activity don't you think?
He must be killed. The Koran makes it clear: If someone defames the prophet, he must die.
Its always a different feeling to know they won't be there screaming
Ryan has a plan now and next week we are going to execute another indoor picnic! Surely there won't be any more teases to this story! :)
H: my coach gave me a tap on the helmet after a goal I scored in my tournament
“April 27, 2004″ by Green Paper
Welcome to Nutrisystem week 20! Can you believe that it has been 20 weeks already!? I am still shocked that I actually found a "diet" plan that works and that I can actually stick to week after week....I mean how is it possible to be able to eat Nutrisystem ice cream, Nutrisystem cookies, and Nutrisystem protein coffee flavored drinks and be twenty 25 pounds lighter! Not only is this year of my big wedding anniversary trip but also the year of my high school reunion. I had completely forgot all about it coming up in a few short months and now am super excited to show off my new body and get a new dress....I seriously have not weighed as much as I do now since my senior year in high school! What an amazing feeling to be able to be the "same" after ten years and kids! Back to swimsuit season of course-I finally found a swimsuit that is perfect-bright red & white. I seriously almost cried when I tried on a medium and it fit comfortably-last year I was in an XL and miserable. If you are still having any doubts I encourage you to visit the website and scroll around to the success stories and photos-these are real people like you and me that can make it with a little determination and support from Nutrisystem!
He played a great playlist that was perfect to dance to and I was completely surprised at how sexy his moves were. I really doubted his ability to dance! So there we were in the hotel room at 1am dancing
I just need to tell you this story now.... before I forget it.
First I realized that I wanted an indoor/outdoor fabric.
In the conclusion, the report goes on to say, that schools (and parents) should not see social networking as a waste of time:
especially anything electrical
At least 10 other agents are doing the same, aside from getting the seller to sign estate agency agreement forms with the CEA. The forms indicate that an agent will get exclusive rights to market the home and receive the agreed commission.
To all our new subscribers…welcome and thanks for subscribing! We hope you enjoy your weekly issues of The Gracious Plenty – where we recap the week at Eric & Sookie Lovers! We provide links, brief descriptions and decorate it up with some tender Eric and Sookie lovin’! Look for it in your email every Tuesday!
19 The Time Traveller’s Wife – Audrey Niffenegger*
and i'm trying to be thrifty right now, so i don't want to purchase a ton of frames.
I hope all is well out in Blogland and I will endeavour to catch up with your blogs as soon as I can.
Real Life is far too stressful!
The iconic photograph taken inside the Situation Room offered the world the first glimpse of a national security team at work during the Special Operations mission. Now, we will hear from many of the people in that photograph about what was taking place on that historic night, highlights an NBC press release.
You go by years: 1L 2L 3L
Brazil has struggled for half a century to break its dependence on commodities, grappling with the so-called resource curse. Depending on how profits are managed, the new oil wealth could be a godsend that drives a new era of development or a burden that holds the nation back, said Alberto Ramos, a senior Latin America economist at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. in New York.
To finish I just want to mention that the Brisbane Copic Certification in June is now Full.....however another one has been announced for October which will coincide with the Art & Craft Fair and I will be teaching this class!!! For more details go to the Copicmarker website!!!
Bloodshot Records is one of my favorite record labels. I love just about whatever the produce and their SXSW parties are the best. They understand that beer and rock 'n' roll go together (or country or Americana or bluegrass). They also understand good old American roots music and who's pretty good at it.
A Charlotte County Sheriff’s deputy arrested a man Saturday for stealing two propellers and an engine cowling for a DC-3 aircraft and selling for scrap. Arrested was Justin Carl Peters, 27.
In order to quash the insurgency, the Indian government passed several draconian laws that approved police impunity. The Terrorist and Disruptive Activities Act (TADA) of 1987, allowed for the detention of people based on mere suspicion or threat, even if the suspicion was just imagined. Under Section 21, people detained under the Act were presumed guilty until proven innocent (Kaur, 2002). The ten years between 1985 and 1995 resulted in the registration of 17,520 TADA cases in which only one person was convicted (Kaur, 2002).
enough.
so, my desk not quite plain, i love my reading glasses on the box with my sweetie :)
Recently the conversation has resurfaced regarding the CEO position at USATF – specifically the fact that the position is STILL unfilled, and the difficulty that the organization has had with respect to the process.
I know that Mike sometimes cites here the sign in the hearse out front saying, "Reservations Accepted, Ghost Relations Department, Disneyland," which seems to be both Disneyland-bound AND a part of the show, but for me that's just one more reason to dismiss the whole hearse gag as an ill-conceived idea from the beginning. It would be tolerable if they got rid of the suspended harness and the sign.
I made a list for the Fall Into Reading Challenge, so you can see what else I'll be reading this month (plus), but as usual I forgot 2 books. I will read them next, because will be featuring them on 10/11 at 5 Minutes for Mom:
It's hard because, unlike someone with cancer or diabetes, they look, act, and behave just like you and me. Except when they are opening up a beer.
In our naked emotions
7; Ducks; 7
UCD 5/6 (Bet365); Draw 5/2 (Boylesports); Bray Wanderers 9/2 (Paddy Power)
Hello everyone Happy Tuesday!!!
Harris S, Ahlfors K, Ivarsson S, Lernmark B, Svanberg L. Congenital cytomegalovirus infection and sensorineural hearing loss. Ear Hear 1984; 5: 352-355.
Os Mutantes - Os Mutantes - 1968
I've included the link to the soundtrack of the Rockpalast performance below. Much as I like the performance of the songs from Lulu, the version of White Light, White Heat is truly appalling - it's been Metallicarized, and Lou's vocals are woefully out of tune. Included for interests/completists sake only!
...today's word is Violet. We don't have a winner yet, but it's super close!!
The moon hangs high
The public would not know how much gold was there — and the actual depositories would be guarded and protected with lethal force.
The warmest smile
Mine: hummus, red onion, lettuce, grated carrot on flax lavash wrap bread; husk cherries; amaranth greens w/garlic & pine nuts.
a picture of one of my other works. In my free time
On a more somber note, another highlight for us was going to pay our respects at the World Trade Centre Memorial Site. The 911 Memorial was so amazing to see and experience whilst in the USA and after meeting many Americans who have talked about and shared their experience of that day with us. As we walked along the memorial I said some of the names silently to myself to remember those who died on that terrible day, we also spent a lot of time in the preview center where they told stories of the survivors, the emergency staff and unfortunately, of those who had perished. It felt so close to home and we were both very touched by the experience. Even whilst we were there people shared their experiences with us. This is something I will definitely never forget. I would also encourage everyone to go there to be educated on the destruction that was, and see how it has been rebuilt in such a respectful way.
Today, I went tile shopping at tiles etc. and from a fantastic selection, I managed to narrow it down to a choice of three. From these strong potentials and on a tight deadline, I picked one shown here.
Bring water to a boil in the steamer. Place the chicken in an even layer, scatter the green onions and ginger all over, and steam over medium heat for 30-40 minutes or until the internal temperature near the bone reaches 170°F. If the chicken pieces are larger, they will take longer to steam. If any of the pieces are touching, make sure to redistribute them in the middle of cooking so they cook evenly.
really seeing all the creatures that won't be tipped into the scene with
If a government is formed armed supporters of political parties deemed to have lost out in the process may initiate attacks on their political rivals and attempt to destabilise what will likely be a weak coalition government.
So your cover has enticed the reader in and the price tag has them thinking they might just take a chance on an unknown author. Now they’ll move on to check out the book itself. The first thing they’re going to read is the pitch. You want to sell your book to that reader. Make it concise and exciting. I read too many blurbs that start with ‘this is a story about...blah blah blah’. Seriously? Read some of the blurbs of
04 I'm Gon' Git Myself Together (Smith) 5:30
What about money?
Director Choi has never disappointed with his distinctive flair and swooping style. He has a lot to work with here — diamonds! Thievery! Mischief! Deceit! Epic chases! Bond gadgets! A never-fail storyline!
For our first night, Alyssa scheduled a ghost tour/bar crawl with Tara’s Tours, which turned out to be an awesome idea. It’s called Boos and Brews (though can I suggest Boos and Booze?) and it was easy to schedule a private tour just for our group, which I highly recommend. Marisa loves ghost tours (we’ve been on a few in St. Augustine that are wicked scary) and we loved that this one included lots of bar stops and encouraged beverages on the road. Our guide, Andrew (also known as Drew or Drewby) was fun and told us a good mix of tales, some about the history of Savannah dating back to the Civil War and some about events that had only happened in the past few years (including one horrific story about a demon child in the Marshall House…won’t be booking a room there!). He even shared some paranormal experiences he’d had himself in apartments in Savannah or on the tours. Don’t let that scare away the faint of heart though. The mood was really lighthearted and though I’m one of those people who closes their eyes during previews for horror films, I was perfectly fine on the tour. We passed lots of other ghost tours and got many envious stares at our light-up cups. Apparently not all tours are the drinking kind.
Q: How many Ateneans does it take to change a light bulb?
But they were young, energetic and helpful, and cooperative with each other. A real travail d'equipe. Thierry (forgive me if I got your name wrong) was tremendously patient despite clearly having had a very very long day, eager to begin his Saturday evening. He recommended all the right locks. "This you attach to something tres solide," he warned, about the heavy-duty lock. "Then this cable you attach permanently to your seat (selle). The third lock is to attach to your front wheel, when you are parked for a long time. Les voleurs like to steal front wheels." He showed me how to shift the gears (it's a 7-speed), and other features my Decathlon City bike. It has a panier that removes in a click, a headlight that runs on a dynamo instead of a battery, and I learned the word for kick-stand, which is "la bequille" -- same as the word for "crutch".
house cured spiced wild salmon gravlax on pumpernickel with dill mustard sauce
Sicko:hey do you mind telling me,from where i can buy some roses ?
Extract from the book Georgia O'Keeffe: An Eternal Spirit
The Lord continues to amaze me everyday!
Not cussing first thing in the morning always throws me off.
I had some leftover cookies so I crumbled them up and sprinkled them on the top of her cup cakes. She loved them!
This is one of mine... Hop Extract!
Update 4/3 PM -- In the blizzard of details on the nuclear reactors, the most significant point might not be clear or may have disappeared in the blizzard -- that if normal cooling systems are restored for reactors 1-3, then whatever damage exists on the reactor #2 suppression torus or reactor #3 containment vessel suddenly becomes less dangerous. Once normal cooling systems for the reactor pressure vessels (which now contain the partially melted cores) are restored, then these pressure vessels will be cooled by circulating cool water, so that the heat, pressure and steam in those vessels would be reduced, in turn reducing or ending the need to vent radioactive steam, and reducing or ending the pressure that drives any leaks at #2 and #3.
If Jacob Zuma and his cronies are ousted, there will be a new gold rush, as there was after the Polokwane conference at which Zuma ousted Thabo Mbeki.
NONE! I thought that's what 3 day festivals were made for? Didn't ACL start out that way? Oh well...I guess that's why they don't call it Bonnaroo.
I need to make sure I never walk in the door after my long day of pushing buttons and show my disappointment that the dishes aren’t washed. I need to love, encourage and even sacrifice myself for her. Usually I do a fair job of it. Sometimes I screw up.
In two weeks time it will be over. By Christmas, my consultant tells me I might be able to have a little food. Hopefully, soon I will be able to eat a banana, hug and kiss people again, talk and yawn without it feeling as if my jaws are dislocating, turn over on my side in bed, brush my teeth properly and visit the dentist. In a year’s time, life should be much improved. After the eighteen months I’ve had, it will be good to have my life back.
Please let me know if anything is unclear.
All other ground is sinking sand.
Theoretical geothermal electricity:
It sounds simple. 4 words arranged in an order that makes sense – Yep, I know, I follow……..How very wrong was I?
To Do List
Q: Didn’t you say you didn’t like these crowdfunding things?
Elise is a normal seventeen-year-old girl until the day she wakes up in a desert park, with no idea who she is.
“Due to the generosity and vision of Rob Dyrdek, Street League Skateboarding, and his Foundation, the children and families of Panorama City will be able to enjoy a practice the sport they love in their own neighborhood,” said Los Angeles City Councilmember Tony Cardenas.
The Heidelberg Catechism gives five reasons why those in Christ must still do good.
We conceived the Lifebox pulse oximeter for a long life three feet above ground (about the height of an operating table). It doesn’t need servicing or recalibrating; it is compatible with generic probes, so it’s much more likely that you can find a replacement for it; and it runs on rechargeable batteries so that you can continue to use it if the power cuts out during an operation.
Excuse me, I think I went on a rant. Well, here’s another. This cell phone purgatory we live in. Please be considerate of other when you are using your cell phone because using a cell phone is making a connection with another person. When you connect with another person, remember it’s never just about you.
This was a disappointing experience. I’d like to say I’ll give them another chance, midweek, after the lunch rush. But if they can’t keep it together with their A – team on a Saturday brunch? I’m inclined to say that Barelas has lost its touch.
She gave me the chance
Well, if it takes a miracle, why not?
Chrystal Effects
Part I of the midterm is worth 30 percent of the MT grade and is based on the Tim Harrower book Inside Reporting, so even if a question doesn’t say anything about the book, the question is about what the book’s author said. If you can’t remember the answer to a question, move on and come back later. No notes or books or Internet or phones except for the math question, for which you may use your phone or the computer as a calculator. You have about 45 minutes for this portion. Each question is worth 2 points.
Notice something strange? If you look really carefully at this image, you’ll see that the singer’s right foot is on the left and her left foot is on the right. But that’s because her legs are crossed in this famous pose, as her arms are raised heavenwards in triumph.
Achey at the thought that the next time all us girls get together again, Donna will not be with us. Oh, I know she'll be there in spirit. Her energy will surround us.
Congratulations to you all :)
Let's sing it again!
4. Down To The Waterline
The tape recorder in my head was playing the Spring part of his famous composition ((La Primavera – Allegro)) continously and I started to understand the brilliant composer more and more. What a bliss!
"hi mommy wormy. hello baby wormy."
We are definitely on the mend. Fevers are gone and all that remains are hacking coughs. Yay for the healing process!
He takes the new dress, FOLDS IT UP and places it in SMALL plastic bag. I literally thought my eyes were going to pop out of my head. I quickly tell him that I want my new dress placed into the black garment bag I brought back because I PAID 3 fucking dollars for it! He quickly gives it to me in my garment bag and asks, "May I please have your phone number?"
Styles, like Kweli, is a NYC perpetual second-stringer whose days of even arguable significance are behind him that I will probably always be irrationally loyal to. I'm slightly less embarrassed about being a Styles fan, though, because dude has a great ear for beats and a unique way of putting together words, even if this is one of his more generic solo projects.
Todd Hewitt is awaiting his thirteenth birthday, the day that he becomes a Prentisstown man. He will be the last Prentisstown boy to become a man. Prentisstown is a settlement town on an alien planet known only as New World which consists entirely of men. There will never be another Prentisstown boy because a virus released in a war with an alien species called the Spackle killed all the women. It affected the men too, but in a very strange way. All the men of New World have become unwilling telepaths unable to keep themselves from transmitting their thoughts and hearing the thoughts of others. The result is a world filled with Noise, a chaotic soup of male thought and feeling, every man's inner world on display, but muddled in the mess. To make matters even weirder, animals thoughts are projected into the soup too. Effectively, New World animals can talk. Todd has a dog, Manchee, who has plenty to say, though much of it is about poo and squirrels.
When she is being a bit of a terror, and feeling quite willful (there were a few instances!), and driving her parents round the bend, we have to remind ourselves that if she wasn't as strong as she is, her history may have been entirely different. She is healthy and fit, and no longer under any hospital care, and very vocal!
In 2008, I had a super cute haircut. Chin length, fun, light. Then I met a guy... Knowing who I am and my personality, I sort of do things on a whim. I was having a bad hair day. Boy...meet hair! Not a good idea actually, but I take FULL responsibility. I sat down on the toilet, handed him a pair of scissors and told him to cut it. Well.......he did, but after he lopped off the front chunk, I freaked out and told him to stop. TOO LATE! Ha. Boy will never get near my hair with with scissors again!
While it's fun to switch purses, it's not fun to switch all the contents. I was finding that I was missing stuff because I'd left it in another purse. Totally frustrating to get to the drug store or pet store only to find I'd forgotten my points card ... why have it if you're not accumulating any points?
Back in Norfolk I busied myself getting my own house in order. Among other tasks, I cleared the outside of anything that needed protection or that could become a projectile. When we were done the inside of our house looked as if it had taken a huge breath and inhaled the entire contents of the porch and deck.
One important key for me is to realize that these things are only for a season. They don’t last; they come and go. That is, if we hold on in our faith, confess any sins to God, and stand in our faith in the grace and truth that is in Jesus.
Rurouni Kenshin was written by Nobuhiro Watsuki who completed the whole story in 28 volumes and has also been adapted into anime, OAV, movies, video games, and currently into a live action movie. The anime as well has been voted as “most watched” a couple of times throughout the years of its inception.
What have these educational values meant for my teaching? Above all, they have required of me willingness for experimentation. I have taken seriously Departmental needs for a wide variety of Latin American offerings at the Graduate and Undergraduate levels. As the lone tenure-track Latin Americanist in the History Department, I have sought to offer a wide variety of courses covering time periods and regions outside my immediate area of expertise. I have taught course ranging from the Conquest of the Americas to the Mexican Revolution, from the Early Latin American Survey to Modern Latin American History through Film. I have taught on gender and sexuality in the early period, on the history of indigenous peoples in both colonial and modern Latin America, and also honors and graduate courses on research methods and historiography. I have lobbied hard to keep the survey of Latin American History active, despite staff pressures, in support of the Latin American Studies program and Ready for the World. It is within this context of broad teaching that I have experimented with the incorporation of technology in ways intended to make relevant the process of my courses to the world of information we now inhabit.
Blogging has also given me useful feedback on work and even one of my first author gigs when Mickmouse booked me earlier this year to run some workshops at their first ‘Word Explosion’ children’s literary festival down in Cornwall.
”May the Force be with you,” Satele said, nodding once and, with that, the connection was severed and the projector winked out.
She confesses to thinking of The Statue of Liberty as her long distance lover, has visited her four times to caress and kiss her and calls her Libby.
We spend day one discussing internal communications on CSR/sustainability.
But I digress. Ms B is a liability, not least to Mr A who she is claiming to represent.
As mentioned by Thestar :
The highlights of the results as pointed out by Ruger CEO Michael Fifer:
Another source of buttons is the give-away clothes pile. Many outgrown, out of date or no longer wanted clothes have great buttons. Check your give-away pile for buttons that you can use for earrings and other jewelry (like the Chain & Button Bib Necklace).
So now that Strikeforce has lost a significant amount of star power to the UFC with in the first few months and dropped a pretty strong heavyweight division plus cut its webpage there is still one more thing that put that put the nail in Strikeforce’s coffin. Steroids. Plain and simple in the last few months former womens 145 pound champ cyborg got caught using and basically crushed the whole division and got herself the boot. Same think with king Mo. Had an outstanding performance stopping Larkin in the first round only to be caught in a drug test with a ban substance then call a female commissioner names only to be released later by Zuffa. There goes TWO more stars with roids…
Video: Daniel Gordis v. Peter Beinart on the ‘crisis’ in Zionism #BeinartVGordis Debate Highlights Peter Beinart’s Disconnect From Realities Of Middle East Where is Wikileaks when you need them? The 140 character pitch for Judaism and the Jewish state The Launching of the Submarine INS Tanin by idfnadesk
"I am the best church member, the best Christian, etc."
Toward the end, she was hard to understand. She was always yelling, but the palsy made it hard to tell what she was saying. She’d get frustrated when I didn’t hear her right. I’d bring her soup, and she’d yell and throw it ‘cause what she wanted was something else.
The result of this is that I had to buy an expensive assemblage of pipe and boxes, which led me to thinking of the role of rust in the economic cycle.
Celebrant: Fr Armand de Malleray, FSSP
-LB Casey Matthews looks like he can be the starting MLB for the Eagles this year. I watched him on almost all the live hitting defensive snaps that he was in on, and he filled his gap great. Even in pass coverage, Matthews stayed in his zone and looked like a vet out there. I guess reports that he’s picking up the scheme very quick are accurate.
Here’s a small selection of people you should seek out, pat on the back and say, ‘Thank you!’ My list is not exhaustive by any means, and if you or someone you know should be on here, then please – PLEASE – let me know and I’ll add them and get to know them and do what little I can to publicise the great work they’re doing for our city.
Sugar coating glitter in Limeade
“The army could be used to guard buildings which could be the target of violent protest. The danger of an escalation exists. It’s a situation which demands drastic action,” she added.
Fourie raced down the right touchline for a 72nd-minute try to clinch the win while Morne Steyn completed the scoring with an angled penalty from halfway with just two minutes remaining.
Do the Evolution (20) – Acquired 5 Mutations
Mary Ann Cotton, was born Mary Ann Robson in October 1832 in Houghton-le-spring, County Durham to Michael and Margaret Robson (nee Lonsdale). In December 1841 Mary's father, a coal miner, fell 150 feet to his death down a Murton Colliery mine shaft. Her widowed mother soon married George Stott in 1843. Mary did not get on well with her step father and left the family home at the age of 16 to become a nurse to Edward Potter. Three years later she returned to the family home.
This can be the hardest parts of tasting chocolate - not chewing.
The point I'm trying to make is how much I like it when women buy me drinks. No, no, sorry--lost my train of thought there. The point I'm trying to make is that ratios matter in life and in the Bay area tango scene that's particularly true.
When I first started working in a MNC was when I first graduated from college, and I worked there for 5 years before moving out to explore my other opportunities in Singapore. Years later, now, working in another MNC, I really find it so much different comparing in 10 years ago.
Democratic hopefuls snub party moderates By RON FOURNIER WASHINGTON -
This spring I will take all the unanswered mails
Boyd says he could hear the phone ringing but couldn't reach it because of the grate across the recycling bin. By the time he reached city officials, the bin had been emptied onto a massive leaf pile at the dump.
"What's wrong with playing left-back?” I asked Marc Judd and Kristian Hewitt. Both have featured there at some time or another during pre-season; and as we sat in the pub, assessing our latest performance over a bowl of chips, I wanted to know why neither of them enjoy playing there.
play politicking with suits squandered,
worked my middle finger under a soft elastic I would never
We live in Government housing, which has its pros and cons, like all in life. Government housing means we live in a concrete house with a zinc roof, instead of a traditional mud brick house with a thatched (palm) roof. Pros include: plumbing (flush toilets and sinks!), fewer scary bugs, no lizzards that pee on you, and cockroaches can't live in our roof. Cons include: the zinc roofs are much, much hotter than the thatched roofs, more mosquitoes (septic system), and not feeling... traditional.
When Death is kidnapped, his daughter Susan Sto -- er, Calliope Reaper-Jones has to take over the family business. On the plus side, this means she has an excuse to skip out of work. But it also means missing a killer sale at Macy's!
Then I thought if you have an odd pillow case/scrap fabric etc that fits the feel of my 'therapy quilt' I would love to add it too. It would make this quilt so much more special to my family and in years to come the quilt will become the story of our journey through this time of our lives.
At this point, it was totally out of my hands. I had done pretty much all I could. I was going to find email addresses for the store manager and anyone up the food chain that I might be able to continue my efforts, but didn’t really expect much success. But as always, God is in control. He asks us to make the efforts and do what we can, and then leave things in his hands. Sometimes, it’s easy to forget that even after we are done working, he is always working.
At 81, renowned jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal continues to build his stellar reputation as an intrepid and inventive virtuoso with the 2012 release of Blue Moon with original recordings and exciting interpretations of songs from classic film and Broadway. Jahmal will share this latest project for the first time in the D.C. area on Friday, June 22, 2012 at 8 p.m. in the Music Center at Strathmore.
Finally, they were deep-fried in batches at 375°F for 3-4 minutes until golden brown and delicious.
The highlight of the trip was either when I:
Fortunately, I knew someone who did these amazing maps by hand & would recreate a much smaller, more weddingish version of the information I needed my guests to know.
Mike Caldwell was a pitching star in North Carolina and was a key piece sought after by the new North Carolina State baseball coach in '67. He was able to get Mike and another local star Chris Cammack to Raleigh where his two stars got NC State their first and only College World Series appearance their freshman year. Both Chris and Mike would get conference honors as they would do a couple times later in their college careers. Mike finished with a 32-10 college record and was drafted the June of his senior year by the Padres. He then had a whirlwind minor league career going 6-1 in two Single A spots that summer before getting called up to his first game in September where he didn't give up a run in six games. He then spent '72 and '73 moving between the pen and the rotation as one of San Diego's more reliable pitchers. After a combined record of 12-25, though, he was probably ready for the change and up to San Francisco he went.
7. China's Great Wall.
Coral Springs Coach Brantley Barr has been pleased with his team’s performance over the season. Both the men’s and women’s teams have done well. Dario Delices has done well in the triple jump and Jenna Boersma performed well in the pole vault.
Back when I was an adolescent and was growing my hair long and listening to that thar heavy mental and punk rock music, my mother decided I must be doing drugs. Maybe it was guilt by association, given the looks and actions of some of the cats I'd sometimes run with. Perhaps she just figured I was my father's son, he'd been dancing with Mary Jane as long as I can remember, even though my mother would remind him the substance was illegal. During one of our discussions on my presumed drug use, I double-dog-dared my mother do a blood or urine test on me.
Cheese quesadilla, roasted broccoli, lite ranch dip in the Hello Kitty container, grapes and orange jelly.
Today was a tough day for me. I felt extremely exhausted and I flat out did not want to work out. I was determined to leave work, go home, and get dressed to workout and hit play right away.
I've been fighting a skin infection this week. Finally went to urgent care yesterday, got antibiotics. I woke up today with my eye swollen completely shut, the entire right side of my face swelled up and hot, and in a lot of pain, so I went to the ER.
The development of the story was thorough and kept me turning page after page. I liked seeing Lex figure things out and learn more about Uncle Mort and the world he lived in. Speaking of Uncle Mort....I loved him. He's ability to get through to Lex when very few others could made their connection special. The fact that he did it through sarcasm, humor, and respect made me like him a little more than some other characters.
Is it a misty thought
I just went home after that, I was feeling worse and worse, feigned that I was more ill than I actually was and came and laid in bed. That’s where I’ve been for the last 3 hours, just hiding under the duvet because I’m scared to come out and upset anyone else and scared that I feel so bad I want to hurt myself for being awful to everyone.
The race has not been run since 1997.
I know that he is in the arms of our loving heavenly Father right now......
Why are MMOs increasing in Demand?
The argument will be raised that America is “a nation of immigrants”, but that was then and this is now. The earlier flow of immigrants from Ireland, Scotland, Italy, Germany and Russia were needed in the 1800s to provide workers for the nation’s industrial base and as farmers for its expanding land mass. And they were white and Christian.
Cooked in an imported wood burning brick oven at a temperature of 485 C (905 F) the organic sourdough crust blisters to a nice char. Crisp on the outside, soft on the inside with a good tug factor to pull a piece away and enjoy. Ingredients are organic and fresh. Some of the best I have ever had.
- Sam
Only one was caught cleaning her teeth - and she accepted the fixed penalty fine instead of fighting the case.
The past three months of my life have been a constant lesson in patience. Job hunting in a hard economic time is difficult on anyone, and I certainly was not spared from that list.
The moles aren't the only thing that dig holes in the yards.
Good men make me feel good. I love the way they treat me and I love the way I feel when I’m with them.
Well, there is another reason apart from Harry Potter and the temptation of punching myself in the face, and that is, my mum and 4 year old sister have come to visit me :) (have you ever tried to read, do assignments or ANYTHING with a 4 year old saying, "What are you doing?", "But why?" and "Will you play with me?" every 5 minutes?) It's pretty great, I've missed them both a bunch :D
And so I practise
Upon hearing the details of the new album from Californian metalcore band As I Lay Dying one just knew there would be a mixed reception towards it without even hearing a sound. The news of an album containing covers and remixes even with some original material was bound to cause a stir, because as loyal and passionate as metal fans are many do not like songs tampered with or classics tainted, or it seems even attempted in many cases. Decas is sure to split opinions once heard but as a celebration of the band’s 10 year anniversary it is a pretty fine and enjoyable release.
It would also put off the very controversial decision to end Saturday delivery.
My advice nice guys, retrain your bad boy comrades in how to treat a girl properly. That way fewer girls will over-look the nice guys with their clouded and distorted vision that these bad boys have imposed on them.
Rio
I’ve had them in the pot for about 4 years (and yes, I should have divided them up), and they get a steady amount of water and during the Wet Season they’re deluged. Ironically the rain had dried up in the past week and the temperatures dropped. Typical for this time of year, but did the changed conditions contribute to the infestation or was it just bad luck?
For the best viewing experience, view fullscreen in HD.
Disclaimer: This post might contain what some would consider too much information. But I don't think so. It seems there are no boundaries to what women will talk about-- or write about-- when it comes to birthin', babies, and bodies. I'm writing about the return of my fertility just in case another nursing twin-mama is curious.
The people in my life, with their neat lives, stand back in wonder and amazement. The people in my life love me dearly, and there are a lot of them. They love me messy, and happy, and real, and me. That’s radical acceptance on their part and it’s pretty darned cool. I think they even learn a little from me.
You've encouraged me,
But according to Ms Shannon, the numbers of Irish people coming to Boston now are nowhere near as high as they were in the 1980s — a sign, perhaps, of America’s own economic misfortunes.
They were all shocked and couldn’t believe what they were hearing.
11. Steady And Stable (Strange Roads) feat. Chokeules, Richard Benjamin, MC Homeless, Riddlore? & Timbuktu
Unedited. Celebrating 60, Spontaneous, Shy, Social whirl of a girl! *A
Guys who know for sure that they are never going to have a chance to go out with a beautiful girl like you indulge in such wild stares. They do know others may be looking at them in disgust, but to them, all they care about is their moment of glory. They got to see a beautiful girl’s bra straps! In their mind, all they scream out is, “Wow! Now that’s a sight to store in mind for later!”
