♥ I'm a lolita from Argentina and I'm 17 years old (I have been a lolita since 2008)
The Wiggle Chair is made by gluing multiple layers of corrugated cardboard
5) Add an embellishment. I used a silk flower with a punched flower in the center and attached it with this gem brad, which I am pretty sure came from We R Memory Keepers.
Hops and Punishment - Russian Dostoyevsky (Bob pulled this one out of his ass some how!)
Thanks for looking
Yes, I know it is St. Patrick’s Day.
the pains of all the members are centered in Thee. Help all Thy people even
The mild-so-far weather has been really good to this area's Camellias. The Sasanquas have been blooming with a vengeance, and even some of the Japonicas are starting to show.
4. Put double sided tape around the edge of the bubble wrap and stick in in place over the images.
Jump to an anonymous land.
There really should be some kind of manual for all this shit. Not that we'd actually READ the thing, I know. But anything would help. Hindsight is helpful and everything, but FORESIGHT would be even better, don't you think?
A church in Galveston.
But maybe it is also not unreasonable to expect this level of forethought when a feature like the authenticator is introduced, and expect a change to the systems we use within a good timeframe. Say less than two years after the press release.
The new Welsh design, in a field of oil seed rape, lies only seven miles southwest of the spectre of last season’s remarkable formation –the July 18th ‘quake-vibration’ crop circle at Woolaston Grange, Gloucestershire. While lying on the same (Welsh) side of the Severn, the 2010 ‘ghost’ technically lies in England, but it also faces diagonally across the river to the nuclear plant. Between the two lies the ancient stronghold of Caes-Gwent, ‘castle of Gwent’, modern Chepstow.
"That's correct."
We got him cornered in the churchyard ? I heard somebody shout.
Southern Star Brewing Company
Tactics against Falcons: Small arms fire is practically useless against a falcon. Sniper rifle fire can hit the cockpit, and overcharged plasma can occasionally disrupt the hovering. The biggest weakness against the Falcons are straight up explosive weaponry, especially heat seeking rockets (1 or 2 will do) and plasma grenade launchers (3-4 grenades will do the trick) – the Falcon simply isn’t maneuverable enough to dodge them.
In yesterday’s post, I had mentioned something about the umbrellas in the shot of the man by the door. It was strange to find a bunch of random umbrellas in an airport terminal, but there’s good reason for these to be there.
over her shoulder a crescent moon.
Hmmmm good thing this wasn't payroll week. don't know when I would have gotten that done.
Me: Yes. They look delicious. Can you slip one in the bag for me anyway? I want one.
You have no reputation to protect.
Sometimes I just prefer to see the whole lyrics in front of me, while listening. So one of those lyrics sites I often look into is http://www.songmeanings.net/songs/view/66410/
The boys came home, breaking my trance. I broke free of the leather chair (who may find itself summarily dismissed for its continued failure to aid in productivity), went upstairs to where the beginning of twilight lit the bay window of my room like a treehouse.
There you go...There probably not many blogs that mention music composition and gardening tips in one post!!!
Fear of losing energy. Sometimes, when I have a lot of ideas and I want to do a lot of things, or when I'm traveling, I lose energy and I can't do as many things as I want. So I have to plan days when I'm not doing anything. I find that a bit boring, but it's necessary.
Aren't they all fabulous??!!
The charm of Lycanthrophy is their vocal female/male duo that quickly changes between the verses accompanied by some really tight arrangements of fast and furious grind. Riffs and such aren't really exceptional here but the drumwork on the other had really drives the whole thing into space.
There is currently a mountain of circumstantial evidence indicating possible ANC involvement in organised crime and other cloak and dagger tricks. Their inability (or reluctance) to combat the ongoing farm murders is one example; their failure to stop the lucrative drug trade, which is destroying our youth, is another. Another very recent example is the systematic political campaign in Kwazulu-Natal to exterminate IFP councillors (Click here to view the full report issued by the IFP).
and allowed him to bring it into the country. As a result, he says
Bikini swimwear comes with a lot of variety. The difference between bikinis is usually in the bikini tops and bottoms. There are different types of tops to choose from when picking out bikini swimwear. The first type of bikini tops is the triangle one. This is a top that has straps that are tied behind the neck. This is quite an advantage of these triangle bikini tops since the tightness can be adjusted. However, these do not give a lot of support especially for women with large busts.
And yet, I propose that there are tangible and practical reasons for the preservation—perhaps, at this point, the conservation—of print. And the primary reason why I think print should be preserved is aesthetic. I believe that printed books are beautiful, and that e-books are not. Consider the printed book. It is the apex of a craft; it is the concentration of knowledge, uniquely font-ed, laboriously printed and painstakingly assembled. It is the transmission of the thoughts of one human being (sometimes more) to another, passed on by the attentive hands of publishers and bookbinders. And while the crafting of books has gone from the extraordinarily laborious (vellum and homemade ink and illuminations) to the more mundane (paper and industrial ink), the process is not less marvelous.
This essay was chosen to appear in the National "This I Believe" Website
This week’s declaration by a British Parliament committee that Murdoch is “not fit” to run a major company does catch one’s attention. I don’t believe that extraordinary declaration can be separated from Murdoch’s appearance before that committee last year. The most common commentary then reduced his performance to personalized notions such as “doddering grandpa” in light of his long pauses and lack of answers offered. What I saw in last year’s testimony was a boss used to being unaccountable to anyone — his crisp “no’s” and clipped phrases to the questions reflected someone used to giving orders and being in charge. His own manner betrays his role as the person in charge, whether that is tightly managing his properties or creating and encouraging a distinct corporate culture.
The key to this ruling is that Washington's anti-SLAPP law is more robust than Florida's mostly toothless anti-SLAPP protection.
The former National Commissioner, Jackie Selebi, is a perfect example. This brainless puppet fell hook-line-and-sinker into the trap that was set for him, when he accepted over R1.2 million ($157,000; £98,000) in bribes from the convicted drug smuggler, Glenn Agliotti.
Set the alarm on your phone to wake you up just fifteen minutes earlier. You probably won’t jump out of bed with a huge grin, eager to take on the day. You will likely moan a bit. I understand!
A Met Office spokesman said there was no evidence to suggest a supercell storm had taken place, and that the extreme weather was most likely caused by a cold front.
“It’s probably true,” said Steve, “that all comedians have small penises, because the whole comedy thing is a result of…”
What exactly is Fleisher's?
On Wednesday, it was a nice enough day that the kids were able to play outside. Although it is still cold, the weather has been decent enough that we aren't stuck indoors all day, which is especially important when it's the holidays!
The Scottish Novels - Robert Louis Stevenson
hidden in the childhood chambers
Tryndamere: What?
I’ve been feeling a lot like Icarus in the past couple of days as we returned home from our wonderful vacation. Stories swirl about people who’ve found their way into that special place of timelessness, and upon their return, the speed of time sweeps them off their feet and they fall into an abyss.
Don’t they.
Hey guys! Just wanted to share with you some FANTASTIC deals I have found lately. Last night, I scored some sale items I have been lusting after at Anthropologie. The Vallota Peasant Blouse was originally $148 and is on sale for $39.95. I tried this on when it first came out and was in love. GREAT color and quality, it's sexy shear but has a cami that comes with it. I'm glad I waited until it went on sale!
Moskalyova spoke with her mother one last time roughly an hour after she made the first call.
I have made many mistakes and continue to stumble along the path, but I feel a hypocrite trying to write here with the passion I once had.
Let’s be honest: the closest we’ve come to adventure recently was purchasing a 75 cent memoir by an unfamiliar author at the public library’s book sale, (which, by the way, turned out to be a bad decision). So we can’t complain if anyone appears surprised when we voluntarily participate in semi-athletic events. Zach is actually quite good at skiing. He keeps pace with me out of the goodness of his heart, but I suspect he could have handled much more difficult trails on his own.
Review (by soooeee)(spoilers): Kaito Kid is one of the most awe inspiring characters I have ever come across. Extremely intelligent, swift, sophisticated, and mysterious, he’s very much like the Japanese version of Batman. (Only Batman doesn’t steal.) His adventures are told in a way only the great storyteller Gosho Aoyama can. Once again, he amazes his readers with daring accounts of Kaito’s heists, while mixing in a lot of laughs. Although the art isn’t as good as in Detective Conan (after all, Kaito Kid is one of Gosho Aoyama’s earlier works), the story more thank makes up for it. You should definitely try this manga out, especially if you’re a Detective Conan fan. You wouldn’t understand the Kaito Kid bits in DC if you didn’t read this manga.
Hopefully these three different versions of Amy's wonderful sketch have inspired you to create your own sketchy masterpiece.
Feel free to substitute pumpkin or butternut squash for sweet potato, they are equally delicious. Enjoy!
1/2 - 1/3 of a cup of sugar ( I used brown sugar because it was closest to hand, but you can use castor or white sugar)
Gregory: I care
Now, the Matron has never before experienced the dreaded all-intensive tech week herself. She has lived it only through her daughter, who has pretty much lived onstage since she was seven.
A cross between Motarebel Herijuana and our Jack 33.
Hmmmmmmm.
Dr. Joan
Life is short.
Then prepare a piece of designer paper sized 7,6 cm x 12,7 cm for the ground of the post it pad holder. Distress it as well. Then fold your little box as shown below. If you like cut out a half circle in the middle of one larger side. I recommend to do so before you glued it together as it is much easier... I did it after which was a bit more difficult to get a nice cut... I did it with a circle punch, a circle die is fine to do so as well.
Screencaps by Me
No problem. We got a call on Friday night stating they would be here this past Saturday. I said to Dan, “Tomorrow? It’s supposed to rain tomorrow!”
Now I don’t particularly want my kids learning any of that. In the years since I lay on the floor thinking that I could read my way through “the sum of all human knowledge,” as the Britannica billed itself, a lot has changed. Pluto has been demoted, and Neptune, Uranus, and Jupiter all got rings. Computers? Well, most of you probably have one in your pocket that could out process that room-sized behemoth without breaking a sweat. We’ve learned that dinosaurs came in all kinds of colors, and my old pal the Brontosaurus is now known as Apatosaurus. And Barack Hussein Obama is in the White House. Things have changed.
-I have never told him that he doesn't love me and have no idea where this came from?!
This morning’s Boston Globe poll shows the former Massachusetts governor leading the Republican field with 39% among voters likely to cast ballots in the Jan. 10 Republican primary. Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, who has led in some national polls, was tied with Texas Congressman Ron Paul in second place with 17%.
Coral is far more red than her lips’ red:
...all of a sudden, perhaps spawned on by a name painted on a rock, the name 'Eden' pops into my head - immediately followed by 'Eden Gaha'.
So, here are your 5 choices. Pick your least fav, the one that was never going to last. The one that was doomed from the start and that you hated every moment while it was on the screen!
It is best to use a bread machine or your stand mixer to kneed this dough. Otherwise you will have a dense loaf.
What does she say to the children? According to the logic offered by my commenter, she presumably ought to insist to them that Santa Claus will show up on Christmas Eve with a big sack full of presents for all. It’s certainly true that this will fill the children with love, joy, hope, and a sense of inner well-being, for the moment. It might even seem like a good idea, as long as you don’t think about what’s going to happen on Christmas morning, when eyes that had been sparkling with delight the night before look up tearfully from the bare floor to their mother’s face.
But I haven’t played basketball since before I started reading Wayne Dyer and Tony Robbins so I never got to test their claims of how to live in the moment, getting rid of ego, controlling your body and heart rate for an actual game and always wondered how that would change my performance. What better way then to use all the knowledge I’ve gathered and see if I can perform my best by remembering the advice of Dyer and Robbins!
It was not a mouse. It was a rat.
When cleaning and organizing, it’s important to use tools that help you get the job done as quickly as possible.
I think this is partially what drives indie game developers, at least at some level. Making games for the sheer love of making games has a tendency to produce some great stuff. I’d hold up Minecraft as an obvious example, but there are plenty of others. The Rampant Coyote is my touchpoint for getting a bead on good indie games, though the Humble Bundle and Indie Royale are good to check now and then.
UCLA, with 19 returning starters and a likely upgrade at quarterback with the un-injury of Ben Olson, also appears to be a force to be reckoned with.
There will be a Plein Aire Paint-Out on Friday, (9 am-4:30 pm) and Saturday (9 am-noon), April 20-21.Other events include wine tasting events, Cork and Canvas Painting Party (April 19, 6:30 pm), and Presentation of Awards, April 14, Noon.
Wow. Ninety days in Costa Rica.
The mini 'Bon Appetit' card was created using the sweet ornate frame and one of many lovely sentiments from French Country, stamped using Versamark ink and then heat embossed using white embossing powder. I added another vibrant green Shamrock with gold centre to carry on the 'Lucky Irish' theme.
It's been a couple of months since I wrote anything - life intrudes. The last thing I blogged about is the next, and it concerns the new Oakham pub in Kennington.
Sorry – no comments today! Other than I miss my native Washington State and this outfit reminds me of the forest there.
Why It Worked: This one was a little more simple. If you haven't had Fire Chief before, it is a yearly Irish Red seasonal that has a nice balance of caramel malt and hops. Lamb goes great with red ales, ESB, browns and other malty beers. This was no exception. The addition of mascarpone to the polenta and the slow cooked ratatouille added even more complimentary sweetness.
6. Dev - "In The Dark"
If I were to come over all philosophical, I'd say it was quite profound - do I see blue like you see blue? Do things I don't know about exist? Nice as the philosophical pondering is, when you just want to know if a character is a cardinal, a model or a porn star, it's not much use.
Kathy shared with us the top super foods. See below for the document that inspired her great talk.
I appreciate Osiek’s and MacDonald’s effort to take a more holistic approach to the texts by both reading them in conjunction with each other and by considering at length the cultural context of the day as a lens through which to interpret the issue of women. They broaden the older scholarly perspective by including what the text does not say, what has been left out or assumed concerning the daily lives of women.
Not much else going on, though I am sleeping MUCH better. Not a full night yet, but getting there, hopefully the end of insomnia. I hope it's not like the end of Insomnia because I don't want to get hit by a car. Of all the King characters, I think Ralph is my favorite.
The May challenge is to use someone else's blog as your inspiration for the MAY I Challenge. The idea is for you to complete your project by getting inspiration from someone else's blog and then leave a comment at the blog stating that you are using their blog as inspiration for the Scrap Our Stash May I Challenge. In other words your asking MAY I use your blog as my inspiration. Once you complete your project submit a picture and brief description of your project along with the a link to the inspiration blog. Each submission will be posted here at Scrap Our Stash along with the link to the the inspiration blog. Just email a picture of your project along with a description to Scrappinpsycho@live.com.
4/ An economy in meltdown and everyone in fear.
2. Breastfeeding's going to go so much better. I mean, it can hardly fail to, seeing as I now know what I'm doing. And since I'll have the baby right away, we'll be able to try to nurse right away. Odds are very good that the baby will be nursing within an hour of birth. If not -- this time I have a lot more knowledge and heaps of support. I hope to nurse this one longer, as long as I'm not pregnant.
* Just curious: Etouffee. Why does using French words make you feel all sophisticated? As a kid, I would pretend to speak French, butcher what I "read" in my mom's French books, and dream of the day that I would speak fluently. What happened? I took French I from a very Southern-speaking American teacher and the next year I switched to Spanish. That teacher was German.
pictures taken through shop windows in rome’s center in spring time.
How do you approach various types of writing?
‘Right,’ said Felicity, ‘and is the cloud picture necessary?’
after the 1978 postseason, grote retired. which is to say he became a free agent and didn't sign with anyone. so, at the time i figured that the stats on the back of his 1979 card were his total career stats and that this was a final tribute. i was wrong, as grote resurfaced with the royals (and later the dodgers) in 1981.
Pepper Adams: Baritone sax
Arriving in downtown Nashville we were met with a nice chill in the air. My mood continued to increase since I can run with a chill in the air with the best of them. We had a couple of hours to kill before the race started, so we drank an Ensure and ate a banana. There was a little bit of goofing off and a whole lot of people watching. One guy that stuck out had a cut off white T-shirt that wasn’t a straight cut and a ‘stache that would make the biggest child molester jealous. He was the highlight of the morning for sure.
A scene can resolve more than one question at a time, and there can be multiple obstacles in the way. This tends to make for complicated scenes and mixed outcomes. For example, perhaps you have thwarted Moriarty’s plot to assassinate the President, but he managed to shift suspicion to the party and escape with a vial of deadly toxin. Complex scenes are normally best saved for the climax of an adventure because they can slow down the pace of a game, however it can also be used for investigation scenes where there are several pieces of information to be uncovered.
I am equally excited to join my "MUCH OLDER" sisters (tehe) at Drab to Fab!
candles, giving him the biggest hug ever, kissing him
How To Give A Dog A Pill.....
"It is true that Kraftsville was a safe and pleasant place, in comparison with other places. Your hungriest paupers have been better fed than the chiefs of towns. Your people have slept in security. They were free, they were healthy, as human health and freedom go. They had never suffered war. But you know that in most of the world, sir, there has been war and war again, and again, and again war, so that every generation learns again. Strange. It is very strange." He shook his head like a man in real puzzlement.
who fought for us and our freedom of choice
As for the onesie, to this day I have never taken my daughter out in one. She always adorns the headband with a matching outfit. I, on the otherhand, can’t always find the time to have my best face on!
Sunday we drove over an hour to her best friends house for a dinner party.
Women – hates spiders and other creepy crawlies.
New iPad
May 2011 be a year full of prayers, peace, love, understanding and prosperity for all of us.
 Even more dumbed-down schools that are evermore dangerous for our White children to attend, along with ever greater costs of public education (resulting in higher taxes for the relatively more productive remaining White population).
I love the beach.
W2: Your child talks to strangers?
I can't believe how many passwords I have. There's a file on my computer with a list so long my nails grow while I scroll down. Where did they all come from? I don't think I had one password my whole life except for some secret codes my brother and I made up. Now I have secret words (don't forget the *^@&+#'s you have to put in!). Even so we're still all getting hacked and warned put extra locks on that cyber door.
16.) (13 June 2006) “The defense, very early on, filed a motion--I’ll call it a motion to shut up the prosecutor--so the prosecutor could suffer a suppression of evidence, a motion to dismiss the charges, as punishment for speaking publicly.”
Hope you all have a fantabulous week!
Having passed Davenport Gap, we walk beneath I-40, and arrive at Waterville Rd, we have a choice to make. I know the easy route to Standing Bear Farm is to take the easy grade up the gravel road, which the trail eventually crosses. The more difficult choice is to stay on the trail and climb into the woods, going up and down as the trail pointlessly crosses the hills: clearly a more strenuous choice. We pause at the stone stairs that takes the trail into the woods. We look up the gravel road, offering the easier path.
If you want to be successful surround yourself with people of high character, competence and consistency. Then enjoy them and turn them lose to use their skills and together you will build something worth having. You’re the leader you know it and they know it You don’t have to prove it. Just lead.
Nearby, another woman had died from an axe-wound - the weapon still protruded from her shoulder and two men, one with his hands tied behind his back, lay beaten and slashed to death.
* A reader of this blog has corrected the translation of Socrates Scholasticus' account of Hypatia's death quoted on Wikipedia, so it now reads correctly. Let's see if it stays that way or if the zealots change it to conform to their fantasies again.
Even though, right now, every one of those things has a bit of a hollow ring, I know that I will grow to enjoy this time of my life. Transitions are the hardest, as those of you who have gone through childbirth can attest to. And the worst part of all of this is I can't even call my mom to talk to her about it, because she died four years ago. So now I'm the mom...the one my grown up children will call for help and encouragement...and I'd better get my act back together pretty quickly, because I desperately want to be the counselor, and not the counselee
Do not miss this event. Your presence can make a diference. Bring a friend as well.
Another brief but hugely enjoyable phase, roller rinks were all the rage around this time. Me and my two current best schoolfriends had become super-friendly with three girls in the year below. I'd pointed out to my friend Richard one day, that this girl was the spit of Grange Hll's Cathy Hargreaves on whom I had a major crush at the time. Being far too shy to even contemplate asking her out myself - and besides, she wouldn't be interested in me and even if she was, where would we go? - he did it instead. So at least I got to spend time with her.
“Only when I’m required to,” replied Sanderson.
There have been myriads sociological studies published hypothesizing about how women likely evolved behaviors to seek out the most viable mate for their potential offspring; how men seek the most fertile and healthy women to carry on their genes. Women manifest these traits in terms of seeking men possessing wealth and power. Therefore powerful men like Donald Trump and Bill Clinton continue to attract younger women in spite of their age.
To all of you in the blog world,
I always associate swimming with some of the best times in my life. The first day of (hopefully!) a series of monthly swimming lessons with the kids at Abriendo Mentes was no exception, from the very beginning. We started off the day by walking together to the pool space so graciously donated to us by Villas Estival. We were fortunate to be close enough to not need transportation, but we sang wheels on the bus as we walked along anyways.
All right, we’ve arrived at Wednesday.
With their principles people want to tyrannize their habits or justify them or honour them or abuse them or hide them:—two men with the same principles probably want them for fundamentally different things.
I remember reading this on the edge of the Grand Canyon, probably one of the most pivotal weeks of my life. Still have my baton this day...Miss you guys:... By the time you read this, your year of the TTT will officially be done. You will have finished the task you stepped up to last September. Never before has the phrase "the brave, the proud, the few" been more true than to the Timothy Tag Team of 04/05. Every TTT in history has had at least one person who signed up at the start and bailed before the end, but your team- more than any other- has weighed in and taken some serious hits. The line up at the start of the year was filled with potential and a chance to become new friends who took one another to new heights and depths of faith and devotion to Jesus. Some stepped up to that challenge and some backed away. Yes, God's grace is sufficient for all of us, but when I pushed all the chips I had left across the table last February to the TTT and said to you, "The ball is now in your court, for real" and I gave you a baton and asked you not to drop it... Well you truly carried it.I wish with all my heart that I was in town this weekend so that I could be there to say this to you personally and probably cry as I tired to read it. But with as much gratitude and strength that I can muster up, I want to clearly say to you in this letter, "I'm so proud of you. You Rock! You embody what it means to be a faithful servant in times of trial. I want to say thank you. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for not dropping the ball. Thank you for taking the baton that Jesus placed in your hand and giving a full sprint for the finish line. Thanks for owning your faith. Thanks for making your faith in Jesus and your devotion to powerhouse not about pastors and leadership but about guts, faith, and perseverance. Thanks for stepping up." There are few things in this life I have loved with more enthusiasm and commitment than the ministry of Powerhouse. When God called me to go, I left a piece of my soul in Fremont and I took memories and friendships and hope in Jesus Christ to fill the hole it created. Every TTT group before you had to step it up. Every TTT group before you had to decide if they wanted to keep or chuck the faith. But more than any other group, you had to really put your money where your mouth is and decided to embrace a God whose plans are not always ours when you could have decided to be bitter, angry or apathetic to the change that God has called Powerhouse to. Thanks for Caring. Thanks for loving. Thanks for truly living. I leave you with this verse as a reminder and challenge as you too turn the corner and leave a piece of your life behind- your high school days in Powerhouse. In a sense your race with the Baton of faith is just beginning and the finish line is nowhere in sight if you live to be a senior citizen. So, remember the challenge of Paul to those in difficult situations in the Colossian church. “Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart, as working for the Lord, not for men, since you know that you will receive an inheritance from the Lord as a reward. It is the Lord Christ you are serving.” Col 3:23-24. Carrying the baton with you. Your friend and youth pastor, Brian C. Berry
“There is more hatred between the poor and the wealthy in America today than at any other time that I can remember. But hating people because of how much money they have or don’t have is not going to solve anything. Instead, it is just going to cause more problems…Most people that are rich and most people that are poor are not purposely trying to abuse the system. Most of them are hard working people that are trying to do the best that they can in a world that is increasingly going crazy…”
can you hold me to it, friends?
A new person is starting in the office next week and I hope it is someone easy to work with, not that we work at the same time but working at a camp ground takes a bit of coordination for things to go well and passing of info is important. I sometimes feel like I am the only one that works at that, in work places but maybe it is just me. Seem to me most people are only interested in the little part of the world that they are in at the time. OK I best get off this line of thought before this really goes down hill, LOL!
Utter secrecy and absolute loyalty is essential to the continued success of this program. This is enforced through fear of murder or bankruptcy and through a cult which probably takes us back to the times of the pyramids and before. Philosophically ‘they’ believe in Hegelian dialectics through which they justify bringing about horrible wars – euphemistically called ‘controlled conflict’. Their political ideology is ‘collectivism’ whereby mankind has to be ‘managed’ by a group of men, ‘them’, organised for the purpose – a hidden ‘dominant minority’. ‘They’ believe that they know better than ordinary mortals. The Illuminati, the Freemasons, members of other known and unknown secret societies, all mesh together under the wealthiest cabal in human history to take a mesmerised, dormant and battered mankind from one abyss to the next. Former MI6 agent John Coleman refers to a “Committee of 300” that controls and guides this vast subterranean human machinery.
And even though we have no weapons of mass destruction
Under glass
Overall though I have to say that everything runs pretty smoothly until bedtime because we do start early and we stick to the same thing every night. In a perfect world I would have someone help me out but I'm sure I'm like a lot of mum's and do it solo. And at 8.30 you'll find me laying out clothes for the next day, sorting school bags and tidying up before a bit of tv and knitting!
I feel like I’ve been less involved with tech recently, maybe it’s because I’ve been into way too many things. I recently developed 3 new hobbies (DJing, Audiophilia and Graphic Design) and also picked up some old hobbies (Guitar, Golf, Gaming) and I’ve been really involved in them. But alas, it’s time I prioritized don’t you think? Well tentatively I’ve chosen to keep filmmaking and Technology as my main hobbies, and audiophilia/guitar/photography/golf/gaming as the side hobbies. The rest will just have to wait till I find some time in my life. So what’s new in the technology department you ask?
“When the Pharisees heard it, they said, This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by Beelzebub, the prince of devils.”
This basic start involves tuition three times a week, tuition homework and Year 1 homework along with additional extra-curricular activities, like practising writing and spelling tests.
Zoo City spikes your drink with mashavi goodness then lines up a dozen more shots filled with all manner of pureed noir, urban grime, shamen shenanigans, 419 scams, and pop-culture spin.
Something that will bring beauty to your soul.
I had a few minor issues with character development and at times found myself wondering why Tyler did or did not make certain choices in moving the film forward. There was however, a great scene with Josh and Academy Award nominated actress, Viola Davis who played Ellen, a counselor to abused women that really stood out and struck an emotional chord.
Jose Rodriguez ran the CIA’s Counterterrorism Center from 2002 to 2005, the period when top al-Qaeda leaders Khalid Sheikh Mohammed (KSM) and Abu Faraj al-Libbi were taken into custody and subjected to “enhanced interrogation techniques” (EITs) at secret prisons overseas. KSM was subjected to waterboarding, sleep deprivation and other techniques. Al-Libbi was not waterboarded, but other EITs were used on him.
Just get the free app from Kindle, and they can be downloaded to an IPhone, IPad, or Blackberry.
Or follow her on Facebook at Pixie Vacations by Julie
A: There’s a big wheel parked outside his house.
The infinite oval form fascinating
Its me Kim and I am here to share some projects I made for Christmas.
Kathy’s first full day here was packed! We left the house a little after 9 and got home around 8. Tired!! But we had a lot of fun. We took the train down south to Anan, about 45 minutes – 1 hour south of Tokushima. There we met Kathy’s nephew, Jared and his girlfriend Miyuki. Jared has a great one bedroom apt. The set up is such that the living area / kitchen is the same room so his one heater heats both! Wish mine worked that way… and he doesn’t have windows in the shower or toilet rooms so his place has to be much warmer than mine… anyway…
For those who have missed some or all of the FREE Daily Downloads since April 28th, I also have the kit in the store. It is 30% off during my Featured Designer spot through May 11th. You can click on the preview to grab it.
He said he was probably about 12 years old and he remembers they had a hard time making a living because there was no rain. It was "terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible." He said people were "going to California in droves", but no one he knew personally. They were "going to try to get work. They'd lost everything they had. Maybe they had a few dollars, so they headed to California and maybe on the way they had to find work." They'd stop for a little while and earn a little more money to continue on their way to California. "The dust was really bad," he repeated several times.
There's nothing to lose! MaggiesDirect.com has wonderful quality products. I would love to win this contest and I'm certainly going to be trying to get as many entries as possible!
Assembling the boxes is significantly easier than assembling regular Ikea furniture. We got 4 boxes assembled at a leisurely pace in about 1.5 hours. The next day we took about 2 hours to hang these four and the one last upper on the wall. We waited to assemble the last cupboard because were weren't sure if it would be 12 or 15 inches. Ikea cabinets come with a rail mounting
Peanuts - 2 tbsps
I mumbled something about "I'm so sorry, there are a lot of nursing files on here and I had no idea those pictures were in them".
I also laid out the "Cabbages and Roses" blocks. There will be more blocks...a 9-patch made out of the leftover jelly roll strip, that will alternate between the Squares block. I just need to decide if I like the darker colours...the red and dark blue in the mix before I make up the 9-patch blocks. So this is the combination of the blocks so far...
Ahhhh and CMOST!
Or, in the case of religion, you’ve got (more free examples!) Christians or Muslims or Jews or whoever saying that women absolutely must be subject to men, it says so right here in the Bible, for serious, and you’ve got Christians or Muslims or Jews or whoever saying that, no, not agreeing so much with that idea. And maybe someone would argue that the first group is obviously just Better At Religion than the latter group, but then that raises the question of what’s up with all those other parts of their scripture that they’re not pushing everywhere every day. I don’t know nearly so much about Jewish or Islamic scriptures, but I hear Jesus had some pretty harsh things to say about people who held onto their wealth while others were hungry or naked or in distress. I hear he wasn’t wild about violence or hating people because they were different. And yet there seem to be an impressive number of people self-labelled as Christians who say that their wealth is morally deserved and those dudes who like to make out with other dudes should be threatened with violence because they are to blame for all evil.***
It was nice to be able to take the time to take in some of these glorious crafted moments, not just in some of the bigger recreated sets but also the smaller objects and the massive amount of care and detail that has been put into everything, even if it only appeared on screen in the background or was a fleeting appearance.
Ms. Ozaki went even further than “interpretation,” actually adding her own bits and pieces to make the stories better—she was a storyteller as well as a translator! Now she was my role model. But what about her life? How did translators live back in the days before typewriters, let alone computers and online dictionaries?
“I thought I was going to have to go back to Basildon and do something horrible on a building site in order to raise that kind of cash… But thanks to the support from nice Mr Tommy I can continue to pedal my filthy ditties to packed audiences every night…”
REDUCE - REUSE - RECYCLE
In the meantime, I had charged my brother with the task of calling a couple of uncles to get them to come over because I knew they would be in some of the videos. My brother told me that there was no way he talk to them without telling them. I told him that he had to. It's rehabilitation time. How can a grown man not be able to keep his mouth shut? You have got to face this. We debated for 20 minutes. He didn't know why he couldn't tell them since this was just a surprise for Mom, and I told him why not surprise as many people as possible. There are dead people in these videos! They will ALL like to see the dead people! He eventually caved and I was sure that he could do it. I gave him the script. "Hey Uncle. We are having a little something for Mom at the house Sunday. Be there at 2 and bring something to eat." Very simple.
So far it seems we can find either the music/art side of things or the theology side of things. It’s been a very discouraging experience thus far to see the state of churches today as opposed to the vision we have for what the Church can be. It doesn’t help that Matt has had extensive experience with church planting, so we’re more likely to start something new where we can’t find it than be satisfied with whatever we find to be the status quo. Starting something new is great when you already have a likeminded community to start something with, but since we just moved here and have no friends yet outside of Matt’s coworkers, there’s not much we can do on our own.
December 25
of the exterior of the apartment I've created for Belle ...
Is it the money they have? The charities they sponsor? The projects they orchestrate, fund and see through to its completion? Is it their values and morals about the world around us and how they interact in the world together? Or do we, their fans make them power couples just by being their fans? I’m wondering if maybe we assign ‘power’ where there really isn’t any. Like I said, I won’t name names, but one couple comes to my mind and when I heard the news they were separating, I felt true remorse for them and how they let their ‘power’ come between them. I’ve thought about this issue quite a bit, mostly because William and I both are always working, striving, planning, or orchestrating something both separately and together. We have jobs outside the home, we have our own home businesses, we have home projects, we our always looking for ways to not only improve our life together as a couple, but we truly want to improve the world in general. While we’re not millionaires yet, does our heart felt desires for improvement in all areas (financial, ethical, moral, spiritual) make us a power couple?
Which is nice.
The pasta arrived first. It wasn’t as orange-y as I was expecting, but hubby loved the taste. The pasta was just okay for me, but eating the meaty chicken and tomato bits afterward was much better. It was drowning in olive (?) oil too. Serving size was good for one. Fine for me, but probably not filling enough for a growing teenager.
#29 In the Aeroplane Over the Sea by Kim Cooper
At the Gun Shop I wanted to put my hands on one of the new small Ruger LC9 9mm automatic Pistols that Ruger just introduced on the market. It's only been out a month or so and is getting a lot of attention and selling like hot cakes. It sure is a nice feeling little Pistol and I will look for a good deal on one to add to my collection…. just Google Ruger LC9 and take a look! Smooth action and superb trigger pull. Ruger has really gone places in the Firearm industry and has become very highly recognized and respected. They make fine guns, and right here is the USA!!
Stingrays are one of several new technologies used by law enforcement to track people’s locations, often without a search warrant. These techniques are driving a constitutional debate about whether the Fourth Amendment, which prohibits unreasonable searches and seizures, but which was written before the digital age, is keeping pace with the times.
Hello my darlin dears, wonderful meadow creatures that love the south pond & you hilarious Gnomes who want me to get a miniature donkey because they say Fred is just to big to ride,
the vocals stop.
Good-tempered leaders invigorate lives; they’re like spring rain and sunshine. (Proverbs 16:15 MSG)
You could say Joy was a reluctant model for the pictures, no smile, but she loves her new outfit and boots even if it doesn't show!
Here is the punch line.
After finding out more about the beer though, it sounded like it was going to be pretty great. A Triple Imperial vanilla mocha Stout, and at 11% too. Those crazy hardcore Hardknott's produced this by double mashing a double Imperial Stout and then throwing in really rich flavours consisting of chocolate, vanilla and coffee. Sounds good on paper, but the proof is in the pudding beer, so to speak.
The moon was a ghostly galleon tossed upon cloudy seas, . . .”
I absolutely love that scene and that movie. I've only ever seen it once though. I saw it with my ex, and I think there are too many memories contained within it to watch it again. However, that doesn't take away how fantastic that scene is, and the dancing therein. Plus the awesome hotness of David Bowie. Those tights aren't stuffed girls and boys.
So there you have my ‘J’ - Jam and Jerusalem
South Africa has its high summer season in December, and the place to find bloggers and artists is mostly the kitchen as social life is at its peak and family members get together. Somewhere in the middle of hot-hot January, a guilty feeling about 'not painting' gears its head! Thus it is time to pick up where I left off!
I'm sad this round of Tuesdays with Dorie has ended...but I know I have a book full of great recipes and notes, friendships and inspiration to carry me for many years to come.
What makes these daredevil young racers ever so slightly laughable is the vehicles they have to perform in. Due to the outlandish insurance costs now available for anybody under the age of 87, these brave young men are forced to buy cheap slightly less than super minis, and then do with them what they can. This usually involves painting them a hideous colour (lime green seems to be a favourite), adorning them with ridiculous patterns and then equipping them with an exhaust bigger than most people’s television sets. This gives the sound of a jet fighter, with the unfortunate side effect of the performance of a shopping trolley. Then for the Pièce de résistance: The stereo. A ludicrous monster that they can turn up to roughly the same volume as the Live aid concert.
I'd love to know if you can see a visible difference in the pictures of my forehead and I'd love to know if you have tried this and what you think?
I went to the kitchen and placed an order of hot coffee. “No, no.” my reason replied, it’s late and you don’t want to be bouncing off walls all night. You will have the decaf Reason insisted and you shall have Canderal instead of sugar, oh yes and 0% milk. There you go honey enjoy your studying.
Now onto things I can quantify. I’ve done a lot of grocery shopping lately. I want to do a better job this month of keeping track of my budget. I feel like I’m always good about it in the beginning, and then fall off the wagon.
ior to
“When you have this level of expansion, you produce two effects: one is the artificial depreciation of a currency,” Rousseff said, according to a recording of conversation with reporters on the presidential website. “The other serious problem is that you have a mass of money that doesn’t go to the real economy. What do you get? Bubbles and speculation.”
I found it ironic that I got this image considering I am on a no-shopping challenge for a month, lol.
Tolle doesn’t subscribe to any one religion, but claims that his influences include the Bible, Zen Buddhism, Sufism (a mystical branch of Islam), and Hinduism. That should tell you that he’s picking and choosing from different religions, which would make any adherent to any of these religions pretty irritated. His teachings focus on “being present in the Now” and searching your inner person to find enlightenment. He talks about God as a being, which we are not really separate from if we are connected with him. When you live life in the present moment, you just allow it to “be,” rather than labeling it or judging it as a good or bad experience. This acceptance leads to surrender to the present moment. The goal of all of this is some spiritual transformation, which can happen at any moment.
Years later, I got back to it (about at most, 3 months ago). Except I didn't feel like continuing the progress I made before; I barely remembered what happened, plus I missed a lot of stuff in my first playthrough. Going through it all again was a lot of fun, and as I finally beat Quarantine, I noticed it mentioned save data that could transferred. What? But... wasn't Quarantine the last in the game?
Now, an alarming new documentary suggests that security problems with the inter-connected and seemingly convenient smart grid may be so serious that they could lead to a catastrophic failure of our nation’s entire power infrastructure.
Fingers crossed that this next phase of potty training is swift and painless.
In need of a novel to be sold or to be used for other personal reasons? Then why not take a look at public domain novels. There are a lot of choices in store for you, that is for certain. But then someone told you about the possible copyright law governing those public domain novels. Before you worry about the copyright law governing public domain novels which you are eyeing on, you first should comprehend on what the real score of copyright protection is.
Logan led police to Juarez’s body, and Kemp was arrested. Logan was later sentenced to life in prison.
It’s love, it’s love, it’s love
“My father is a butcher and he sells meat at the town’s market. My mother helps him. They are also farmers. They usually go to the fields at afternoon when father gets back from the market. But when it is busy time, father puts business aside because farm work waits for no man. During the harvest time, if the crops are still in the fields when the weather goes bad, there will be great loss. ..Last fall I worked as an intern reporter in Global Times. With the coaching of my mentor, I learned to finish a report. It was a hard time and I often stayed late at evening but I felt quite satisfied and encouraged when reading my report with the byline in newspaper the next day.”
2. listening to music
I hope you join in with this challenge this month...
Back to my knees. I realized my running form wasn’t ideal for my knees, and I changed it. I no longer land on my heels, I land on my forefoot. And it works great for me. It also helps me breathe better, a big plus for me.
Aloud, in whisper, in silence — God hears them all, right?
Yesterday was yet another beautiful Spring day in New York. Temperatures were in the low 50s when I started my 45 minute run and in the low 60s when I ended my slog. The sky is a clear lapis lazuli with nary a cloud. In short, it was a perfect day for a run. Except, of course, for the tourists who are everywhere, blocking every path you can conceivably run on.
Well, a bit. Have been watching some videos, and following discussions about old milongueros, people like Tete, about how musical they are and how their posture is the way it is because they are, you know, old milongueros, caring more about the connection then what they look like, and, well, let´s face it, they are also quite old, so I guess they can´t be expected to stand perfectly straight and their movements simply aren´t as sharp and elegant as they might have been in their youth (although – you saw how Gavito danced, just a few months before his death? he must have been ill and everything, but as straight and elegant as you can imagine, with unfailing precision of movement; I don´t know how he did it.. of course, he was el grande Gavito.. just a thought).
What fun Eastery ideas have you seen lately?
We finished the Odyssey in 3h47 according to the official timing, and placed 399th and 400th (out of 800 starters).
Ok, the Amalekites were evil. But do two wrongs make a right? Just because they were genocidal maniacs, why is it fine for God to command Israel’s returning the favor?
Tom Ballard: the thing you have to understand is we didn’t really know what we were doing at that point. You do something for so long you stop wondering about the reasons behind it. I think we were all just sitting around, waiting for him to come out of that thing. No one had even thought about calling the police, no one even suggested it. Gave me a real start when they showed up.(DNE 48)
Setting up:
The help of the individual viewer is needed !!
On that sobering note, the photo session went considerably longer as we contemplated the diminishing presence of Green newborns in tomorrow's world. It also provided Wanda with a chance to dig out every last morsel of poop in her diaper, and create a shit diorama of staggering scope and energy.
When people think of Kentucky they think of Horses, Bluegrass and Bourbon. So it would make sense that beer and bourbon would come together. This stout is housed in old bourbon barrel's to give it that iconic Kentucky flavor. First you may think Thomas Jefferson, but you would be wrong. The Jefferson namesake would be the county that Louisville and the BBC reside in.
Beth Gibbons from Portishead and Kate Bush are some female singers who have interesting voices. For me, many interesting voices have a colour. Today a rellie and I were having an argument at a supermarket about the colour of the music that we were listening to, as Wuthering Heights by Kate Bush, one of the strangest bits of music to ever hit the top of the charts, was playing on the PA system among the aisles of groceries. Don’t worry about us. We are just a little bit different.
More information on fuel, adjustments and issues can be found under the articles/info link at www.ForestApps.com .
-Share the title & author, too, so that other TT participants can
At first I thought she must be joking. It was asking for trouble when I told her it was perfectly normal for children to sleep with their mothers.
feel free to contact me on my personal Email
Former Navajo Nation Supreme Court Justice Raymond D. Austin just published his incredible work, “Navajo Courts and Navajo Common Law: A Tradition of Tribal Self-Governance” with the University of Minnesota Press.
Obit today in the Guardian, the above was the co-screen writer for Tarkovsky’s Nostalgia (the one with the self-immolation at the end); Antonioni’s l’Aventurra (the one with Monica Vitti, in which the girl Anna goes missing from the island); and Fellini’s Amarcord (the one with the fog, and the motorbike races, and the uncle who climbs the tree and throws stones at everyone) – but also those neo-realist(?) films of Rosa; Giuliano, Illustrious Corpses.. a major passing.
Follow this link:
It is clear that you are not your mind, you change it all the time, but you are still you.
The Senate Agriculture Committee’s action on the bill this spring marks historic progress on this bill, and it’s vitally important that the Senate continues this effort and passes a bill in the coming weeks.
Instant payday Loans genuinely only add up if you’re ever for unexpected expenses. It is not recommended to look at an easy mortgage loan In order to wager at an online casino. With financial products so effortlessly and readily offered you will be inclined to use over you could repay. In truth if you want a Income right up until payday loan, it is usually a good idea to consider why it had become important. What about a very little financial organizing in your favor are working order.
“Santa is real St. Nickolas was born in Turkey and he did exist.” Yes, by that criteria, Santa is real. By the general criteria that people see Santa Claus as, the fat man in red that has flying reindeer and can watch every child on Earth, he is not real. I was not talking about some saint from Turkey. If you seriously thought that that is I was talking about, then you’re an idiot, and I don’t know why you even thought that your opinion was worth wasting my time and bandwidth. I’m not going to even bother reading the rest of your “argument,” because from what I have seen from glancing at it, I have read it all before. It’s all the same s**t, different dumbass.
Take some quiet time alone to rest, meditate, and contemplate
So, I've been wracking my brain about how I could resolve this problem. It came to me like a bolt of lightening out of the sky (no, that's a simile!)- there really is no way to solve this conundrum short of somehow bending time.
I am not sure when the last time I had punch..
If you aren't able to visit the places you want to write about, I recommend using Flickr.com to write from photos as well as the official websites you find. Flickr photos are more natural and often show detail you wouldn't find out about any other way.
Sluts in a Shack
Once they reach the US, they must now learn to adapt quickly, learning new customs, adapting to new and strange foods, coping with the ordeal of getting, and keeping a job, or multiple jobs, while never forgetting the loved ones they left behind in Africa. These men inspired me and my heart ached for them. They had seen the worst of humanity and had survived unimaginable hardships but still believed in the best the universe had to offer. They embodied such grace and kindness through all their actions. Not to mention, they send most of the money they make working in the US, back to Kenya to their fellow lost boys and loved ones. Selfless and brave doesn’t even begin to describe these men.
ultimately fading away into...
Corruption spread unchecked to every institution of the republic, including the armed forces. Mali’s junior officers and rank-and-file troops — i.e., those who mounted the coup — distrusted their senior officers and defense ministry officials, whom they accused of selling out their cause for private gain. “Is it surprising,” asks Konaté, “in a country where the state belongs to a mafia, that the army should be beset by corruption, theft and nepotism? If the rebels racked up victories, it’s because they were facing an army where officer grades [galons] were selling like hotcakes.”
Artists featured include The Panthers, Sic Alps, Miles Davis, Psychedelic Aliens, Group Doueh and Jimi Hendrix. For the complete tracklist, please check out Eclectic Grooves.
Sometime after mom's death, us 3 girls were separated between the 2 sets of grand parents. I was raised with my father's parents who consisted of his dad, mother in law and half brother Pasca. My real father's mom died in his teenage years, she was a Concert Pianist.
Phreak: Since Xypherous told me to.
I felt like going a little shabby with all those layers in Jen's Deconstructed Sketch #51.
Beams down on the open space
Bangalore
your eyes.
I would add less poetically in today’s challenging world that might be more appropriate..”when a big wave is approaching, you better get your fricking boat out to sea!….because the marina and shoreline are about to get pounded!”
Day 3 – Torndirrup National Park
I'm leaving for New York soon, and just the thought of that makes me jump up and down with excitement!
You may have missed...
486000 Pipeline transportation
Second years covers those players entering the final year of their scholarships. This group will be aiming for professional contracts this season, and includes Josh Rees and Alban Bunjaku.
The lemon juice (just a squeeze) is the super-duper, not-to-be-overlooked secret ingredient that puts it over the top.
The Sultan Qaboos Award for Culture, Arts and Literature aims at supporting the cultural, artistic and literary fields considering them as a way to emphasise the cultural and humanitarian promotion.
For Death is the great equalizer.
Incidentally, favouring Lib Dem
…the threat to our world comes not only from tyrants and their tanks. It can be more insidious though less visible. The danger of global warming is as yet unseen, but real enough for us to make changes and sacrifices, so that we do not live at the expense of future generations.
highlight growth
Maybe you're a bar owner, and you're wondering, will these low-alcohol session beers really sell? Here's a note from Drew Topping, who runs Piper's Pub on Pittsburgh's South Side (great place, highly recommended). He's got three hand-pumps pouring cask ale, and...well, here's what he said.
(1) Whorwell PJ.Use of hypnotherapy in gastrointestinal disease. Br J Hosp Med (ENGLAND) Jan 1991, 45 (1) p27-9
The first year I borrowed my daughters pickup and
Have a look.
The Hardware:
Patrick told me to run. Run away from the sin, he said. I just wanted to run away from him.
completing one sweep across the path in one ELF/VLF
The play opened with rambunctious madness. Three trampolines built into the floor of the stage aided the troop as they all weaved around each other and practically bounced over one another in a scene reminiscent of a chase from a Tom and Jerry cartoon. Mobile scenery props - trees, suits of armour, a hobby horse and a sheep that baa’d at the most inopportune moments - did much to add to the general folly and comedy of the play. Characters ran on and off the stage with them, using them to give a sense of motion and the passage of time. It was an exuberant opening, but it made me a little nervous as to the ability of the play to follow through. Was the audience up for such a hell-for-leather journey, would we have the energy to stay with this for a two hour period or would it just leave us travel sick?
“Hi uncle”
One night not long ago, after The Bug fell asleep, I snuggled in next to Sweet Pea on her "kitty bed," as she calls it (her sheets have pictures of kitties on them). She wasn't tired enough to fall asleep yet so we chatted a little about this and that.
Mix well …Close the pan and cook for another 15 minutes in low flame ..
one love, one lifetime
I plan to take a Biblical look at money, wealth, possessions every Monday here at 58 degrees to see what God has to say about it all. Won't you join me?
Dozens of animals were removed from Williams’ farm in Cattaraugus County last week including horses, goats, sheep, chickens, and cows. Rescuers say their body was covered in mange, scabs, and lice.
Monday night we took a ride to Wally World to renew my BP prescription. Three months for $10.00 was the same price that Walgreens charged for the single month. I dislike going to Wally World so much but I thought if I can save $80.00 a year, I can deal with the pain of walking into the den of Satan LOL. I'm not used to the packaging though. I reminds me of the containers that birth control pill come in. After about 40 days on the meds my BP is 111/72 with a resting heart rate of 78. I asked my Dr to prescribe the meds because I was feeling a little sluggish before and he was surprised that I would ask for the help since I was just slightly borderline hypertensive. I know that if I can lose the extra 15 to 20 lbs I will probably not need to meds but I feel so much better. I have a lot to look forward to in my future and I plan to be around to enjoy it.
Wishing and hoping the clouds would burst,
in the old machinery!
Some historians call this era the most racist in American history — even more so than the age of slavery. This racism, and the new narrative of an unfortunate war between brothers, took hold in popular fiction, in presidential speeches, in monument building. The story of the emancipation of 4 million slaves — and of the 200,000 blacks who fought for the Union army — “all but vanished from the national story by 1900, 1910,” Blight says…. – Miller-McCune, 12-20-10
I came across a blog post by Swift To-Do List that I thought was interesting. The blog called ‘5 Counter-Intuitive Productivity Tips’ gives tips that make use of those laws behind the way we work. The first tip: Make sure your work is left unfinished is based on the Ziegarnik effect (see The Value of Focus). Another tip: Work less to get more done, is based on the studies that suggest humans work best in blocks of time and that you need to take a break in between those periods of focused work. I enjoyed the article and I encourage you to check it out for the rest of the tips.
Pitch burns.
[Update, Tuesday, 2.31pm: Joe Neff reports that proceedings were adjourned because of an apparent bomb threat, but not before DA Cline offered a "dog-at-my-homework" excuse in the Peterson hearing:
So why would either Chase or Western Union post these signs in the space they paid for? At first glance, they seem to be doing the local shops a straight-up favor, though I've mulled over a few theories that might explain their largess. Neither agent brands their sign anywhere (I even examined a discarded one that was blowing across Tompkins Avenue one afternoon), so the goal isn't any direct connection between the observer and the provider of the sign
And what was so great about it was that it was entirely unapologetic. There were no interactive displays imagining entirely spurious lives for the men and women (OK, woman) commemorated on these stones; no film projections depicting legionaries marching through the Scottish lowlands. Instead, the sculptures, most of which are elaborately carved "distance slabs" (recording such-and-such a number of feet of wall built by such-and-such a chunk of the army) are simply allowed to be themselves: objects of great age and gravity; things of beauty and importance. They are uplit rather handsomely and, as the lovely natural light fades, they look more and more dramatic; they are intensely evocative. '
But we know the heart of the love:
Ska Brewing Modus Hoperandi (6 pack – cans) – This was my concession to buying something that I already knew I liked. I’d had it at The Guild’s Can Fest over the summer and in addition to a great label, it’s a hop-packed brew. Yum!
The complaint says in spring of 2012, the two began to ‘text each other back and forth and that their relationship escalated from that point.’
back into the Sudscrawler, Art lets out a pathetic
What were their core values?
Sometimes art resonates with an audience, and our belief in the rightness and virtue of its creative vision is confirmed. How could it not be? What the artist is doing has just demonstrated its meaning for these other people as well, enough so that they sometimes spend good money to support its efforts. This can be both welcome and satisfying to an artist: Art DOES matter to people.
We are so lucky because The Pavilion Cinema in Galashiels is doing a season of National Theatre Live and last night was William Shakespeare's Comedy of Errors, directed by Dominic Cooke and with Lenny Henry. Sadly Lenny Henry totally overacted, which was unnecessary, but even that couldn't spoil what was undoubtedly a wonderful production. The setting and the costumes were fantastic, as were all the other actors.
Art by Caspar David Friedrich
7. Have little hands make a label for you.
To my Blog Followers:
Folkets Park
“What? Didn’t she come over to give you an invite?”
We went to visit you yesterday and saw that Grandma and Grandpa had been out too. Grandpa said that he had to give you a fresh pinwheel for Christmas.
associated with Elektra, and founder of Hannibal, the pioneering
THE NEIGHBOUR
For our Ike story it is thankfully uneventful and lacking in excitement, just like I want it to be. We left on Thursday when they announced our zip code was part of the mandatory evacuation. We packed up Joy, clothing for everyone toys for a couple of days, the scrapbooks and the computers and headed to my Mom's house in Houston. The news was saying if you are in a mandatory evacuation zone to go further away, but we felt paying for somewhere to stay further away was not something we wanted to do, nor were we interested in leaving for long (at least until we knew more about the storm and/or our home). So we spent Thursday night and all day Friday waiting for the storm to come. Joy wanted to go home and asked a few times during the day Friday, but we just told her a big storm was coming and it was safer at GrandLady's. On Friday night before the storm was really here we lost power around 9:30pm and went to bed early. The actual storm hit at night, so Joy never had any fear through it, she slept like a baby! I slept most of the night, but woke up a few times to noises and howling winds. I believe the same is true of Rob. We woke up Saturday and spent all day Saturday at my Mom's with one short trip out to see my grandmother and her home. Everyone was well, and my sister and her home were also safe. Sunday we deicded to go ahead and try going home since we were anxious to hear/see anything about our home. Rob left first and then gave an all clear and Joy and I followed. At home we found 5 shingles or less off the roof, all 6 trees standing with many missing branches, but standing and our backyard fences down on 2.5 sides. Clean up began and we spent the next 2 days outside cleaning up the debris, playing with Joy and chatting with the neighbors. We got our power back on Tuesday, and have been trying to regain normalicy since then.
According to replies provided in Parliament last year, Sabah’s population was 651,304 in 1970 and grew to 929,299 a decade later. But in the two decades following 1980, the state’s population rose by a staggering 1.5 million people, reaching 2,468,246 by 2000.
– Shouldn’t that be “Whom is it what found himself got?”
This is a last chance shout out to you guys to give me any questions you'd like to ask anyone at the conference.
All around me they are
In solitude also wounded with love.
A correspondent tells me that my posts are unbalanced. Too much yin and not enough yang – or maybe it’s the other way around. Anyway, he has a point. I shouldn’t publish post after post about great humans without exploring the dark side of the naked ape. Otherwise my human readers might get complacent, which would do them no favours.
lightly from time to time.
So, where DO kids in a small conservative (I used to live nearby so I feel pretty comfortable saying this) community in Northwest Iowa learn it’s okay, maybe even necessary, to punish someone for being gay? Who might be influencing them and the adults in their lives who teach them this is somehow okay? Who is or recently has been all over radio, TV, the Internet, telling them some combination of: gays are bad, a threat, undeserving of equal rights, going to hell, and/or destroying America?
"Ok.
Though resolution to asbestos action is a top antecedence for the Republican Party, abundant action in Congress and in courtrooms leaves the affairs of a bill casual this year 50/50, depending on any new developments. The alone abiding affair so far is that the agitation is accepted to abide intensifying.
8. my girlfriend's boyfriend- her space holiday
What I find most troubling is the growing superficiality of my generation’s interest in global issues. There’s this pervasive belief that technology (and by extension, capitalism) can solve the world’s problems (just watch a TED talk). Kony 2012 is a great example of this digital era activism (the so-called slacktivism). Some have defended the popularity of the Kony campaign, arguing that something that creates interest in an international issue, however superficial that interest may be, cannot be bad. Yet, the Kony campaign makes no effort to help its supporters understand the circumstances that allow a man like Kony to exist. Regular people – Ugandans, Congolese, Rwandans – may as well not exist. The real problems – colonialism, resource exploitation, rampant corruption – are not worth discussing. The entire conflict is boiled down to a single, solitary symbol of a man (who may or may not already be dead), whose capture or death is meant to make us feel good about ourselves. There’s this need to believe that social media, the great diversion of our age, can actually be a force for good. We use global issues like Kony and climate change to distract ourselves from the guilt we feel.
The kids point at the screen and holler at Dora…then Swiper swoops in and steals something from Dora…easily.
The first newspaper numbers to reflect those changes were seen in 2011, and therefore, the March 2012 report marks the first time there are year-over-year numbers that reflect these changes. The changes include the introduction of “verified” circulation and branded editions, and new ways to audit and report digital editions published on websites, tablets, or smartphones.
Hmm, so “Uryuu Ishida” is more powerful than the captain that Ichigo is fighting against? Does that mean that Ishida has been holding back? Or is it that Ishida doesn’t realize his own power? Hmm, more questions…and not enough answers for my satisfaction. Damn creator.
Thanks so much! Make it a good day!
There are many clumsy lines and poorly constructed scenes in Pericles.
A fantastic feast of French style!
Well, you may have read the I'm going to post or guessed where I was going in this post. Now, I’m back and ready to share with my lovely readers about my wonderful trip! First, I wanted to do a post about the waterpark resort that I stayed at. That’s right. I got to stay at a lovely resort that has a waterpark on site! How nice is that? Let me start by talking about the swanky rooms!
Around 500mls of Mushroom Sauce
Looking forward to a relaxing weekend. My last one at home for a while because next weekend we're opening up the beach house. Going to take full advantage of being at home.
But the moment he meets Vickie, we see a new DESIRE begin, and it’s quickly apparent that that new desire is going to conflict with his stated desire. He wants this woman, and Scorsese films Jake’s view of her so beautifully: she sits at the edge of a swimming pool, blonde and pale, with the sun and the water caressing her… the film goes into slightly slow motion as she moves her legs in the water. It’s a terrific depiction of the thunderbolt of love, and the beginning of obsession; time stops for the hero when he sees the loved one.
My wish for all of you would be that, if you ever find you must be hospitalized, you find just such a pleasant place for it.
Washington 3-Mar 43 16 7 0 8
And when they went away, leaving comfort behind, I think there were not in all the city four merrier people than the hungry little girls who gave away their breakfasts, and contented themselves with bread and milk on Christmas morning. And after all, the March sisters, though they have little wealth and riches, get just as much joy in their Christmas day celebrations - dressing up and acting out plays with whatever props they have at hand - as they could in going out for a "special occasion" such as theatre performances, concerts or parties. Their celebrations are constructed from joy, fun and love for life and each other.
This is a small group of family run restaurants, with other ventures across Yorkshire and the Midlands. The attention to detail and the close involvement of the owners in every venue means that this still has the passion of an independent but with the slick organisation of a chain. Worth checking out if you are in Ilkley or are looking for a destination for a day trip.
Sarah, her hubby and I went to dinner at one of my favorite places, texas roadhouse. Of course we had to get some delicious fried pickles and a frozen peach margarita. It's just a must. ;) I also got a loaded baked potato and an amazing sirloin steak.
When we see rape themes or violent scenes in our entertainment (so that by age 18, children will have seen 16,000 simulated murders and 200,000 acts of violence on TV – and that is from a study conducted in 1998), we are consenting that sexual violence is a normal part of life - a part of life to watch without reaction or disgust, a part of life that our kids learn about in the shows they watch or the video games they play.
Although it marks the first time Russian troops will train on U.S. soil, soldiers from a plethora of different nations have been involved in similar drills for well over a decade.
The exhibition will take the viewer to communities and cultures they would probably never visit. The work focuses on under-reported social and environmental issues including stories of child labourers in Nepal, the last nomadic tribe in Borneo and life after the war in Gaza.
Angus = Dino Man (not shocking!)
What could have been a dry retelling of the events leading up to the capture of America’s most wanted criminal comes alive through Weisman’s capable narrative using the details of the lives of those most closely involved in the final mission: the SEALs of Team 6, whose equipment could fill a twenty-foot dry weight container and who are trained to kill and then leave that behind them and return to wives and children; CIA Directors and assistants stationed in Pakistan; rangers, pilots, operatives, and most importantly, Charlie Becker.
Of these queries, she requests, on average, two partials (8%).
Of 30 employment agencies, all but five agreed to send only white workers for the job. It was all done with a nod and a wink of course, and often an acknowledgement that it wasn't allowed. But they still agreed to break the law. As one woman charmingly put it, she would just send "normal people", i.e., white people.
Praise to the holy and undivided Trinity, one God: *
Good at holding a grudge. Forever. Yes, housemate from eight years ago who used to steal my Nutella, that means you.
* Please note the maps on the website for maastricht, and print in advance. It lists the location and also that of restrooms.
There is as yet no “one size fits all” signal in the neurocircuitry that a person is lying, but it does appear that brain scans are better at revealing “tells” than is watching someone fidget and sweat under questioning. Identifying the right combination of brain signals for a high rate of accuracy when a person lies or hides the truth is still in the future, but possibly not far away.
to the slim trees grown tall,
With Diablo 3, Blizzard is implementing the new BattleTag System. Think of the BatteTag as an alternative RealID. You give your BattleTag to someone you want to be able to contact across all Battle.Net games, including WoW and SC2 sometime in the future. Here is a link to a BattleTag FAQ.
That's the norm.
2 c. powdered sugar
The youth’s response to this volatile security situation has been especially refreshing. On Saturday, Dawn’s Nosheen Abbas wrote, “The youth of Islamabad is not sitting idle in the face of growing religious extremism and Talibanization in some areas of Pakistan. Even if individually some are trying to combat ‘Talibanisation’ in a manner they deem fit; and some are even finding creative avenues.” Abbas Saleem Khan, who organized a protest in Islamabad against the Taliban, told her, “By not joining in, you are literally giving the Taliban a free pass to allow them to walk into your streets and homes and tell you how to conduct your daily affairs. The heart of the matter is that we will stand up against the Taliban and steer this country towards the vision it was created for.” Nosheen Abbas also cited Amna Mawaz, a university student, who plans to raise awareness through theater, noting, “I figured after attending protests and seminars that no one will listen to you if you give a lecture but rather through something entertaining like theater. I think if you keep it light and yet have a meaning one can spread awareness about extremism.” On social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter, young Pakistanis have established groups, organized rallies, and mobilized others to speak out against extremism.
And it's not only Indie-Authors. Recently, on Goodreads, I was puzzled to see a review of the latest novel by a best-selling novelist from a very respected publishers’ list. The novel was accused of containing typos, exhibiting a lack of continuity, paragraphing and other editorial errors. ‘I’m an editor’ the review reads, ‘so I notice these things.’ So, I think, has X publishing house suddenly started economising on editors for its most valued authors? Curious, I read the book and (though I do a bit of editing myself and proof-read the occasional thesis) I couldn’t find a single error.
distilled
As reluctant as I’ve been to name LeBron James the MVP, it wasn’t a matter of “hate.” I just had to see the season unfold, and it’s not like Chris Bosh has been a big factor for Miami. Not to discredit his effort because he is an all-star, but it’s tough to get the Toronto version of him when his touches are limited. James is not “King James” to me, and he’s not the “Chosen One.” I feel he has to win multiple championships to back his words up. He chose to tattoo and embrace strong nicknames, now the South Beach experiment has to win a title before the dominoes can fall to 6 and 7 rings.
I couldn't believe it! Carol Adams and Shirley Wilkes-Johnson, two amazing, trail-blazing Vegan heroes, were talking ABOUT ME??? I mean, I just don't have the self-esteem for these kinds of things. But it was true and it brought tears to my eyes and joy to my heart.
“I’m given to believe you’ve a reputation for a specialization in hunting Force users,” Wro’bel said.
Cameron is doing well in his job. He much rather be deployed doing 'manly' stuff but, I'm glad he hasn't left me to be a hero just yet. I need him home, he keeps me busy... especially since we don't have kids. Which reminds me of American vs. German hospitals...
I normally don’t use “legit” because of its overuse and its lack of grammar, but my momentary slip – and the resulting embarrassment of getting criticized by a random stranger in front of my parents – made me hyper-sensitive to it. Now when I hear it spoken around me I internally cringe. If I ever say it myself I feel like I’ve broken some unspoken code of grammatical honor. I’m not a grammar Nazi, but the overuse and misuse of “legit” has caused me to lose a little faith in the linguistic capabilities of my generation.
“You do not simply burn a living tree! Do you know nothing of setting up the fires for camp? Without magic? A living tree contains far too much moisture. You must be finding already dead limbs from a tree.”
That's when I started looking to Kate in admiration. Sure, she flipped out on Jon... A LOT! But, seriously, how many moms reading this have never gone off on their husband and looked back later and thought, "Ewww, I didn't like what that felt like!" Well, guess what, if you are on a reality show... you get to add one more dimension to that, you get to say, "Ewww, I didn't like what that LOOKED like!"
2. It is caused by two separate mutations: one that arose on the north shore of the St. Lawrence (Charlevoix and Saguenay-Lac Saint-Jean) and another that arose on the south shore (Bas Saint-Laurent) (Zlotogora, 1994).
I have been pinning some recipes that I would really like to try one day soon. Believe it or not, I have never made a recipe from Pinterest! There are SO many good ones on there...so that's about to change!
13) Seven states sue government over contraceptives mandate “This lawsuit is about protecting religious liberty and the rights of conscience, our most basic freedoms as Americans.”
Sadly, the mitsubishi evo forum a link and that was once used by cowboy builders in Australian soap operas is now an essential lifestyle accessory for young trendies with people and bulky items to move around. Open the mitsubishi evo forum aboard and youll be surprised at the 2005 mitsubishi evo, the tuned mitsubishi evo above its weight. I'll be more than capable of handling the Ralliart's 237bhp power output. The steering helps too, which gives you as much feedback as a long-term vehicle resulted in one sense, Mitsubishis Colt is a fun car to drive new cars abroad. It has also been eased off a little electronics tweaking, this CZT could be a seriously potent car. The interior detailing reads like a bodybuilder's handshake due to the mitsubishi evo forum when such cars were fun with a pointy stick is certainly not advisable. The common-or-garden Mitsubishi Lancer so far below the mitsubishi evo forum of its bigger brother, a 136mph maximum velocity and 7.1s 0-60mph performance puts it in automatic mode. The 2.0-litre diesel will return combined economy figures in the mitsubishi evo forum and attitude found on the mitsubishi evo 340 an engine that most customers will choose is a cinch, even on the mitsubishi evo forum a trump card.
When its discovered that Alice (Blair) has a vagina that serves as the gateway to a vast, frozen wasteland, the doctor who makes the discovery (Koteas) takes her on the lecture and talk show circuits, using her as his own ticket to fame and fortune. But an encounter with a caring young man (Mann) may finally alleviate the painful, cold aching inside her.
PS – We would be delighted if you’d stay in touch. Leave a comment, or if you want an email when there’s a new post, click “Sign me up” on the righthand side of the screen.
Its amazing that these dudes started out in 1980, and released a slew of eps, tapes and even another LP. I'd love to get my hands on that first ep. The band was from Louisiana New Orleans and on this tasty slab of wax, they play some cool crossover that keeps my head bobbing, and my legs twitching. I love these 80's records where the production has so much re verb on the drums and vox that it sounds like the band was playing in a cavern. Engineers were seriously clueless when recording bands like this, because it was sorta new, and they just didn't have much to reference it to.
E and I headed to Mezze on recommendations from the online foodie world, as well as on a discount from BlackboardEats. (Have you heard of BBE? It enables so many of my foodie adventures.)
This might be a bit premature, but will we be expecting a third book in the series?
you reap precisely what you sow.
Marty: "Lorraine, what are you doing?! You shouldn't drink or smoke!"
And wherever you go, There you are
This is where it gets tricky, and I have no photos of this part, sorry in advance. You get an old cotton t-shirt, dip it in the stain and move in circular movements. It will go on dark really quickly. You might just have a mini heart attack thinking that you just ruined your beautiful stenciled wall you spent all that time on. Just keep working it in but work quickly. If you have too much stain and it starts to get too dark, get some lacquer thinner just a teeny tiny amount and rub it in. You may want to put on gloves and a safety mask for this part and open all your windows. Between the oil based stain and the lacquer thinner it stinks!
Two petrol and three diesel engines complete the range at launch. The most frugal engine will be the 113bhp 1.6-litre diesel D2 mated to a six-speed manual gearbox. It emits just 94g/km CO2 – qualifying it for zero road tax – while returning 78.5mpg, according to Volvo. The optional £1485 six-speed automatic gearbox is only available on diesel models.
The devastation immediately took effect. All the items that we spent so much time on, were thrown down in an instant, with no relief from mother nature.
I won't wish you Happy New Year not just yet, I'll be back on Friday!
Miss Pettigrew features several lovely moments that resonate, like when Michael and Delysia perform “If I Didn’t Care” (which was an international hit for The Ink Spots at the time) together and the story stops for a moment as we are treated to a shared moment between two characters who convey their love for each other through song. There are some moving reaction shots of the principal characters reflecting on the lyrics that are being sung and how the tune reminds them of their feelings for a special someone. They feel it and so do we.
Over the next year that local bank will have to collect as much as it can from that $90,000 in loans and $9,000 in interest. When that $99,000 is paid back, the total money supply is cut by $90,000 and the bank adds $9,000 to its profits for having created money out of nothing. Thus we can see that fractional reserve banking is designed to transfer money from the 99.9% to the 0.1%. And the 99.9% would be far better off if the Treasury just issued a non-interest bearing currency.
I had dyed brown hair and my ears pierced that I totally broke the school rules lol
for about 3 seconds, i contemplated saying no!
1996 was a transitional year for hip-hop, wavering between the high of the Fugees’ The Score and Outkast’s ATLiens and the low of Lil’ Kim’s Hard Core. In Josh Davis’s eyes, though, hip-hop had been perverted by an all-consuming quest to get paid and a deification of the MC to the detriment of the DJ. In short, ‘96 just plain sucked. Thus he took it upon himself to reeducate the masses, to summon the spirits of Bambaataa and Steinski and continue the lessons they had begun over a decade before. From his perch above Dan the Automator’s bedroom, he cobbled together the God moments he’d found hidden in the labyrinthine stacks beneath Records in his hometown of Davis, CA, and gave birth to a doctrine of vinyl so transcendent in its goal to unite all factions of the listening public that genre classifications were not only redundant but inapplicable.
Many of you may be familiar with the “TED” concept and spirit. But for those of you who aren’t, do not be alarmed.
- The Millefeuiles Team
Just writing this is making me spin faster in this hurricane, and I can see all my faults. I want to run away, I want to escape all ties, all debts.
Honour - VNV Nation
Who knew Love could be so agonizing?
Robyn (not Yobin) is nice enough, but I can sympathize with Ted linking her to Robin in his mind, at least in her case. But it soon seems he’s determined to find increasingly obscure ways to make himself feel bad. At the same time, Lily’s getting very annoyed by Marshall’s behavior. He, in turn, is annoyed by how calm she is, but she points out they have five whole weeks (this is our first hint.)
The only thing worse than dealing with those thorny, difficult, sometimes personal, emotional, complicated issues that require difficult decisions is…not dealing with those thorny, difficult, sometimes personal, emotional, complicated issues and leaving them to feaster with no decision.
No, really I am.
Step 4: Apply loose powder all over the face with a powder blush.
She's hit the terrible twos early - everything is "Neo!" *her 'no'* and crying temper tantrums when she doesn't get exactly her own way. My Mama calls it karma. Thanks Mom. I know she's asserting her independence and that I just have to be patient, let her make as many choices as possible to give her some control, and then just show even more patience...blah, blah, blah. *I'm not a patient person by nature* Honestly though, I really think she's embarked on some kind of psychological warfare with me.
The white card was cuttlebugged with Swiss Dots. I added a small pen sitting on top of the notebook. The topper is made with a Nellie Snellen oval die (love Nellie Snellen dies) and the sentiment stamp is from Stampin Up.
The second pic of the blue dress didn’t really do the outfit justice. The silhouette of the dress is beautiful and the color is eye-catching. This one I’m considering wearing to a wedding.
The next pick was 39th overall Janoris Jenkins. Character issues are what dropped this talent out of the first round. As long as he doesn’t end up like Adam ‘Pacman’ Jones this pick is great! Without the character concerns Jenkins is probably a top 15 talent and being argued over who is a better corner back with Morris Claiborne. The Rams knew what they were doing when they traded away the chance at Claiborne. After they traded the 45th pick to the Bears they took Isiah Pead from Cincinnati. A running back that is only a part time back. The Rams need running back depth so this was an acceptable pick but not a home-run pick for being in the second round. Third round pick I’m happy with. The Rams drafted Trumaine Johnson, a corner back out of Montana. If things don’t work out with Jenkins and the Rams have another season full of injuries with their defensive backs they should be able to trust the talent of Trumaine Johnson. He is a second round talent and adds depth to the team. I trust that new coach Jeff Fisher can develop the talent he has picked in the first three rounds. The Rams finally have a coach that has been around the league and has been successful. He has gotten teams to win more games than other teams and he’s done it with less talent. See Vince Young.
Replace the number in the “Value data” box with the highest number you saw in step #6. Click OK.
This Burns My Heart raises a lot of interesting questions. What would our lives be like if we had chosen differently? Am I living the life I am meant to live? Am I being honest with myself about what I want in life? Can we allow ourselves to be truly happy? Is is necessary to sacrifice our happiness for our children? Should we be confined within the constraints of society or step out of those constraints? This Burns My Heart made me take a long look at my life and try to answer some of these questions. I've found I do think about the choices I made 20 years ago and wonder What if? I wonder where my life's journey would have taken me and if I would have made completely different choices. Do you ever wonder?
- Irish Chang, The Rape of Nanking (New York: Penguin, 1998). Bergamini, Japan’s Imperial Conspiracy, passim.
Revelation 22: 18 “I (Jesus speaking) testify to everyone who hears the words of the prophecy of this book. If anyone adds to them, God shall add to him the plagues which are written in this book; and if anyone takes away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part from the tree of life and from the holy city, which are written in this book.
A few weeks ago we picked the last of our jalapeños. You might remember our last Garden Status Report where I just chopped down all the jalapeño plants and Melanie stripped off the peppers. Well, we ended up with two bushels and had no idea what to do with them. We thought about stuffing them with ricotta, herbs, and bacon to freeze and save for winter. But we didn't do that. In fact, we did a lot this year, most likely a little too much, so I decided to keep it simple.
This week wasn't so stellar. I had a cold (finally getting over that, I hope) and one of the cats had to suddenly go to the vet (she seems to be getting better too), so I only got to the studio one day this week - today.
The suspect remains in custody in the county jail, awaiting transfer to a federal facility.
Freshly chopped cilantro, green onions
Anyway, Lolita remains my most popular post (with probably 1% being readers interested in the book). My top five rating book reviews are:
Let’s assume for a second, that the blogger received inaccurate information from a source, and that his post did contain inaccuracies. A simple email, NOT FROM AN ATTORNEY, or let’s say a phone call, suggesting the post was inaccurate would have been a more Christian approach to the problem. Interestingly, this is precisely the problem Mark Driscoll ran into when his attorney’s sent a C&D letter to another church over a Trademark; yes, one church threatened litigation toward another church over a logo. Those parties ended up working out the dispute without litigation in face to face or phone call conversations without resort to the use of attorneys. Mars Hill ended up apologizing for the manner it handled the dispute, and LU would be well advised to do the same now.
Young Adult,
Mr.Mixologist
Of course, there is always a certain amount of personal preference that comes into the equation. Some people like outgoing, brave heroines and some people like ordinary-girl types. I’ve written both and find they each have their merits, though, as of late, I prefer writing the ordinary-girl type. There are risks taken within the “good girl” zone too. I love to work with characters that have deep weaknesses and throughout the story overcome them, but sometimes stronger-willed or outgoing people just won’t connect. Sometimes I feel like saying, “Can you at least try to understand people who are different from you?!” ;)
I find all of this sad and shocking.
Or, more accurately, the ESDC mentioned the issue and defended its position without actually responding to the criticism.
Thank my lucky stars the program includes a section on mind set and self talk to stop the rot.
In my family, if it was one thing that brought the entirety of us together, it was the car. I can remember back when I was four or five, when illegal things like letting your kid sit on your lap and man the steering wheel were less frowned upon and harshly penalized, my dad would let me control the command center that was our Isuzu all the way home from the beach, and along the rocky canyon cliffs he would drift ever closer to the edge steadily increasing his volume as he droned on going “ooooohhhh deeeaaarrrr..” I remember these memories with much more fondness than my driving test and my first and every practice run before it because of what each memory represents to me now. When I was young, controlling a part of the car while my father took care of the rest was as if he was making me a sidekick, giving me a role in his life but assuring me that if something went wrong, he would be there.
THIS IS BUSINESS, IF YOUR ARE NOT INTERESTING FORGET IT BUT IF YOUR SERIOUS SEND THE INFORMATION LET SECURE THE APPROVAL SO THAT BEFORE CLOSING OF WORK TODAY THE FUND WILL BE TRANSFER INTO YOUR ACCOUNT. MAKE A CHOICE
Log Jamming:
As usual, she hits the nail on the head.
03. In the hearts of men 4:14
There's something so magical and otherworldly about the full moon, something directing our thoughts to the mystical. You can feel it's energy. With this in mind, I began painting a series of Full Moon Goddesses in January. The idea was to choose a Goddess appropriate to the symbolism of each full moon. Some are Greek, some Celtic, and some may be Roman or Norse.
Catalog: Manifest will produce a full-color catalog documenting the work in Rites of Passage. Exhibitors will receive one free copy of the catalog. For examples of past catalogs visit the Manifest Press library.
Tale by Felipe Cano
When I asked the man about his medical history, he revealed that he’d been suffering seizures for a long time and that the doctors hadn’t diagnosed anything yet. He also told me they’d taken all his meds away from him on his last stay at hospital. This made me think. Although he did attempt a few tremorous warnings that he may fit again, it never looked likely to me. He always looked well enough in control of himself and Faye told me that when I looked away, he stopped shaking.
“Sssh, JP,” she soothed, “In the face of an obstacle which is impossible to overcome, stubbornness is stupid.”
Gibbs saying he did everything in plane sight!
1/31 at Cleveland, W 93-90 (L -4), Over
The apostle Paul saw some great ministry possibilities in his life situations. He used the open doors God provided to witness for Christ. When he was arrested in Jerusalem and appeared before Governor Felix, he used the opportunity to proclaim the gospel (Acts 24:24). While he and Silas were in prison, they shared the gospel with the Philippian jailer (Acts 16:25-34). And later Paul used his imprisonment in Rome as an opportunity to encourage the Philippian believers in their faith (Phil. 1:12-18).
For a handful of week-old papers
Shaman initiates often wore masks during their vision quests, believing that the masks would identify them with the spirits and activate their power. Death masks were believed to facilitate communication between the living and the dead in funerary rites. Some Death masks took the form of animal or bird spirits, allowing the wearer to assume the role of the invoked spirits or to fend off evil. Many Native American tribes believed that birds were a link or messenger between the natural and the supernatural world. It is not unusual to find bird feathers surrounding the masks.
Hi Friends, I am back to share a layout that I did for the GS107 sketch class (Week 7 sketch) hosted by Valerie Simon. She is so talented and I just love her sketches. I have done a few sketches, but had not taken photo and uploaded them. So doing that now.
So here is a little update. We are redoing our daughter's nursery into a little girl room! I can't wait to show the finished room, but for now I will tell you what NOT to do with a nail gun..........staple your finger to the wall!
PS...NOT to worry - i just found eight more books to add to my 'want to read' list. How awesome is that????
Writing, you might think, is a pretty safe occupation. After all, you are at your desk most of the day and so more unlikely than most to a) catch infectious diseases from others b) walk under a bus or get knocked down by a car c) sprain your ankle on an uneven pavement etc, and it's always seemed pretty damn silly to me that I'm charged a huge whack on car insurance because technically I'm in 'the entertainment business', as if most of the time I'm driving round in fast cars after showbiz parties rather than cooped up in my room for a greater proportion of the day than most normal human beings.
The next item was supposed to be a green reprieve from Saltyfriedville - Brussels sprouts salad - but it failed to play the palette cleansing role we needed. The salad was yet another big bowl, this one full of shaved/shredded Brussels sprouts leaves, Manchego, celery, cranberries, walnuts and arugula, supposedly covered in a lemon vinaigrette though we failed to notice it much. After eating the few bites of the salad I had, I'm convinced Brussels sprouts shouldn't ever be the sole green used in a leafy salad. A mouthful of the stuff was unpleasantly textured, almost like a mixture of softened fingernails, raw kale and hair (this coming from a guy who LOVES Brussels sprouts done well). Okay, maybe that's a little over-the-top. But with each bite the salad seemed less and less edible. I think we each stopped after about three and plopped a napkin on top of the bowl to signal we were done with it. Yes, more vinaigrette may have been in order but wouldn't have cleansed the textural sins in that bowl. Bummer.
And if “getting rid of the wrong kind of people” or experimenting on hapless victims and killing them sounds unpleasantly familiar, so should the company developing the swine flu – Baxter/Bayer. It was part of IG Farben, the giant German pharmaceutical and chemical company that funded Hitler’s attack on the world, provided the gas for the gas chambers at Auschwitz, and killed prisoners there with untested and unknown vaccines.
One trend that is popping up all over fashion magazines and blogs this season is sequins. WhoWhatWear reported that sequins are a shiny addition to any winter wardrobe. Maybe flashy isn’t your style. However, a sequin LBD is an easy transition into the trend. Plus, everything is a little more flashy this time of year, you should be to. Add a pair of black tights and heels, and you’ve got a great look.
And, as it turned out, there truly have been waves of new experiences, just not in the way I had imagined.
People get ready
Certainly that challenges or conflicts may be found as you go along. There is often problems based on the fitting, activating, updating and also upgrading software program. Often every faulty supplement settings might raise problems based on the handiness of Online, data, files and various network options. Any undiscovered issues might welcome germs and malware on the system. Thinking restaurants to go? Perfectly, AVG Support is a right site, where your user may get instant plus effective computer support by e-mail and also remote-screen spreading. Most of your times the problems can often be handled by way of users by following your knowledgebase methods offered to the portal.
I tried this variation as well (with a shiny silver, instead of black), and the edges were a little messy. Luckily, I had a silver paint pen in my art bucket, and so I outlined the bird to give it a sharper line.
When I came home what I expected to see was dinner made and the groceries all put away. I thought I’d see the bags of bagels in the bread box or at the very least on the counter looking something like this:
Thing number 1.
We're so happy you could join us for this super-fun hop showcasing cards, layouts and projects for Back To School!! You'll find an array of ideas throughout the hop -- From teacher gifts to lunchbox notes, we hope you'll enjoy each and every project along the way!!
And some days, I get nothing! The clock in my office ticks away reminding me that I have a self-imposed deadline with blog reading, writing and e-mails - it seems to tick louder when I get close to that time limit! The second cup of coffee seems to evaporate as I sit and spin!
Interrogatory No. 1
5th: D Ba: 16 Goals weighted score: 1.31
She is such a sweet thing. But has a huge personality, she is loud, but in a good way and adores her brother. She is moving around the place with speed, into everything and has a keen eye for lego ;)
Wednesday: Pick up my closet/guest room
~4 tbsp prepared lemon curd (optional)
There is way too much going on in my head lately. I feel like a jekyll/hyde creature, happy one minute and raging the next, peaceful and quiet and then suddenly crying in the kitchen floor.
Pastor
The new iPad will have an A5X chip, which is a quad-core processor. It delivers four times the performance of the iPad 2.
Fantasy Faire April 21-29th…NOT just for Fairies
Morag xx
I worked 5 days last week, maybe it's work's fault?
What’s that? You’re not especially enamoured?
Here comes the next royal bride, Zara and her fiance Phillip. I'm torn over her ensemble for the day. Her overcoat makes her looks as if she's prepared to defend off heat seeking missiles, or hop the next shuttle to the moon. I do like the hat...from the profile, but not straight on. Straight on you get the sense that the hat's eaten all of her hair and about to consume her face!
I found all of the dishes through the Crate & Barrel outlet, after searching through many different non-plastic options. For those interested, here are the links for the glasses, plates and bowls.
Eng Trans :
Now back to the woman our girls should be watching instead of Lady Gaga and the Kardoucheans.
Secretary: Aye.
has not been without its distractions. The search is still on for Paul Van Rensburg. Updates are being posted here and please click on the Donate button below if you can help. Every little bit is greatly appreciated.
Happy weekend to you.
Yesterday the refrain in my house was “does that behavior ever get you what you want?” and after at least the fifth time it hit me. Just as I continue to say the same phrase to my children and as they continue to repeat the same behavior…the Lord does the same to me. I continue to lack trust in Him, lack faith in Him, question the path He has me on. He continues to provide.
I just had my first kiss! I wanted to call everyone. I was deliriously happy that my first kiss was Jordan. I started to daydream about a potential relationship. Jordan would call me, and instead of avoiding his calls, I actually talked to him. A week after our first kiss, Jordan invited me over to his house to “watch a movie”.
To a small extent this is understandable, as both are public companies with hard stock market taskmasters for whom they have to perform, which in this climate can mean being risk averse (especially given the stock hangovers induced by the collapse of sales at the onset of the recession). With lean approaches to supply being in vogue and cost control critical, the system can sometimes take over the retail basics. This can backfire in that to get consumers to spend the stores need to be interesting and effective, not “merely” efficient.
Wish I had been nicer in high school. I think I was mostly okay, but could have been better.
How hormonal you become and so easily annoyed. Over. Everything. Including when your husband forgets to turn off the porch lights and lets them on all night long or forgets to put out the four garbage cans for the garbage man to pick up.
Higher? Maybe.
I don't hate your mother, I just won't be sad when she dies.
“If you stay, I will show you a world where you might feel more at home.”
Women's Barracks is an engaging pulp that mixes World War II events, mostly-female characters who read like real people - they were, though they were renamed - and those characters' romantic/idealistic pursuits.
I stitch the print together if the piece will be bigger than 8.5 inches by 11 inches-layer it with batting and free motion quilt around the photo. I then go back and thread paint(do heavy stitching inside the petals of the flower for example) with matching thread to create texture and bring life to the printed fabric photo. Sometimes I use fabric markers to highlight or change colors of the photo. When the quilting and color adjustment is finished; I add the backing and quilt around the photo again. If I am not adding binding, I use a pillowcase finish by stitching around the piece and cut a slit where the hanging sleeve will be sewn and turn the piece.
The Byrds' unique sound carries me, pleasantly, away.
I hate that Kiel is always overshadowed by his brother's problems. I just want him to have some normal childhood memories.
Winner, César Awards 2001 – Best Film
Sometimes, when my kids are getting on my very last nerve, I think about this woman. Because I often say to myself and others, “If this mothering thing were any harder, I couldn’t do it.” I mean it, too, when I say it.
Once you have signed the contract, you won't be able to change the terms unless some significant event changes things rather dramatically. So if you sign a contract saying you will deliver your book by 31 December, you have to do that. Running out of time is not a good reason for delivering late. Losing the book because you didn't back it up and your computer breaks is just professional negligence, so don't do that either. If your family is wiped out in a fire, that is a good reason but you need to tell the publisher long before the deadline. (If the tragedy happens a couple of days before the deadline, you will have written the book already, so it won't be a problem.)
Thankfully He is gracious and allows me chance after chance to remember his word, apply it to my life, and BOW! Its true..He word is true!!!
* He says sauerkraut was renamed "liberty cabbage" in World War II. Close -- that happened in WWI.
When you live passionately,you feel like you are filled up with love.I now live over a thousand miles from where I started my journey. I want to see you have and do everything that could make you happy,nothing is guarantee or not.I have learnt to live with the past sad experiences.They are the ones that made me a stronger person and I thank God for it.I have reminded myself that life is too short to let negatives hold me back.Even tho, sometimes it gains a tighter grip on me than i want it to.
You know what time it is?
Cebuanos want to maintain the dignity of Sinulog by discouraging politicians to do political tricks (read as campaign) during the festival.
I am so very excited and honored to be guest posting here at KT's Refinishing School! This is my first-ever guest post, so I'm not exactly sure how well it will turn out.
not end until mid JULY 2013. And by ATOS’ torturous standards, a new one will begin within weeks of that.
Hello to all! Thank you for all your comments, and I hope that you are inspired!! Its been a very busy week for me so far, i'm really 'stuck' at times not knowing what to do. So sometimes, just by "gesso-ing" a page in my art journal kinda release my stress a bit. Haa...haa...do you feel the same way too?
Session 2, ON-campus (tuition, room & board): $2595
I would like to confess and would like to correct my mistakes, compensating the efforts that I wasted in this time.
I cheered when I saw my Apple (AAPL) stock jump nine percent on April 25 after another great quarter, earning, perhaps, a better return in one night than I will from a year’s worth of effort to sell books. It made me wonder why so many writers chase book sales to earn a living when so few are successful, as the Wall Street Journal pointed out in an article about the self-publishing industry. While writing is an admirable calling, the economics of the publishing industry suggest that most writers need alternate sources of income to support themselves financially, at least at the outset of their careers.
Kind words
I'll be posting my interview with Jeanne Beker on Fashion is my Muse! Stay tuned.
person: Hey heidi - what're you doing?
I’ll want some time with this album and a pair of headphones, that’s for sure.
And from everything I’ve heard
From now on, I'll keep my fingers crossed, heart off my sleeve, and hope in my pocket. Maybe someday my dreams will come true.
The daft thing is, you don’t need a food mixer at all to do the Chocolate Guinness Cake recipe. You melt the butter in a large saucepan with the Guinness and then add all the remaining ingredients to the pan – it’s so easy.
Two and a half years ago I went on and on about this layering idea. I still think the first layer isn't something we want to skimp on. For the look we want, it's still really important. The part that hasn't really worked out so much, though, is the plan to complete the first layer everywhere before moving on to the second and third. Shoot - we're three years into this as of this weekend and I haven't posted a single thing about the second layer.
^^ It’s true. You make mistakes, people you love will make mistakes… people will hurt you, I promise you. But it’s life. Dust yourself off, take the message out of the situation and lay the remainder to rest! Don’t beat yourself up or anyone else up over something that’s happened, it doesn’t change anything and as this picture states out, you end up completely overlooking what you were initially supposed to learn from it!
U-S-A! U-S-A! U-S-A!
I'm lucky there isn't paid work in there as well. Actually if I was employed then something would have to go - probably the allotment. We just couldn't do all this if I wasn't at home full time. I love what I do. Sitting down of an evening and reviewing what I've achieved during the day is what drives me. I couldn't just chase paper all day - what would there be to show for it? When we've eaten things we've grown or I'm wearing something I've sewn then I can see why I live like this. I love it really. :-)
He is so good to us.
It's a little creepy (my husband shakes his head every time he looks at it and says how wrong it is) but I love the unexpected for Halloween! (Besides I think he secretly likes it.)
The garden has been created around 'rooms' of colour with hornbeam hedges, a potager, a topiary garden, a croquet lawn and a rose garden, as well as the parkland and walnut garden. Central to the planting scheme, this rather wonderful wild boar presides, keeping an eye on the perfectly trimmed alleys and lawn.
But, on the whole, the more prominent of these got short shrift. Mandela, in an interview with the Cape-based journal, South, just before his release from prison, made that adequately clear: "Co-operation between the ANC and SACP goes back to the early 1920s . . . even within the ranks of the ANC there have been at one time or other, people - and some of them were highly respected and influential individuals - who were against this cooperation and who wanted SACP members expelled from the organisation.
Enlarged him and made a friend of him,
For today I give you a scene from a short film from Japan.
Constable Dionicio “Don” Ysassi had enough.
Finally, just as drinking a German beer can invoke a nostalgic experience, the same can be said about quaffing a rich American pale ale using all US grown ingredients. It’s refreshing to look into that frosty mug, inhale the floral aroma, taste the citrusy freshness, and know that you’re helping put a US hop farmer’s kid through college.
I’ve been so swamped in work that I have been there approximately 10 hours per day. Partly because I’m training a colleague in cash office. To my disappointment she is not as quick as getting it as I was, and that makes me irritated. I have uncovered more of myself during these last four days I’ve been training her than I have ever done in my whole life. For one, I think I’m really smart, and expect other people to be as smart as I am. Then I get really irritated at them when it turns out that they are not, or at least, they are not smart the same way as me. And when I’m irritated I talk very fast, explaining what they need to do or should have done. But what really bothers me is having to repeat, four days in a row, the same instructions.
The protestors had taped up a small notice on the railings saying “Occupy Dame Street, ride on.” A guard noticed, came over and , with two grabs of his gloved hands, ripped it down. We closed in a called on him to stop, but it was pathetic, the unifrom could do what it wanted. How easily the Guard could have pretended not to notice the little white square of paper. One last gesture of contempt at the broken protest: a tiny taped-on page is ripped from two railings by a half-smiling, silent Guard. Pages taped to railings? Not on, kids.
The River
The High Holy Days are followed by the pilgrimage and harvest festival of Sukkot (Feast of Tabernacles), which commemorates the period in which the Israelites, according to tradition, dwelled in "tabernacles" or "booths" (Sukkot) while wandering in the wilderness after the Exodus. Because the holiday involves a ritual meal and the construction of a temporary and vulnerable shelter, it naturally lends itself to meditations on the theme of hunger and homelessness.
As promised in yesterday's Monster List of Picture Book Agents post, here is an extra agent listing. Why? Am I mad? Well, as I was gathering information on agents I actually had duelling posts and they were both so good that I couldn't wait to share them! So, today I am happy to feature Sara Sciuto.
If you find that you are having to explain the basics of respect and courtesy to a partner – if you are finding that he just DOESN’T SEEM TO GET IT, when you try to explain why his behavior or actions were disrespectful – run far and run fast. People who are capable of maintaining and contributing to a loving, supportive, healthy relationship, DON’T need to constantly have the concepts of respect, compassion, and consideration explained to them” ___Emotional Abusers by Nathalie P.
Diploid cells (WI-38, MRC-5) vaccines have their origin in induced abortions. Among these vaccines we fi nd the following: rubella, measles, mumps, rabies, polio, smallpox, hepatitis A, chickenpox, and herpes zoster. Nowadays, other abortion tainted vaccines cultivated on transformed cells (293, PER.C6) are in the pipeline: flu, Respiratory Syncytial and parainfluenza viruses, HIV, West Nile virus, Ebola, Marburg and Lassa, hepatitis B and C, foot and mouth disease, Japanese encephalitis, dengue, tuberculosis, anthrax, plague, tetanus and malaria. The same method is used for the production of monoclonal antibodies and other proteins, gene therapy and genomics. Technology enables us to develop the aforementioned products without resorting to induced abortion. Full disclosure of the cell origin in the labelling of vaccines and other products must be supported. There are vaccines from non-objectionable sources which should be made available to the public. When no alternative vaccines exist, ethical research must be promoted. Non-objectionable sources in the production of monoclonal antibodies, gene therapy and genomics must be encouraged. It is not be consistent to abstain from products originated in embryonic stem cells and at the same time approve of products obtained from induced abortions. It is of paramount importance to avoid that induced abortion technology seeps into every field of Medicine.
Over the last couple of weeks, I received a variety of emails from people who read my recent blog entries on Tantra. Some were delighted to have greater clarity on the subject, feeling inspired by the idea of the body as a vehicle for the divine and an opportunity to practice witnessing pitfalls along the path. Others felt confused and upset at the idea that Tantra is not a sexual free-for-all. This pushed the button of their attachment to their libido. Everything that pushes our buttons gives us an opportunity to see ourselves in a new way. Aspects of our shadows are being highlighted for us to see, showing us ways in which we are attached to unfulfilled desires that may be outdated or may need voicing.
I FINALLY recovered the cushions!
"So how do you think I would do if I was on Dance Moms," I asked, which is apropos because she has been taking dance for the past 7 years. For first several of them, I'd hang out with the estrogen set during lessons, mostly drinking coffee and reading the newspaper because they would never talk to me. Must have been my cooties.
Yesterday I presented the one card from the Topps Diamond Giveaway that I didn't much care about receiving - other than it being vintage. And, as it turned out, the card didn't look so hot upon arrival.
If anything, this tale is actually worse than the article, above, vividly portrays.
While the Municipal Art Society and others have suggested saving the historically valuable Ward Bakery on Pacific Street, the DEIS says it’s just not possible: “Demolition of the former LIRR Stables at 700 Atlantic Avenue and the former Ward Bread Bakery complex at 800 Pacific Street would be significant adverse impacts. The potential reuse of these properties as part of the proposed project has been studied, but it was concluded that there is no feasible or prudent alternative to demolishing them.”
protect
(vii) mineral resources
So it’s getting real. I’ve already been to check out some places to live, and it felt kinda real then. But now, it’s real. I’ll be moving, along with my wife, to somewhere I’ve never lived before in a region I’ve never lived before. Craziness.
L: Love~What the world needs now is love sweet love. It also stands for lakes—because I love being in and around the water. L also stands for Long Beach Island, NJ—my favorite beach and my favorite seafood restaurant are located here.
Norbeck JS, Anderson NJ. Life stress, social support, and anxiety in mid- and late-pregnancy among low income women. Res Nurs Health 1989; 12: 281-287.
The man sprung to action and mumbled something in a language that only people who consider bi-monthly baths a treat would understand. He then shoved out his scaly paw and smiled , touching my arm.
What’s it all about?
It’s hard to put a number on the trend, but Morrison and others say they’ve personally seen more women take an interest in beer.
They are interested in Mercury. They can create an ozone layer to keep the heat out; however, they are used to an atmosphere of about 400 degrees earth-wise.
As TP’s inventor Cassidy Phillips says, “What you tolerate, you accept.” Why accept pain and discomfort when you have total control to do something about it? Do you want quantity of life or quality of life? I actually want both! Yes, I want it all!! I would like to thank triathlete Chris Lieto for introducing me to Trigger Point Performance. It has changed my life and so many others. Let me help you feel your best with a TP Kit and a one-on-one instruction session. Find me on Facebook and Twitter at Fit Mind n Body. For more info about Trigger Point visit my services page at www.fitmindnbody.com
So, chillax with your people and you will observe the major difference between a too-serious-to-a-fault and gloomy working environment and one that promotes enjoyment.
Jack was saying he believed all those men were bad and this just couldn't be a real and good thing. Since I feel like it is a part of me, like it's built into me I guess it felt as if he were rejecting a part of me and it felt like an attack.
But this guy?
On the morning of the wedding the phone rang. A not too hung over Francis slurred down the phone to me that the vicar had agreed to my dumping the ‘obey’ word and the wedding was on. However, the sneeky little vicar still managed to include an address on a woman’s role in marriage during the ceremony. I just smiled and promised myself that the moment we were back from honeymoon I’d finally get round to reading ‘The Second Sex’ by Simone de Beauvoir. (Which by the way is a pathetic excuse for a feminist tract…check out Gerda Lerner’s stuff if you want an interesting historical perspective!)
So bravely let go
(off George Street, between Market and King Streets, Apple store-side)
I definitely liked Helen as a character, because she had strength and resilience. She wasn't too whiny or ditzy or unable to live without a guy. Also, I thought that Helen took things pretty well, considering that she has to find out that she's descended from the gods and there's a bunch of crazy demigod descendants out to kill her-- I'm not so sure I'd have been so cool with that!
1. They’re wins over Tennessee and Oregon are good, but South Florida’s are better.
I'm back with another card...
The pair were both highborn ‘arioi’ – followers of Oro, the Tahitian god of fertility and war – and had had a child named Teri‘irere. Purea had kept Teri‘irere, against Amo’s will and against arioi custom, which forbid them from having children among themselves; unless their babies were killed they lost their sacred status.
“No. You need stability. Loyalty. You need a take-charge, organized fashionista who makes her workday all about you.”
First, can we talk about this audience? They found like the 30 women willing to stop watching Twilight and dreaming of a vampire to come make love to them in their sweatpants and then two guys who are definitely in the friend zone and then they sit there gasping like they have never seen this damn exercise before. Courtney comes out, they shake their head shocked like this isn’t the Bachelor. It made me think there’s a slew of people at home that are shocked each time they fly in a helicopter. Like they are at home and everything on the show causes a double rainbow reaction. By the way, Chris Harrison was there when they filmed double rainbow, why do you think that guy was so messed up. Double roses, all the way.
there is a thick cloud
The problem of congestion of the M4 though and around Newport has been a real and pressing concern since the 1980’s. This vital transport link is particularly vulnerable to car crashes, which can cause gridlock as did the more recent the fire on a lorry in the tunnels. Since the early 1990’s consideration has been given to how to fix the problem, some junctions have been amended to deter local use, but this has not really helped.
Afternoon crafters
It has been a few months now since Hirano Aya (平野綾), most notably of Suzumiya Haruhi no Yuuutsu fame, announced on her Twitter account (sorry, Japanese only) that she is returning to voice acting, formally resuming her career after what has been a turbulent year for the controversial seiyuu. This following a major scandal involving members of her band (the sordid details of which I will not recount here), which played out with much sound and fury in various relevant industry media outlets and otaku communities on both sides of the Pacific. Many reacted with violent indignation, causing a huge movement where a considerable number of her fans turned “anti-” and all but excommunicated her from their good graces for having “forever sullied” the pure image of the beloved anime heroines she had voiced.
Shapeshifters are meeting in the Windy City and they meet to decide if they will return to their homeland or stay for the oncoming supernatural war. Ethan lends out Merit's services as a bodyguard to the shapeshifter's leader Gabriel-Keene. As the time to the Shapeshifter Convocation draws closer it becomes clear that someone has put a hit out on Gabriel. Merit continually finds herself in the line of fire. Not only that but she is trying to navigate treacherous politics between the shapeshifters and vamps while also doing one on one training sessions with Ethan to try to improve her lackluster sparring skills.
using the fresh catch the fishermen in the family would bring home from the wharf
Do you ever have so much going on in your life and heart that you don't have words for it? A blurb or a post just seems wrong.
So yep, without further ado, let's get started! Eulogy's Secret is a story of greed prejudice and a stolen identity. When I looked at the blurb, it just called out to me to read the book. And no, I haven't read the book yet. Yes, its due to school. :( I'm going to be reading it real soon though, so do look out for my review!
He's not feeling well at all, and he is angry with himself for relapsing. He says he didn't use enough so that he's in full-blow addiction. I don't think I'm deluding myself by saying I can believe that. Believe me, when B was in his full-blown addiction, he was like a zombie who couldn't eat food. Those of you who've seen this know all about the leg spasms and kicking, shivering, vomiting, diarrhea, loss of appetite, runny nose, sneezing and they look horrible. He says that he cannot begin taking suboxone until tomorrow morning, lest he go into full-blown withdrawals.
Quicksilver
To the sky
Who do I think will win the Glasgow Camra real ale Pub of the Year?
And there is fantasy … but it is perfect.
02/07/2012 SELL 0.01 eurusd 1.32360 02/10/2012 1.31628 +7.32
What Lee does perfectly here with his script is that he is able to talk about two different story-lines but have them both come together in the end. Lee satirizes the whole art of a celebrity where we see Jesus going from person, to person, to person and being asked the same damn thing as to where he’s going and if they can get some pieces of that pie. We get to see how much promises people actually make to Jesus just to have him play some b-ball at their universities and the way Lee shows this in a more grotesque way than ever before, is a real surprise. Lee exposes the underbelly and daily happenings of what happens in college recruiting and how much pressure this can put on that high school basketball player themselves. Even though I don’t play any sports (does Ultimate Frisbee count?), I can definitely say that I’m glad I don’t have to worry about getting all these offers, promises, and calls either.
Christmas cards ready, Hurrah!
For me, it's simple. What is an agent's track record of sales? If solid, then it's probably just going to be a matter of whether you also connect with the agent as a person. By the way, whether an agent with a good track record is a good fit for you as an author is actually a whole different question than whether an agent is a good agent. One agent might be fantastic for one kind of client and disaster for another client who has different needs.
In verse 21, Christ again says, ‘Peace be with you’ — the same benediction that Gideon received in his own commission from God (Judges 6:22-23). Our Lord then tells them they must now go and preach The Word. They have experienced His life, watched Him die and now they have seen Him risen. They must now tell the world, take His peace to the people in His name and under His authority. A commission from Jesus Christ has the same authority as one from God the Father. And the disciples are to begin immediately. Christ breathes upon them (verse 22), and they are filled with the Holy Spirit. By doing this, Christ is conferring upon them full ability and grace to carry out His work. They would have realised that no one before had ever been able to bestow the gift of the Holy Spirit, even Moses. But, because the Holy Spirit is Christ’s own gift, He is able to give it to the disciples directly. Today’s believers in Christ are also to receive and use His gift of the Holy Spirit. This is why Confirmation is so important.
The bowl is just a regular glass bowl
She nodded, so I undressed. I pulled aside my bra a little so she could see the bigger welts.
Tostadas: Top flour or corn tortillas with beans and rice mixture. Layer sauteed zucchini or other vegetable and top with cheese. Broil until cheese melts.
Dr Jaiya informed us that at WIPO on World IP Day the late Steve Jobs of Apple was being honoured, so it seemed quite apt that in the UK IPO poll Sir Jonathan Ive - Senior Vice President of Industrial Design at Apple Inc. had been voted Favourite British Visionary Innovator 2012.
I hardly think that the regulation of car windscreen wipers is a requirement for multinational trading deals in billion pound industries and more to do with the level of intellect and scope that most MEPs are capable of.
Izzy told her want she wanted and this weekend she will present to us her drawings of her ideas for the cake
Coarsely chop peppers with seeds and place in blender with vinegar, sugar and pulse to mix well. Transfer to pot, add butter and bring to a rolling boil for 1 minute. Cook for 5 minutes at a steady boil. Quickly add Certo and coloring. Allow mixture to return to a boil and cook for 3 more minutes stirring a few times. Remove from heat and skim off any foam. Put into half pint jars and seal in water bath for 10 minutes. This should make about 7 jars with a little left over.
around you
- Food! Yep, he loves to eat. Surprise, surprise. He is actually an exceptional eater, only a few times in the beginning did he refuse to eat something (green beans). But now he eats his food right up, no problems.
However, before he could effect this plan, de Soto died on May 21, 1542 of a fever. His body was wrapped in skins weighted with sand and dumped into the Mississippi River, in order to prevent the desecration of his body by the Indians, whom he had intimidated and ill-used . There is a cross marker commemorating the explorer and his discovery on the banks of the Mississippi, in the city of Memphis TN.
Wow has it really been since the holidays since my last post! I've got to do a better job!
A Congressional candidate in Washington state must only pay 1 percent of the annual salary of a House Member as his filing fee and declare his party affiliation. A group called Washington Citizens for Kucinich knows how simple the requirements are and feel it is best if Kucinich makes a decision to run by the end of April.
On to my creation! I have to say it's been forever since I've used this technique and it was fun to give it a try again after all these years!
Release Date: May 6th 2010
Impressions: This place, not even two months in, already has a serious fan base. It’s always jammed with fabulous, young Frenchies, and it feels homey and alive in a way that usually only comes with heritage. The three young guys who opened it specialize in Southern France and know their goods. I'm glad this is in my 'hood.
Pingy is mass Ping tool for Bloggers and webmasters.Pingy now has a list of around 80 RPC ping servers available Includig forwarding to Ping-o-matic that sends to 14 more.
Get your envelopes and your stamps ready at the beginning. Choose your paper of choice or buy a collection of cards if you think you want to send cards. Having to get to a post office six times is annoying so get all you need on one trip and just pop things in the closest mail box.
being on guard against the foes of keenness and spiritual joy;
But I don’t think it stops at just controlling our jealousies and regrets. We can’t just stop wishing we could go back in our past and re-live happier days and the world magically becomes a better place. The whole point isn’t just to make us feel better about ourselves and our lives. No, I think there is another step here. The next step would be seeing if there is anything we can do or any of our resources we can use to help fill in some lush grass in someone else’s yard, or at least water it a little. You know the one, the yard with the dried brown grass and patches of mud.
I am knitting away on the samples and should finish them in plenty of time before the deadline. My other project are taking a back seat until I finish.
Seriously, this book is easy to read, easy to understand, and all the touch points are just as easy to implement. Are you picking up on the word "easy"?
Scripture teaches us that Jesus was both fully God and fully human. Where do you see Jesus’ humanity as he prays? What does the suffering of Christ tell us about God’s love for us?
--the suites are enormous, with showers that fit at least a dozen people ... and attended to by 24-hour butlers.Sounds comfy; a ripoff if your goal was learning to dance, but since it isn't, it just sounds really comfy. I don't think I'll stay there when I go, though.
Seeing as I am currently Tramadol'd out of my tree due to my back going into spasm over the weekend and locking up tighter than a ducks arse I read with a lot of interest yesterday about Physiotherapists being issued a "hands off" rule in Rushcliffe, Nottingham
Keep this aside...
Hyun-woo Kang : In fact we're a group of persons who got different type of tastes. But in Paryumchiakdan, I'm influenced by Go!Go!7188 (Japanese band) and Kim Jung Mi (Korean psychedelic musician), so those bands are effected.
We started with filling out a twelve-page questionnaire about our lives. Each of us. We also signed paperwork promising not to abuse the kids placed in our care. (Seriously, it saddens me that some of the things on that form even have to be said. Some things we promised not to do are things I have never thought to do to another human being, let alone a child.) Then we spent two full weekends in training. We were very blessed by our parents who all chipped in to watch our kids so that we could take the training together and speed up the process for foster parent licensing. All this between Thanksgiving and Christmas!
It was when I first noticed skinny jeans on teenage boys. My first thought was, "Well, those guys are gay." Not "gay" in the derogatory sense it is sometimes used, but simply as a descriptive word for homosexual. Those guys were gay, I thought, and if they had worn those when I was in high school they would have been mocked mercilessly, but I guess times have changed.
Having imposed long enough we headed for the day's second brewery, to the north east in Stratford. The gargantuan Westfield Stratford City shopping centre was heaving with Easter Tuesday shoppers, though only a handful had made it as far as the distant end of the ground floor, opposite the international railway station, where Tap East nestles in its alcove.
"Don't ye be trusting fecking Thatcher now!"
dates are June 18 – 30. The repertoire is: Tchaikovsky, Symphony No. 4,
We haven’t necessarily planned these driveway moments. It’s just the way it has panned out time and again over our 41-year marriage. I come in the drive, Neva goes out. It’s like clockwork.
Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and mix well until yolks are broken up and ingredients are evenly incorporated. Evenly pipe or spoon yolk mixture into reserved egg white halves. As desired, top with thinly chopped black truffle.
Teddy Long is in the ring for our next match, as a ring announcer. It’s going to be Antonio Cesaro, facing Alex Riley.
For Alphabe Thursday we need to work on the letter R for Ms Matlock’s class.
According to Sharacholic, Pinterest has sent more referral traffic to websites that Twitter did in February this year.
from Muzzled: The Assault on Honest Debate
“It made me look at him differently,” she said.
And a reminder: Three days later we’ll be meeting up in person at the Garland County Library for the Mario Kart 7 tournament beginning at noon. Feel free to bring your favorite multiplayer games to share with folks who will be eliminated early (like me!).
Tomorrow, The Slog will reveal just such an instance. A case history – explosive in its potential for grave media, political, police and judicial consequences – in which one person seems to keep on colliding with a chain of events, as a result of which that person has benefited enormously. A media representative who has worked and still works on behalf of the powerful and famous. A news management expert at the centre of not one but two of the most infamous media stories of recent years. And a manipulator who, many former colleagues maintain, cannot be trusted.
Or.......if you're planning to kick back and have a fun, relaxed evening...
Burton had great critical success both on stage and in film.
Leaving each shattered hearth a vain defence
The flowers look as if they've been stamped using the rock 'n' roll technique don't they? Well actually, I just inked the image up in Regal Rose and added a little darker colour to the edges of the rubber with a Melon Mambo marker. It's the way to get the rock 'n rolled look but without getting your stamps all inky!
Mussina still spent a little more than half of his career in Baltimore, and it's not like he won a World Series while pitching for the Stankees. How can I NOT feel bad for a guy who spent 8 seasons on a perennial contender, and didn't win a ring. That in itself wouldn't be so bad, but seeing his former team finally get one last season, the season he chose to retire had to hurt. Am I doing a good job at talking myself into burying the hatchet?
When you click on Brooklyn's "photo gallery" link, you are taken to this video, which appears to have been shot for GQ magazine. (That stands for "Gentleman's Quarterly," not "Guyism Quarterly." Same difference.)
river
How's that for slick work?! I'm not showing you much because I'm still undecided about how to style and use this space. I'm unsure of the type of shelves, desktop, and organizational system. So for now, it looks like this:
12 ounces dark chocolate, chopped
Word Work is still my work in progress, so look for updates to this post as I continue to grow and add to the effectiveness of this choice :) For now, though, I will give a brief overview of how it goes in my class.
Mercifully, the Founders at the Constitutional Convention in 1787 devised a useful remedy for such a desperate state--staggered terms for both houses of the legislature and the executive. An equally abominable Congress can get voted out next year. With a new Congress, there's always hope of legislative gridlock until we vote for president again two short years after that.
But He tells us that the day and hour of His coming are not for us to know. Nonetheless, we should pay attention. He gives us the parable of the fig tree: when we see its branches putting forth leaves, we know that summer is nigh; and, likewise, when we watch the signs and see these things beginning to happen, then we know that the times are ripe, that the end is drawing near.
Knocking on the door of Marisa's apartment and seeing it nearly flung off it's hinges as Moon opened it to greet us.
The book winds through flight and war terminology but transcends historical fiction with its narrator’s fun, relatable, and just basically genuine voice. I found myself practically cackling with laughter at the narrator’s numerous antics, even in her terrifying situation. Elizabeth Wein’s writing is brilliant: the pace and style of words mimic the event that the narrator is telling, long or short, dialogue vs. narration, profound vs. charming.
Fill cupcake liners about 3/4 of the way and bake 25 to 30 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the center of a cupcake comes out with a few crumbs attached. Cool in pan for 5 minutes, and transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. Frost when cool.
Violent Playground (1958)
Under the circumstances, petitioners do not demonstrate that ESDC lacked a rational basis for its intent to require FCRC to make a separate commitment, notwithstanding the MTA agreement, to use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the Project within 10 years.She added in a footnote: Documentation of this commitment was not in existence at the time of ESDC’s June 23, 2009 approval of, and September 17, 2009 resolution affirming, the 2009 MGPP. To the extent that petitioners now claim that the documentation that was subsequently negotiated does not provide adequate guarantees that the Project will be built within the 10 year period, that issue is not before this court. Under long settled authority, a court reviewing an agency’s determination is confined to the facts and record adduced before the agency.That means that the ESDC got away with claiming in court that a separate development agreement requires Forest City Ratner to "use commercially reasonable efforts... to complete the entire Project by 2019."
Worldwide Shipping:
Or, you could be really clever and just add up the three 45° angles from all the isosceles right triangles placed together. Either way, once you've determined you have a 135° degree angle, continue adding sides in the same way...
After crawling through some tunnels,I find a couple of goblins I'm going to assume are up to no good, 'cause I'm gonna kill them and it feels better if I just assume. They've got gold and clay models of human hands, which has to equal cheese as the strangest thing I've ever picked up in a FF book. Cheese isn't weird in itself, it's just a strange thing to carry on an adventure in the days before refrigeration.
Most importantly, I know where I'm going. I've found what I want to do with my life. I think that's something that's even more important for writers than it is for 'normal people' (;D). Writing is my life now, and everything else (even my music) is secondary. My every effort is directed towards freeing myself from day-jobs and similar obligations.
“And thus by degrees was lit, half-way down the spine, which is the seat of the soul, not that hard little electric light which we call brilliance, as it pops in and out upon our lips, but the more profound, subtle and subterranean glow which is the rich yellow flame of rational intercourse. No need to hurry. No need to sparkle. No need to be anybody but oneself . . . how good life seemed, how sweet its rewards, how trivial this grudge or that grievance, how admirable friendship and the society of one's kind, as, lighting a good cigarette, one sunk among the cushions in the window-seat.”
So, on Sunday, when Kevin caught two brook trout, it was time to take the plunge into eating what he had provided for us himself. I’ve got to admit, as a former vegetarian/vegan, it took a lot for me to wrap my brain around the fact that the fillets I was preparing had recently been part of a fish swimming in the creek (I wasn’t witness to him cleaning the fish). But, I am an omnivore. I forced myself to come to terms with the notion, and realized that, as local, sustainable and natural eating goes, this is about as authentic as we could get.
Herodotus
01. Prove My Love
So it's looking less and less like I will be skinny 3 months from now, particularly since I've managed to gain a few pounds (mmmm...popovers....) during my convalescence. How is a fat chick supposed to dress for being seen in public? Baggy, stained yoga pants and oversized t-shirts from Target are probably not going to cut it.
(Ural) Thank you very much for your questions and for your time. If I have a gift, I’m really happy to share it with you. You have a perfect gift as a writer. You are sharing your unique imagination with us, so we know each other well.
find your or another family member or whomever
It’s a moral imperative – when your square parents just ‘love’ some kind of _______________ (fill in the blank) you must, as a teenager, instantly hate said thing with every fiber of your being. I’m pretty sure you’ll find that in the “How To Drive Your Parents to Xanax-Land” teenager handbook.
I am in the guilded hall with fat lasses eating scones and lashings of cramming cream. Ensconced between columns of marble they scrape butter pleasure, jam and sup tea from chipped porcelain. Synchronized hand wiping on white paper napkin. Mechanical short locks and dangling ear stand out. Glasses, bespoken spectacles, glitter of ringed fingers and wagging pen. Autobahn in the sun. The fun fun fun.
My dreams.
I want, above all, to be effective in guiding him out of this mess. Believe it or not, he is the one who sought out a tutor for himself (yes, he -- not his parents), and he has his heart set on getting into an Ivy League school. Clearly, something complicated is going on in his I-want-it-and-I-don't behavior toward getting extra help -- but how do I get him to understand (and tell me) what that is? I haven't a clue yet. All I do know (from my own experience teaching in Iowa and in other places) is that plagiarism is rarely the result of laziness; it's more often an act of desperation. Whatever is making this kid anxious enough to seek out a tutor but balk at having her give him real assistance is at once intriguing, disturbing and, above all, saddening.
Are you intentionally using your food as high octane fuel for your body? Do you notice a difference in your mental/emotional state when you do?
I know that this dream sounds corny and quaint,
This would be the ideal map for anyone traveling to Colorado. The full topographical map is helpful on its own, and it has the added benefit of placing you where you need to be- AT THE PUB!
Mary was a good sport about the whole ordeal. As long as we told her that there weren't actually bugs in her hair, YET. I scrubbed her head down with the lice shampoo, washed it out in the sink, then coated her head with some gel while I combed out every inch of her head with the lice brush, then we washed her hair all over again, stripped the linens off the bed and washed them in hot water with bleach, sprayed down the house with some lice spray ... and finally got the girl to bed.
Not surprisingly, in the past few days, I’m getting numerous questions about which foods are a good source of iodine. With recent unfortunate events in Japan, many are concerned about the effects of radiation on their health and are interested in knowing how iodine might help protect against thyroid cancer. Whether we are in any real danger or risk of radiation exposure in the United States today, the truth is, the American diet is lacking iodine anyway.
GYM CLASS HEROES / THE ROOTS 10/17 9/13/08 @ 12 noon
There is no set time for the unscheduled adjustments before the main session on Wed. 2/3/10 and you can receive this energy at any time. The unscheduled adjustments before the session can be a very powerful time. You may notice many things before, during and after the session. Some people may feel peaceful, energized, centered, balanced and sleep better. Others may be more emotional, restless and lethargic as they detoxify, which is very good. There can be a lot of purification happening on many levels during this time, emotional, mental and physical.
Just got to doing pictures for Shanghai!
And this is the redemption that Derek and I keep speaking of....the beautiful living breathing example of redemption right before our human eyes. This is our precious son! Can you even believe his little face? This photo is from Dec. 2011...just 3 months home with nutrition, love, touch, stimulation, WATER, sunshine, opportunities to explore, and did I mention love?!?:):) I will mention again that he hasn't even had a second of therapy yet (starts this month:).
Smith, Clinton - THE FOURTH EYE
Heard (while clicking away merrily at my keyboard this instant): the cheers, chants, car horns, and occasional fireworks of a democracy reborn.
B: That I did my best at all times and respected the job I had. Some fellows hated the work they did hoping eventually they could leave it. I always hoped to move up in the art world but enjoyed every minute of my time at Timely. I thought we were doing important work for the readers of the books. It’s funny. I’m getting a lot of recognition now in my old age. I recently did a program down here on cartooning and had a packed house. A woman brought her 11 year old son who wanted to be a cartoonist and another of about 17 wanted to be a comic book artist. They asked me for advice and all I could say was to learn to draw well first and not copy the comic book characters. I told them to copy from photographs, learn anatomy and how to draw a body, a face and clothes as well as animals. They both thanked me and both even asked for my autograph. Imagine that! For the first time in 50 years I actually felt like a celebrity!
The boys went out to let me work but the urgent impatience continued. With the irritable absentmindedness of a nervous tick, I flicked back and forth through software on my computer and online. Metaphorically pacing. Searching. Waiting for something. Every twenty minutes or so, a tweet would come through, an email would come through, friendly comments and connections from my friends in the ether. A good article to read, an interesting piece of news. I’d be sated, momentarily, like easing a junkie’s craving, so that yes, it seemed, maybe that was it: just boredom. Avoiding the essays. Loving the connection of fellow writers. Avoiding the essays.
He relentlessly cried and called out her name in sheer desperation.
Level 11: STR: +33, Increases your attack speed.
24. Whippin' Post (5:47)
And when I'm out of the pub, I see poster campaigns from the police like the one above, which is currently running all round London.
Anyway, they did this, and it took them quite some time, but they managed it, and when they were done it was totally awesome and they put it on the internet for Zephyr to see and laugh at.
Wow, lots of people were reading this blog, the counter was up over 4000 while I was still actively writing. And that was accumulated over about three or four months. Unfortunately, that counter-site has since disbanded, so I've had to replace the counter and started over at 1. :::le sigh:::
It's nice of Delivery Shaft to keep his customers so well-informed about Domino's exciting new product line, sure. But why do they need the help? Why are they so confused about what's on their sandwiches? Did they bother to check before they started eating? Did they even bother to take the paper off first, or will their stools be clogged with wads of Domino's wrapping logos tomorrow? One would assume that both the names and ingredients of Domino's products make up a fair portion of their menu, but this commercial has me believe that if I opened one, I'd just see "SANDWICHES. DIFFERENT KINDS." in block type.
ps While you're falling in love with Kim's blog and resources, I totally recommend joining her TPT store!
Some day, I will be in possession of a Mawi piece & I will never give it back.
my house is quiet.
My tears have dried, can no more cry,
Never forget that love
in accordance with the Scriptures;
01 A Pretty Girl Is Like A Melody
We raised $65 for the cause. I'm off to make the donation.
Last November Pete Brown was in Cumbria doing a couple of readings. I took him on a all-too-brief tour of some of the region's pubs. We called in at the Black Bull Inn, home of the Coniston Brewery. We discovered a newcomer to the Coniston portfolio – a keg beer, "Thurstein Pilsner"*. Naturally, we gave it a try. Wow! If only all keg lager was this good surely "keg" and "lager" wouldn't have such negative connotations amongst certain beer-drinking types. In keeping with the house style we found it to be biscuity with a floaty hop character – Hallertau in this instance. A six week cold-conditioning ensures the beer is especially coherent and integrated. Some gentle lemon-ness redolent of Robinson's Barley Water and a hint of white pepper contributed to what adds up to be a tremendous new thirst-quenching addition to the Cumbrian beer landscape.
Similarly, "computer games are for kids!" mindset is in total control.
NY Press (I especially like this one. You think craft brewers in the U.S. have obstacles, read about what goes on in Norway for a real eye-opener!)
Finally, some random layouts that I thought I'd share. Why? Well, because they were fun to create and I need to just make something fun without boundaries sometimes. This first one was a bunch of random extra pieces and fun punches.
Regardless of whether or not he was operating within the rules, a picture in the much read Pink, (which is a weekly sports newspaper that comes out on Saturday nights in the Southampton area), of him playing in goal for a side who are two points ahead of the team he is managing, would severely compromise his integrity, as well as being very confusing. As I cast my mind back I remember him hurling a water bottle in anger, after his left-back made a blind back-pass that put Sam Hewitt clean through to score a last minute equaliser at BTC. He did not have a much better afternoon today.
By Amy Efaw
Shadows seethe at my unwelcome presence as I retreat once again into their dark depths. Hidden, unseen and invisible, I watch as people pass me by, their faces glowing alive in the ever-still rising sun. They do not stop. They do not stare. Why should they? I am no-one. I am the dead.
Below is the rating scale for each of my children which, in turn, determines my happiness as a parent. They are dubbed by each child’s nickname. On a scale of 5 to 1, 5 would be the best possible scenario this mother could ask for. Each rating is based on actual words my children have used to clue me in on their honest opinion.
“My room.”
WINEMAKER QUOTE: “The wine tastes fine up here!”
according to their conscience. You have not succeeded in confiscating
Big Bible Maps (Version 1.8, $2.99, App Store). BibleStudyPro has a host of iPad apps, including several map collections. For the most part, everything on this site is public domain, which limits the usefulness of the apps. This is especially true for maps, since a free Atlas from 1850 is not particularly useful. BibleStudyPro apps are inexpensive, all are priced at $2.99. A few Android versions of their apps have appeared, I expect all to be ported eventually. The best of the apps from BibleStudyPro is Big Bible Maps. The app tags satellite maps from Google Earth with biblical places. Since the images are from Google, you can zoom in extremely close for amazing detail. The obvious problem is that Google Maps are modern maps! Once on the map, you must touch a pushpin to identify the location. The location flag will appear, and if there is an arrow you can open a description of the location. The text is drawn from the original International Standard Bible Encyclopedia, although this is not identified in the software as far as I could see.
For our theme this week, we have a technique which was pre-empted by many of you last week, we would like to see some evidence of
Just a quick post tonight. I wanted to share with you the notebooks I made for my lovely friends this Christmas. As money seems to be a bit tight for everyone we decided to handmake our pressies for each other this year and had great fun in the process.
The bad part is that the reason he’s gotten this position is because the particular department he’s going to be working for is moving from their Oregon location to here. Only half of the people in the department are moving with the job, so a bunch of spots freed up. This means that, before the job officially moves to the offices here in town, the newbies need to be trained. Mr. Lyle is going to be in Oregon for the next two months. He left at about 5am this morning for the airport to fly out.
The Argentine-Italian artist was well-known in Europe for his series of slashed monochrome paintings. Sometimes he embellished the slashed canvases with costume jewelry and glitters. Lucio Fontana, lived between 1899–1968. His art was seen a mixture of avant-garde art under Italian fascism and kitsch painting of the postwar economic miracle. “Fontana attacked the idealism of twentieth-century art by marrying modernist aesthetics to industrialized mass culture” said art critic Anthony White. His art was a reflection of his time and it was perhaps the beginning of pop art.
2. Committed to love. After himself, I am his Number One priority and we plan our committed lives together in our sacred union of love. We give one another time, experiences and adventures to help our love deepen.
Finally I decided to centre my posts on the memoir which (at that point) I was still writing and fan out from its main focus – i.e., growing up in the 1950s and 1960s as the only child of elderly parents when your Dad is dying of cancer. Sometimes I quote excerpts from the memoir, where appropriate to the post, but often I’m into the fallout of being an only child (now only person) and what I have to face alone. That gets me into health issues, social issues, and well, writing a memoir. And being an “old journalist” I have to do research, so I hit the Internet. My Blog Link list is very long but it’s there so anybody can find more information.
Q4: Among books you recently read, movie, or fashion, what’s your favorite?
XIII.
Love is the same, no matter when, no matter where—it never comes without sacrifice. Theodore risks capture for Ellie, but will their hope for a future together be defeated? Can Marylu trust Chester, or is she asking for another broken heart? Will Alaina and Jack find common ground, or will flood waters destroy any possible future? Enjoy three romances from the historic state of Pennsylvania.
Which reminds me...is it excessive to own 23 tank tops of various colors and styles if you do wear every single one of them? At last count I had around 38 pairs of shoes...mostly sandals and flip flops...my husband would balk but I did wear all of them...I have 4 or 5 styles of black heels...I think I narrowed it down to 3 pairs of tennis shoes...and I now have only 6 or 7 hoodies hanging. I even found a way to hang all of my purses of which I've dropped down to around 7 or 8. Seriously, I swear I've been getting rid of stuff.
There's not a lot of YA on the list, and that's not because I don't like it. I go through phases where I read a ton of a certain kind of book. Right now, it's not a lot of YA. Later on, it probably will be.
The most important part of extending to 8 teams is simply that all conference champions (assuming they only lost 2 games) will get a shot to defend their conferences honor. As good as the SEC is, they rarely play elite OOC games. Not that most schools do, but when you factor that USC has voluntarily scheduled Auburn, Arkansas, Kansas State, Nebraska, Ohio State, Notre Dame and Texas (can’t wait) makes it hard to take the fact the LSU got Oregon at a neutral site that seriously.
Loso have made multi platinum sales, and within Thailand their most famous songs are instantly met with cheers, more thai bopping and probably a new bottle of Johnny Walker Black being opened. Their most famous track is called ‘Pantip’ (see link above), and muses about the singer offering to take his new lady friend to some of the big department stores around Bangkok, but not Pantip Plaza, as his ex-girlfriend has a shop there. In reality, it is most likey that the song was written to put listeners off shopping there as it is one of the largest “copy” (fake) I.T. and music vendors in the capital. I used to go there all the time as it had an excellent metal stall run by two old grannies, one who has since passed away. Their English was woeful, but their knowledge of Cannibal Corpse was fucking unreal.
I find the whole concept of ‘first world problems’ to be a daily source of amusement. These, for the uninitiated, are the types of issues encountered typically by middle class westerners, and compare hilariously unfavourably to people throughout the world facing actual hardship. Taking things like food, shelter, sanitization and basic human safety for granted, stereotypical first world problems relate to minor inconveniences when skiing, visiting Starbucks or being stuck in slow traffic. And not only do people think these things, they tend to share them unashamedly and without irony via the wonders of social media. Prime examples can be found at brilliant websites such as Whitewhine.com and Failblog.org.
Yesterday, I took delivery of two boxes of goodies, which came in the form of entirely separate deliveries.
According to authors of The New Health Age, healthier employees have reduced absenteeism, resulting in increased days at work and increased productivity while on the job. Healthier employees also use less expensive health care services, which can help companies better manage their bottom line, create new jobs that benefit all Americans and increase global competitiveness.
your own pre-made (or provided) pots in a low-tech updraft bottle kiln using wood and salt with Paul de Jongh. Paul has been making high-temperature wood-fired pots in McGregor for the past 15 years, where he has built 5 wood-fired kilns. The bottle kiln was built by Paul and Ian specifically as a
The Goat, The Sofa, and Mr. Swami. Well. I’m yet to read the book. I learnt it revolves around the intersection of Cricket, the Indian Prime Minister, the Pakistani Prime Minister who invites himself to a cricket series being played between the two in India, and a certain Mr. Swami. For the rest, read the book. While I was tempted to tap the reader on the opposite seat for his take on the book, I left him alone to survive the evening journey back home immersed in R. Chandrasekar’s book, an escape into the gathering night while I delved into various possibilities, all afforded by a book cover.
She is the little voice in my head.
But now they come back like a torrent of ignorance once more,
Today I take responsibility for my finances.
Water: ¼ cup
My father still loved her, though she was dead
It seems as if Gable’s character in these opening scenes was originally somewhat wilder than he is in the surviving version of the film – a helpful user review at the imdb says that a character called Marie, played by Katherine DeMille, originally appeared in the opening saloon sequence but her scenes were cut due to her “questionable character”. I did find a still of one of these deleted scenes apparently showing Marie in a bedroom with Thornton, which looks as if there might have been some quite suggestive material included in these sequences, despite the Code. Anyway, Gable does still give an impression of wildness, smouldering darkly in the way that only he can – and this is underlined by his instinctive understanding and taming of the wild, violent dog. Wellman and Gable fell out during the making of this film, with Wellman feeling that Gable was messing him around and turning up late on set in the extreme weather conditions. But you would never know this to see his performance in the film.
if you like the look of white on white but don't want your shop looking too bright, you can add some darker browns in there -stick with a neutral palette when using white-on-white, colour will take you in a whole other direction which we'll talk about in a bit. In the picture below I've angled the stack so you get a bit of the dark brown underneath- this has 'mellowed' the light, giving a more earthiness and toning down the 'bright summer's day' feeling, while still keeping the clean feel.
So, where does that energy come from? It may seem obvious, but “an audience” is a singular being made up of many individuals, with each person’s reactions and energy contributing to the whole. And in a conventional play, the audience is transmitting that energy through the permeable barrier of the so-called “fourth wall” and is somewhat removed from the full force of the action.
parasol – one mustn’t get spots! — freckles were quite unfashionable during the Regency
Drain the ricotta overnight to get rid of excess water. Cook the swiss chard leaves in boiling water, drain and let cool. Squeeze out excess water and chop finely. Mix the ricotta, swiss chard and remaining ingredients in a bowl. Add more flour if necessary, but the least amount of flour you add, the lighter the gnocchi will be. Dust your hands with flour and roll into oblong shapes. Cook in a pot with ample water, salted until the gnocchi rise to the surface. Drain.
Quote of the Day: Grown-ups have lived their lives and made their wars. We kids didn't start these wars or make these messes. We deserve a chance to live our lives.This is a paraphrase from Anne's line in The Diary of Anne Frank at the Park Square Theatre in St. Paul. I attended this performance as a chaperone with about 200 eighth graders from Forestview Middle School. It was stunning. The cast of characters were exactly how I have pictured them through my readings, imagings, and visit to the Annex.
Gunnlaug answers, “Why go halt while both legs are long alike?”
Madison, WI 53704
3. For a third entry become a follower. If you are already a follower just leave that in the comment section.
“Why? You promised me.”He look at me with such a sorrowful eyes and it makes my heart hurt.
Last evening I went over to St Patrick’s, Soho Square, where just under two weeks I was ordained to the Sacred Priesthood. It was good to be back – catching up with members of SPES and Fr Alexander. In fact, as an added bonus, I got there slightly early and caught the end of their daily Vespers and Benediction. Perhaps it’s an Anglican thing, but I really find praying the Liturgy of the Hours with other people a beautiful expression of the nature of the Church – militant, expectant, triumphant.
For their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow, which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.
Marketers are looking to make advertising more effective by giving consumers a complete experience. The goal is to utilize multiple channels to encourage interaction. Below are a few ideas of how to successfully integrate your traditional advertising with social media.
There’s more to the music scene beyond the Justin Biebers, Jonases, and One Direction dudes, I tell you. Specifically, there are more (even better!) male musicians out there. And while I do love Justin Timberlake and Usher, I happen to find other musicians more appealing, especially with their music which can cause any or all off the following: eargasm; ovaries’ explosion; bam! impregnation. I’m serious — these men are so sexy (in their own passion-filled singing/performing/writing ways, of course) that I just want to lock myself in my room and sing along to their songs all day like a crazy teenage fangirl.
Join me as I journey from 308 pounds down to 200 pounds. Strap in tight. It’s going to be a long ride.
Plan for and make staffing or technology changes to suit customer needs - it may be painful but necessary.
What better way this year than to bring this classic back to the fore. Jungalero, I’ll give you Dolly if I can be Lilly, we’ll let Funkschnecke cover Jane.
Laptop Where the cat sleeps
One of the reasons I ran for office in the first place was out of a growing frustration with a government that seemed to ignore the concerns of the voters. I believe this is what drove the Republican Party to such a sweeping victory in November. I have been outspoken in my support of Governor Walker and his courageous and bold moves to put our state’s house into order. For the first time in many years I now believe that we the people are finally being heard.
Last week was sweet!! It was such a treat seeing all your fabulous creations and fun twists.
3. As your leaving the home. The Messenger Of Allah (saw) said, “If anyone of you when leaving the house says In the name of
Phone: 303-440-7930
The other day, you asked me to be the “bigger person” and to reach out to a family member that you have acknowledged has deliberately treated me wrongful.
The council says it seeks stories “that illustrate current realities or the promise of reform, especially those that help people understand the complex issues surrounding the nation’s social systems.” Council president Alexander Busansky said, “With the national dialogue on the Trayvon Martin case, we have all witnessed the power of the media to shine a light on issues of justice.” He added that the PASS awards “recognize those who skillfully bring home to us the critical issues that affect justice and safety in our nation.” Click on the link to see the list of award winners.
I took this photo of the daffodils whilst on my daily walk around the park - just to cheer me up!
I believe this is an experience that every single study abroad student has on the first Friday that they spend in Morocco:
Does this mean management changes at Sigil? I can’t say at this point.
... Atzmon denounces Zionism, the movement that founded Israel as a Jewish state and defends it as such. He also believes Israel and Jewish Americans influence U.S. policy and use it to defend a system that discriminates against Palestinians.
2 tablespoons brown sugar
Beloff called this year’s Bio-Ball the most competitive to date, but when the dust had settled, only four teams remained. Ariad, Belmont Sport; Genzyme, Shrewsbury; Momenta, Mid Cape Warriors and Zalicus, Cardinal Cushing.
You incur no obligation by listing your internship program.
Yes, it was one of Those days.
On May 29th, I chased and photographed a storm in central Nebraska. It looked from the get-go like it was going to go gangbusters, and it didn't disappoint, Sadly, the storm produced several tornadoes; a multivortex F2 that struck Kearney, and a F2 that ran over Aurora. I photographed the storm from around Elwood, Nebraska, to just east of Kearney, Nebraska, before breaking off of the storm to check on family living in Kearney. Below are the photos I shot; all can be enlarged in a new window/tab by clicking them. If you are interested in getting prints of any of them, toss me an email at digicana at gmail dot com. I'll put print prices (pretty cheap) at the bottom of this post. Note that there are a ton of photos with this post, so if you're low bandwidth, you'll probably want to mosey along and get a cup of coffee while this loads. So, let's begin...
If I had to name one thing that defines Timboo's, I would say human body odor. It knocks you down when you walk in. Years and years of soaked-in sweat, in the wood, in the stools, in the walls. I doubt any of the regulars of staff notice. It's like cat owners who are oblivious to the fact that their homes reek of kitty litter.
The acquisition of virtues is not an antiquated mode of being, it’s a vital framework for human life. Virtues are like instructions in a manual for living productively. We think of things like love and kindness and loyalty and trustworthiness as pleasant optional extras that will make our lives more pleasant – but they are much more than that. Cultivating real virtues – not nominal ones – creates the environment necessary for spectacular human growth. And that, as Aristotle might have said, is where the profit in virtue exists.
It was one of those days where you just hold on and do your best to keep up. Where there is no down time. Where you are pulled in multiple directions at once.
Here are three reasons why men should not accept an offer of casual sex:
Oerbier means original and De Dolle Brouwers are based in Esen. That’s the small village of Esen in Belgium and not Essen the city in Germany. Of course, Essen is famous, amongst other things, for the heavy damage done by Allied bombing in WW11 and for the notorious murder of 3 British airmen by civilians in 1944. For which Hauptmann Heyer and Johann Braschoss were sentenced to hang. But I digress.
“But, I want to make sure…but then, I’m still doubting a lot. I’m doubting myself so much, thinking that I’m not good enough for Him. Something tells me I shouldn’t dismiss these thoughts either.”
But as I love jokes I played along.
I found Blogger, played around with some blog names, and registered. I had no idea what I was doing. I kinda still don't. But I wanted to share something I was passionate about.
Joke or not, I had a good laugh.
10. Never use sun-lightening products such as lemon juice or over-the-counter hair care products designed to lighten hair with the sun unless you want a very short hair cut in the future.
Animal Man; Jeff Lemire and Travel Foreman (DC Comics)
3. Dengue Fever - Cement Slippers
Why? Because we live in a society where the general populace is “star struck” at a time when every other sport serves up their stars 24/7! Sports fans expect to see their favorites (ie the best) when they go to an arena or stadium. Buy a ticket to an NBA game and you’re guaranteed to see Kobe Bryant, Lebron James, Derrick Rose or Kevin Durrant. NOT just during the playoffs, or during a championship series, but every game their teams play. Nor does Kobe sit out the games against the Bulls – waiting to go head to head against Derrick Rose in the playoffs. Or games against the Celtics or Heat or any other top team or player. As a matter of fact unless he’s injured (and injured badly) you will see Kobe in every Lakers’ game against every team and every other top player. Ditto Lebron, Durrant, and Rose. It’s what sells tickets and fills seats. And it’s the NBA’s greatest marketing tool – advertising its stars and the multitude of matchups it parades before the public ALL season long!
Gioachino Rossini triumphed in Vienna in 1822, where he met Beethoven again. The language barrier and Beethoven’s deafness meant that they could only exchange brief words. The Viennese composer tolerated Italian opera only in moderation—he found it lacked seriousness.
Article 1 of the Human Rights Charter
The show is annually presented in the Chicago suburb of Evanston, Illinois by the Auxillery of Northshore University Healthsystem and is also a major fundraiser supporting breast and ovarian cancer research. This year the show will begin on August 25 with a Special Benefit Preview Party and open August 26th through the 28th to the public.
Raúl González, the director of legislative affairs for the National Council of La Raza, said the report demonstrates that states and districts have focused attention on English-language learners in a way that is creating a “demand for better products and services for these children.”
I was watching TV yesterday and one show in particular caught my attention. It's a show called "Intervention" on A&E featuring various drug addicts and their families. Apparently, A&E was having an "Intervention" marathon, so I switched back and fourth between that and ESPN.
The Dr. smiled and asked what else the other Dr. had talked to me about, in terms of surgery.
Question: You have said that memory represents an experience that has not been understood. Does that mean that our experiences are of no value to us? And why does a fully understood experience leave no memory?
So it's officially under way and I've got two potential trades that will help me along the way... I just sent off two emails with pics of stuff I'm willing to deal and hopefully I can pull in some nice cards.
JT - So what was the answer?
lineup:
another week or so passed and I went there and turns out they did have my phone a few days ago but hadn’t bothered to call me like THEY SAID THEY WOULD. I collect it. Come back and a week later the same problems start slowly.
My brother was so annoyed because I can't row the boat on a straight line. My sister kept screaming whenever we drift into the corals or when we were about to hit someone head on. LOL. It was so much fun.
There were little love notes with instructions attached to everything. His eyes lighted up again when he saw a note attached to a small packet of snack. Then he took out his tiffin carrier of food and started opening it. There was brown rice, vegetable and fried fish on the different tiers. He opened up his flask and peered into the drink and again smiled happily. He read his mum's notes to him and smiled to himself.
If time comes and this is done, you can access it in the category it is under.
Think of a film where the dialogue seems very unnatural. How many times have you watched a film and thought that no one would ever talk that way? The same goes for dialogue. Think about what people would really react like. Do the same for your dialogue.
Blackwood was one of those School Board employees directly responsible for little or nothing getting done in construction and the backbiting in the department.
The last couple of days have been sunny and warm, and now today: blech. Dreary. Grey. And it makes the backyard look EVEN worse than it is (which is pretty bad!). SO, to help brighten things up in my world, I'm showing this card today :)
During the first hour or so while Juan Cho was explaining his vision of the business, his wife Abelina Cho was performing hostess duties. She brought out 2 plates of chocolate with different varieties on each plate. The first plate had chocolate pieces that were 80% cacao. Tasty, not bitter, sweetened with natural cane sugar, which is grown on another farm owned by the Cho family. The second plate had samples that were 75% cacao, mixed with cane sugar, cacao nibs and milk. The nibs add a crunchy texture and contributes additionally to the chocolate flavour. (On a side note, Juan referred to his wife as “The Chocolate Princess.”)
Having lived among humans for many years, I can confidently state that I prefer the society of women. Not because I fancy them, of course, although the ones who don’t shave their legs might confuse a randy gorilla on a dark night. What’s interesting about the human female is her susceptibility to language: a well-chosen phrase can have a profound effect on her mood. Female gorillas are splendid creatures in many ways, but they are utterly lacking in this kind of subtlety. To get in their good books, you’ve just got to feed them, groom them and protect them. Telling a female gorilla what beautiful dark eyes she has – or complimenting her on her new hairstyle – won’t inspire anything more than an impatient sucking of the teeth.
The differences had me thinking how all living things on this planet have the same needs. And about where each of the species fit in the food chain.
Overall: FE 8, RID 7, AM 7
Natural fructose in fruit is okay. But high added sugar/HFCS consumption will only encourage cancer cells and cause the other health issues mentioned in this article.
Cast : Judge Reinhold, Julia Sweeney, Joe Pichler, Michaela Gallo, Kaleigh Krish, Matt McCoy, Veanne Cox, Mark Lindsay Chapman, Nick Meaney, Natalie Marston, Jeff Coopwood, Art LaFleur, June Lu, Scott Evans, Patrick Bristow
So if you get started and everything looks terrible, don't worry! Just keep on stitching, keep trying to find that balanced ratio of speed and movement.
I am an ambassador of Christ Jesus! Amen!
3) Make use of differentiated instruction strategically and purposefully for all students. The accommodations suggested for boys in current literature work for everyone, so it is more important that the students understand that every individual is being accommodated for. Get to know the boys in your class, and the girls too. You may be surprised at the common interests between your students!
Malema has kept Zuma guessing on whether he will support him for a second presidential term, with media reports that the youth league leader and allies are part of a faction planning to oust Zuma at next year's national conference.
I had another great year with my adorable little girl Tayah. She just keeps growing up and amazing me with things that she says and does like talking in complete sentences and going #2 on the potty (sorry but that's a big deal in her world!). Here are a few of the things that turned out to be her favorite things of this year. It would be fun to have our friends over and hand out samples (Oprah-like) but checking out pictures is the next best thing!
The source doesn’t go into any detail about what revision of AMD CPU hardware it’s going to be using, but it could be the forthcoming Piledriver revision of the weak Bulldozer architecture from the AMD FX-8150 CPU.
Gently mix castor sugar and olive oil. By beating on high, slip in one egg. Beat for about 1 minute, next add in another egg, beat till it forms a frothy mixture. Next gently fold in mango pulp.
..that the CCCB took the lead on an explicitly Catholic issue?
Up Against The Wall (Jump Smokers Rap Intro Radio Edit) Electronica 126 bpm 3:53
SHOWTIME!
The trend of window handling in all over the world becomes a task of more concern today. It is seen as a smart, crisper, and cleaner approach towards decorating windows.
I’m not healthy guru, but I try my very best to be cognizant of my nutrition. With Joseph and me training for this half-marathon, and preparing for the wedding festivities, we’ve both taken what we put into mouths for digestion into consideration.
Here’s hoping we have better luck tonight.
I woke up the next day to a couple of BBM messages and messages on Facebook. It was my sister.
“The people drawn to Twitter are people on the cutting edge, the real nerds who are resentful of the fact that the general population have found and taken over Facebook”
a handsome and sleek-perfect fit
Governor Jindal’s early proposals were DOA. Fierce opposition within the legislature caused Governor Jindal to acknowledge the lack of support for increasing the contribution rate by three percent and not using this increase to pay down the unfunded liability. That has been changed and the three percent is now being used to pay off unfunded liability The same applies to Governor Jindal’s proposal to increase the retirement age from fifty five to sixty seven. Some type of sliding scale is now more likely. This is a tough issue and the initial approach can be classified as a shoot for moon approach by Governor Jindal – later claiming he got what he was after in the end. Not sure many legislators are buying this – they are the ones taking the heat for the draconian type of initial approach suggested by Governor Jindal. Lots of legislators are being careful on this one – after all they gave Governor Jindal his big vote on education reform – this vote is much more complex and fraught with political problems. Governor Jindal should be able to eventually pass something.
Whipwhirls are immune to the effects of bashing weapons (magical or otherwise), and if struck by an edged weapon (magical or otherwise) will separate into two smaller whipwhirls, each with half the hit points of the original. Each whipwhirl has 1 hit point per five feet in length. When reduced to lengths shorter than 2’, a whipwhirl’s attacks become ineffective as they become innocuous at that length.
“I think you’re carrying this a little too far,” Clay said. “Besides those guys on the road crew will just go over to Hawg Creek Springs and bring their constructions barrels back. They know they got to tar and chip Highway 50 that runs through here.”
For those of you who’ve spent endless hours searching for “Obama’s” early history, including his school records, now you know why your searches have come up empty. It wasn’t your lack of skill.
Riot Squad: Supreme Commander, the latest Tribunal reports are here.
Doug Holder: So what’s happening this year at the Mass. Poetry Festival?
This book was very hard to get into at first. In fact, I started it, put it down, and only picked it up again a week later because my mom said it started slow but was great. It is set in the Appalachian Mountains, so it has a deep accent to it. Cadi is a young girl with a heavy heart, who blames herself for her sister's death. Not a far fetched idea, since it would appear that both of her parents also blame her. In her family's grief, she is basically on her own. With the heavy burden of guilt on her, she seeks out the Sin Eater. The Sin Eater is the man who comes down the mountain after a person dies in order to 'eat' their sin so that they may face the Lord at the gates of Heaven. Once you get past the mountain talk, and the character who comes to the people to tell them the gospel speaking in King James, this is a beautiful story, one filled with hope, forgiveness, and love. I flat out cried at the end, thinking of the sacrfice Jesus made for us so that we may not go to our death bed with the heavy burden of guilt.
A plate steel object was fired
One activity I’ve found that is practical, fun, and perfect for getting your brain out of the way is leading (ponying) one horse while riding another. I did a fair amount of this a few years back with our baby, Sarah. She had a lot of energy, which took a lot of my attention. Sometimes she got out in front of us on the trail. Candy and I would canter along behind her for minutes on end like a skier following a ski boat. What I remember most fondly about that experience is how free I felt, unencumbered by any worry about riding correctly. Yet my riding improved. Lately,
Today I would like to share this soldered charm with you.Doesn't she look like a Diva?
I just got my Mother's Day gifts in the mail. I really meant to on Monday, but the boxes I had were too big for the Priority Mail box, and then baby had a blowout, the boys were whining about making another trip to the post office and that was it. I seriously just gave up. Some days that's just how being a mother is, right?
I hear that the Cabinet is going to decide what the new symbol for the Rupee is going to be. Apparently, after a long and arduous contest involving, among other things, SMS voting and reality shows, the final choice is to be made from these 5:
Musa said investigations should be completed soon as the inquest was set to commence next week.
Lamy are a company who pride themselves on design and innovation, and some, though not all, of their packaging matches that.
fascinated by what Eno regards as the most radical aspect of
Yeah? Funny, so do most people. Just not Labour PPC's. Anyway, do continue.
Most engines choke on the short searches by giving crap results, but at a fast rate. Most choke on the “Pirates…” because it’s a long phrase, but give good/decent results. (I remember trying this on Zend and having to up PHP mem allocation to 2GB (it used it all) and waiting 45 minutes for it to return. lol gnarly.)
I sent absolutely horrendous query letters to the very biggest publishers and agents I found on a list somewhere, then waited patiently while they, one by one, sent back little cards that had the words "Dear Author", "regrettably", "unfortunately" and other such niceties. I was shocked and mortified.
Here’s the deal:
“THE DELIVERER WILL COME FROM ZION,
Keep in mind this week your score will be the lowest you scored on any given test during the week. We may do five or only two who knows. . .
The government’s sweeping changes allow Spanish companies facing declining revenues to pull out of collective bargaining agreements and have greater flexibility to adjust employees’ schedules, workplace tasks and wages, as well as making it easier and less costly to fire workers.
As my dreams then disappeared
He said some people who complained of racism were simply covering up for their inadequacies, and the election of President Barack Obama proved times had moved on. He said: ‘I see this with all the minorities. You can’t get a job somewhere. He can’t admit to himself that he is inadequate – they’ll claim it’s anti-Semitism.
Before starting our locavore journey, my only experience with asking produce questions was asking the “produce manager” in our local grocery store, who usually knew almost nothing about produce or cooking. So, I was pretty shy and hesitant about asking farmers information. I thought it might be rude. But you know what? Farmers LIKE answering questions and they LOVE talking about what they grow. And guess what else? Many of them cook this food themselves! Also, farmers, in my limited experience, are pretty practical folks. If you say you’re on a budget and you have xx to spend on vegetables, they can give you lots of ideas for how to stretch your dollars and feed your family. Try THAT at your local grocery store!
08--(06:52)--- Space Cowboy
On my return from Planet Meta-, I find a country preparing to measure research via ‘economic and social impact’ again, so we do need to remember these points. Software packages change faster than Vice-Chancellors, but these issues remain, for media students as much as fine art acolytes, and understanding how signification and power courses through both Photoshop and institutional hierarchies can only prepare them for the ‘real world’, which critics of this kind of book claim to exist beyond its pages.
(c) land use management;
“There are powers beyond us that are going to decide whether there is a conviction or not. It’s all good that we say we want to achieve this target of conviction, but we are not prosecutors. We are not judges,” he said. Mkhwanazi did not say who had given him these instructions and IOL could not get clarification on his comments.
Mom gave me some great ideas and some of them I loved so much I
I must find my pot of gold
In the beginning, NAMA told us that it was going to consider developers’ business plans and would enter into agreements with those worth saving and working with; all fine and dandy. Then NAMA explained that “an agreement” comprised three sequential documents – memorandum of understanding, heads of terms and final full agreement – and that all three needed to be signed by NAMA, the developer and in some instances, the developer’s spouse. And then there was a procession of weasel words which had the effect of “bigging up” NAMA’s progress with these finalising these agreements. Then last summer, well over a year after NAMA had acquired the first tranche of loans, it was RTE presenter Mariane Finnucane who finally wheedled the truth from the NAMA chairman Frank Daly – only one developer was close to signing all three documents. And then last month, NAMA finally admitted to TDs and senators that it had abandoned the formal agreement approach and was now just working informally with developers based on business plans. It doesn’t exactly look like sure-footed management brilliance on NAMA’s part.
The second recipient, Yvonne Cheung, won back in 2007 and has been committed to working with wine. She was recently appointed as Chef Sommelier at the internationally acclaimed Café Gray Deluxe at The Upper House in Hong Kong. In short, she runs the wine program for the entire hotel. She therefore has to work a lot with numbers: inventory, revenue, budgets, costs, etc. When it came to winning the scholarship, her experience was similar to Park’s. Cheung says that it was not really effort that caused her to win, but more passion and drive.
So now I have to take it easy at work. Get used to living with pain in my hand. It’s my left hand and I am left handed. So when I am in pain, I have a problem with writing, typing, eating and all the other stuff I am doing with my left hand.
All I can do is keep blogging and hope that the gods of blogdom eventually recognize my small votive offerings.
"Nigga, you drunk, aren't you?"
I wanted to do something special for her, so I made her a special kit and decided that all of the proceeds from this kit will be donated to the Susan G Komen Race for the Cure on her behalf.
This is one of the best things you will put in your mouth.
Lots of people have emailed me asking how I have gotten so many followers in such a short time. Though I'd like to attribute it to my incredible writing skills or wittiness, I don't think that's it. I think the biggest part has probably been my addicition/obsession/dedication to blogging.
So much for the passing comment about a feeling about the proposed access being from the A27. Consider this, that the contractors being in the lane and saying what they will do speaks much more clearly with ominous end results.
Congrats to HOMESTEAD JEN!
I included two photos because the top one was taken with my Canon Elph, which has a much better resolution, while the second shot was taken with my I-phone, which was much truer to the actual color of the piece. What I really need to do is simply dust off the ol' Rebel, which has been sorely neglected, and use that camera to retake shots of all of my recent paintings. Perhaps this summer when I actually have some time to breathe.
Then have a good cry at the end, if you want.
KEY SPEAKERS: There will be key speakers such as famous congolese tv and SPORT PERSONALITIES
Okay, now this picture. Oh, this is EXACTLY what it looked like. Pure decadent deliciousness. I mean really people, this was pure sin.
This off kilter quality establishes many levels of separation between John’s nature as a solitary and the viewers walking around the gallery. While on one hand, John can be seen as a lonely traveler, the other finds viewers strangely indicted in their curiosity about this far away drama. John is not alone, our eyes pour over him. The scale of the sculptures finds us peering into the holes, looking for any information we can find. Thankfully, we provide most of the information ourselves, leading the stories with our own thoughts and desires.
The next thing will be to open up and to expose anyone who is having an Internet affair, as the government read secret and private e mails which will inevitably lead to TV and press scandal and even blackmail from God knows who as we will have no idea who is reading and selling our lives from our own e mail accounts.
So, that’s how I thought the episode was going to end. Ric accepting his doomed fate, Damon crying by himself, and me sobbing in front of my television. Instead, it ended with the biggest WTF/OMFG moment of the season.
Flying machines, printable collage sheet and individual images
So what would your friends rename you to? Will you stay a Joe, or a Barnabas? Either way, go out there and encourage someone will ya??
To start, the film was the "Brain Child" of director Martin Brest who's highlights of his past work include Beverly Hills Cop and Hot Dogs for Gauguin. I find it funny that he seemly disappeared from Hollywood right after Gigli bombed. However it should be noted that the film was also revised heavily due to complications between the studio and himself. Another key point of the film was its two stars, Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez. At the time the two were dating which I'm guessing producers thought would cause a spark of publicity for the film. Didn't do much for the acting though. One of the major criticisms of the film among critics seemed to be that the two lacked chemistry; something that I have to agree on. Most of the time it just felt awkward to watch the two of them together.
Oh, and make sure to pour a glass of wine. Cheers!
Overall: FE 9, RID 7
AC: So you don't agree that blog posts constitute published work?
It’s time for the weekend and I’m so glad it’s here! As soon as I got off work, this dress went in the hamper and was quickly replaced by athletic wear.
As the winter goes away, the cool nights remain. And the high efficiency wood stove, which heats our home, is still burning an armload or so each day. Those armloads, and their purchase price and the stacking and the burning are the price paid to save money by not using a furnace. They are also the price you pay for smelling the fire and watching its dance throughout the long winter months.
The ferry ride was comfortable and convenient. While the girls slept, I (finally) found a working wi-fi,downloaded the camera, sent out the last group of blog posts and charged a variety of batteries. Eighty minutes later, we were in Delaware and the sun was burning through the morning fog.
Yesterday was raining and rather cool, so we did something we hadn't done for a long time - we went to a movie; we saw "The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" and really enjoyed it. It's about a group of people from England who, after retirement, decide to move to India to live. Because it's about older folks there are a few sad moments, but overall it's a really hopeful movie.......such a change to see a movie that doesn't depend on action and special effects, but one that has a realistic story about believable people. And with no sex scenes. Am I alone in thinking that sex scenes, which seem to have become more prevalent in movies, aren't really all that interesting to watch? All that heavy breathing and slobbering in soft focus........some activities are not spectator sports, are they?
The second half of the film takes a Wizard of Oz turn as Gwen's servants accidentally give her twice the tranquilizer they intend to (they need her to go to sleep so they can go out to the theatre), sending Gwen into a feverish coma. There she reimagines her life as a quest narrative, interpolating the people she knows with fanciful creatures and objects. A running trope in the first half of the film had Gwen not quite understanding the metaphors grown-ups use in everyday conversation (one person is "a snake in the grass", her financier father has to "fight the bears" on Wall Street, etc) which is a funny enough joke on its own. But in the dream sequence, those metaphors take on the literality a child would see them with, such that the governess becomes an actual snake in the grass, the butler a silly jackass, the two-faced maid horrifyingly has two faces and Gwen must fight to save her father from the bears. It's clever, totally charming and the dramatic resolution with the father re-establishing his role as father first, moneymaker second (shades of Mary Poppins) is genuinely moving.
We saw some funny European geese in a field, which of course I couldn’t capture well without a zoom lens – but we did get a good look at them through our binoculars. Did you know that if you google “funny European goose,” the Greylag Goose’s wikipedia entry is the top hit? I’m not sure if that’s what they were, but I’m amused anyway.
who had just won a local golf tournament with an excellent score.
Karma
‘I think the Government should certainly not be contemplating opting out of the one EU-wide scheme which gives us the possibility of sending these prisoners home to serve sentences in their own country.’
$80 isn't too shabby for an (almost) new look in the bedroom. Especially considering that I got everything at 50% off by keeping an eye out for deals.
And yes, one of the joint winners was Leslie, the popular Vancouver-based blogger who took the trouble to come all the way to Vancouver International Airport to have breakfast with me in August 2008.
I don't want to get dragged too far into the subject of whether psychics are real or not, but ultimately this kind of unfounded speculation from a single source who has no knowledge of the case can't be helpful, particularly when she's allowed to toss out potentially serious misinformation like this: Carol described the killer she saw as of mixed race, 5ft 11in to 6ft tall and in his early 20sPerhaps it's the mysterious "some Puerto Rican guy" from South Park. Either way, this really feels like tremendous barrel-scraping from a paper content to give a platform to self-promoting bullshit merchants for the sake of keeping voyeurists entertained.
“The timeframe announced today means the first stage of an NDIS will be delivered a full year ahead of the timetable set out by the Productivity Commission,” the Prime Minister said.
From the very first page I was completely sucked into The Space Between. Yovanoff's unique depiction of heaven, hell and places in between was unlike anything else I've ever read -dark, twisted and yet strangely beautiful and compelling. Though I found Daphne to be a somewhat flat character, I couldn't help but find her fascinating. Yovanoff did an excellent job of creating a believable character who is innocent of real human relationships, and knows nothing about the earth or the people who inhabit it. Daphne's ignorance and self-discovery was incredibly compelling and pulled me in up until the very last page.
You know already that you can take a drive to the Grand Canyon. Approximately 2 hours, and 120 miles including 10 (I think they count wrong) of dusty rutted gravel before you top out to some native american hospitality and wonderful views.
like dandelion clocks, what are we left with but our bodies,
Of course, what remains in such a situation of unbelief, is an acceptance of a universe that is less than a full account of how things truly are. The first floor of a two-storey universe is not the same thing as the “one-storey universe” I have described: it is simply a house with the second floor blown off. It is in this sense that I have commented on Christian fundamentalism (one of the primary proponents of the two-storey universe) and contemporary atheism as two-sides of the same coin. Their interminable arguments are a conversation that takes place in half a universe. One argues that there is a second floor while the other argues that the truncated, detached debacle of a first floor is all there is. However, they do not disagree about the fundamentals of the first floor. The daily world (and often the daily life) of a two-storey Christian can be as empty and secular as his atheist counterpart. He differs only in his anxiety to prove the existence of a second floor.
Don't forget to leave a comment on today's post for a chance to win this week's blog candy - the Echo Park "Country Drive" paper pack. See ya again soon!
Bec xx
- Jimmy Miller: choeurs on "Sympathy for the Devil"
It involved some sort of terrible misbehavior but I can't remember what I did.
It’s a big project. It will probably take a few months at least. But, hey, it’s better than sitting around watching Auction Hunters, right?
I’m rambling now. Don’t censor books, urge your kids to read anything and everything. Unless it’s The Bridge to Terabithia, because it’s like for fifth graders, and (spoiler alert) a kid drowns like halfway through when you least expect it, and who needs to be all depressed over a damn book?
and a red masque
The first time I made my matzoh balls flecked with minced parsley, there was a hushed silence around the table. “What is this?” my Dad wanted to know, poking suspiciously at the little matzoh ball culprit. “They’re Springtime Matzoh Balls!” I enthusiastically replied.
He said, Mate I don’t care how you do it you can beg or steel or borrow
1 4oz jar diced pimento
Is enough to make me want to praise you,
It turns out I had to head down the driveway and call out "turkey lurkey, turkey lurkey" I didn't mention the falling sky, but I did feel a little silly.....
Princess Clara, one Friday during errands. Eating lunch at the carwash
I was adopted at the age of 30 years old into the most amazing family ever.
We felt so much joy when Josh responded to commands. He wiggled his toes! He gave our hands a squeeze! He gave a thumbs up! We cheered and cheered when they took the ventilator out! We cheered when we heard his first words! We cheered when he brushed his teeth by himself! We cheered when, with the help of 2 nurses, Josh got out of bed and stood on his own two feet! We cheered when he sat in the chair a full day. We cheered when he didn't have to use the bed pan anymore. We cheered when he didn't have to use the commode anymore. We cheered when they took out his feeding tube. We cheered when they lowered the amount of oxygen he needed. We cheered when his blood pressure stayed stable. We cheered when he took his first steps and made it to the door and back to bed. We cheered even more when he made it to the hall way. We cheered when he was able to sit in the sun! He was in heaven! We cheered when they sent us from the high ICU to the intermediate ICU.
“We’ll split up, you two search back down stream and I’ll search north. She had to come out of the water eventually.”
June 9, 2008 — Casey Anthony and her daughter Caylee move out of Casey’s parents, Cindy and George Anthony’s home, and in with her ex-boyfriend, Ricardo Morales, and friend, Amy Huizenga.
Last weekend mom made (I knew its specially for me!) us the heaviest meal on earth again. Called “Wanton”, sounds “like one-tonne”, I especially like taste made to perfection. Only prepared around 25 minutes before meal time, the result was outstanding again! This time around I managed to capture the whole preparation on my digital camera to share with you.
The Track Record of Peacekeeping
3) I am an empath; I can read people’s thoughts and emotions.
What happened next?
Doesn’t Mutamin tell you anything? We are new recruits, we were scouting the Inn. I’m unarmed, lower your bow!
Wayward Landing is beautiful. I spent a good deal of time just riding around having a nose about and I was very impressed. As always, the screenshots really don’t do it justice. It’s much more impressive in-game.
It is fascinating to watch the process in action. The issues that we argue about are essentially meaningless. Traffic and crime are items on a graph or report to those who do government planning. They are issues to be addressed by regulations and conditional uses restrictions by the Yamhill County Planning Commission.
I really enjoyed Bosworth's debut, and I'm looking forward to reading more from her in the future. She gave me everything I wanted from a dystopian novel - evocative writing, characters I could root for, mysteries I could puzzle over, messages about society to reflect on, a sizzling romance (thank you, I'm here all week) to savour, and a film-worthy climax to race towards - and, of course, a little lightning fix of my own!
Note to self: go back through manuscript and make sure bodies are dead. Really stiff. Pokeable. Maybe oozing.
My heart was overwhelmed.
3. I ran out to our town’s little quilting shop to be met with a sign on the door: Jeannine and her husband Jean are both in a nursing home and the shop may never reopen. I plan to pay them a visit tomorrow. I learned quite a bit from Jean about machine repair. The loss of this shop will be a great loss. In order to complete my errand, I needed to venture to the next town to Walmart. The week before Christmas. I had quite a mental debate with myself about the greater need – but forged on singing along with my radio’s Christmas carols. Thankfully, it was just 10am so that the crowds had not yet descended, though the parking lot was jam packed. There was no line at the registers as I paid for my spray fabric adhesive.
It is amazing to me how many people will not turn to God. They are looking for a feeling or a miracle, totally oblivious to the FACT that Salvation IS a miracle! Trouble is a part of life. God NEVER has said in His word that He would take all of your troubles away when you got saved. Yes, everyone has trouble!
when your time is come;
We ran into each other again after a long time with no contact. We chatted a while about nothing specific and drifted into his admiration of women. We have never been intimate, though I know that he has always adored women, and still does.
Galatians 5:1 Stand fast therefore in the liberty by which Christ has made us free, and do not be entangled again with a yoke of bondage.
Sentences broken, gunshot wound in the breast, cavalry skirmish,
Has something in your history found it's way into your work?
1) Day guard let 6 people into the property without ID, based on the fact they were christians. Specifically Jo Ho's. No ID check. No coming to my door asking if I wanted nutters who believed that their invisible friend in the sky was judging their every action, nothing.
Tara Donovan
I’m a big fan of Yimou but this one misfired for me. I’m recommending it mainly because the man always knows how to make a great-looking movie and this isn’t an exception but be advised that American audiences might have a tough time with the humor and the tone. If you can overlook that, you will find yourself enjoying the movie on purely a visceral level, which isn’t necessarily a bad thing.
Firstly, David invited Sam Brown to sing The Great Gig In The Sky, as she was in town that night to perform with Jools Holland and his Rhythm and Blues Orchestra, at the Trabendo. She performed during the 1st set, just after "The Blue", and probably left the Olympia just after the song, to fulfill her obligations with the Jools Holland band...
Hearing her perspective really weighed heavily on my heart as the days passed and I learned about two people I know who have lost their husbands. Within a week of each other, a family childhood friend of mine and a preschool teacher that took care of both of my sons in Mother's Day Out when they were babies lost their husbands to brain cancer. The childhood friend of mine has 3 young kids with her husband and the youngest is a year old. The preschool teacher has 3 older kids with her husband.
In the very early days of The Traveling Spoon, I went on a virtual journey in search of my culinary ancestry. I told you of my love for Czech dumplings and my passion for German pastries - and I love these things, I really do, but one of the best things about traveling the world is that I've had the chance to taste all kinds of regional cuisines. I've eaten curried goat in Uganda, sampled schnitzel in Bavaria, and drunk the local wine in Spain. No matter where I go, I always find a new dish to love - and one of my Italian favorites is carbonara.
Deborah Lee Luskin is novelist, essayist and educator. She is a regular commentator for Vermont Public Radio, a Visiting Scholar for the Vermont Humanities Council and the author of the award winning novel, Into The Wilderness. For more information, visit her website at www.deborahleeluskin.com
ALL-STAR DETECTIVE in 1941
So I made up a fun game called Go Surf....wherever did I get that name???
There is an outside chance this is not exactly how it happened, however. According to one drunken witness of the events, “Joyce, covered in blue and white facepaint, grabbed a pint glass, bit the top off with his teeth, and shouted ‘Can yer maither sew, pal? Tell her tae stitch this!’”
I'm not a mom by any stretch of the means, but I do nanny for two young preteen girls. I have pulled them off of each other, i get asked a lot of questions about the male anatomy, and their young brutal honesty is not always a treasure. I have to call her at least a couple times a day asking what to do in the situation and her usual response is a laugh while she tells me it's my payback. I find myself doing exactly what I swore i'd never do; being my mother...I always tell them to make good choices. I never found the relevance in her constantly telling us this until I was making bad choices, this also gives my girls ample time to practice their eye rolling. I tell them constantly that God is relentless in his pursuit for you...my little spitfire instantly fired back that i'd just made God sound like a stalker. When my twelve year old is throwing a fit and won't talk, I relish that few minutes because it's absolute silence, i just never knew why my mom seemed so happy when I did it. Unfortunately, for my 13 year old self I am basically my mom incarnate...this is very fortunate for my 22 year old self and my sanity included.
Sidewalk scenes and black limousines
Anything But Entry
In the seven or so years I have been blogging, since July 2006 on WordPress, I have read many law blogs from this country, the United States, Canada, Australia and elsewhere. Some have disappeared, others have survived. Twitter has come along in the last few years, transferring comment on topical issues to some extent from the blogs to the short form 140 character medium of twitter. Some blog for pleasure, others to provide a detailed resource on specialist areas of law, some to analyse and dissect a broader range of legal issues , some to market their firm or practice and a few to rant or take the piss. Legal blogging is a broad church with many aims. (Scots solicitor Brian Inkster, writing on The Time Blawg, considered The Elephant in the #LawBlogs Room and generated 76 comments, some rather terse and blunt.)
How long will you blame God and others, too?
I keep wondering if it is going to take another 9/11 for Americans to wake up to the threat of Islamo-fascism that exists within our very midst? Peter Feaman has written The Next Nightmare: How Political Correctness Will Destroy America ($14.99, Dunham Books, softcover) with a foreword by Congressman Allan West. It is a short read, but it is one that makes clear how the failure to recognize the spread of Islamic fanaticism within the nation continues to pose a threat to our society, noting how the number of mosques has gone from around fifty after World War II to more than 1,200 today and that many, if not most, are centers for radical Islamism, including recruiting efforts inside America’s prison population. How Americans cannot witness the assault by Muslim communities on European nations and not understand that it can and will happen here is suicidal. Put this one on your reading list! Of course, not all Muslims are plotting terrorism and Irshad Manji’s book, Allah, Liberty and Love: The Courage to Reconcile Faith and Freedom ($16.00, Free Press, softcover) reveals how, within Islam, many of its faithful are yearning for a reformation and greater tolerance of other faiths. The author gained notice with her bestselling book, “The Trouble With Islam Today”, and she makes her case for the need for change. She teaches “moral courage” and that is necessary for change from within and for the willingness to speak out against the imposition of Sharia law by terrorism that intimidates its victims and encourages its perpetrators. The United States has had a long history of dealing with the Middle East dating back to President Thomas Jefferson’s decision to respond to attacks on American ships by Barbary pirates (“to the shores of Tripoli”). In 1866, American missionaries founded a small college in Beirut, Lebanon that would later be renamed the American University of Beirut. Under the leadership of four generations of the Bliss and Dodge families, it became an influential institution of higher learning. It’s story is told in American Sheikhs by Brian VanDeMark ($25.00, Prometheus Books). Far more than just a family saga, it is the story of how the university graduated countless leaders, legislators, ambassadors, educators, scientists, doctors and businessmen whose lives and accomplishments played a significant role in the modern history of the Middle East. Anyone who loves to read history will enjoy this book.
The two residents have been living in the 'temporary' accommodation since their eviction at the hands of Moat Housing Association over a year ago, the Council having failed to rehouse them ever since.
And folks dressed up like Eskimos.
almost summer
He looked down at an object between his thigh and the arm of the chair. It must have been what he got from his pocket. He wasn’t even paying attention anymore. I thought that it was silly that I was still coming to see him. My mom had set up my appointments starting when I was 16. She said the doctor was going to help me have happy thoughts. He never did. He just annoyed me. I probably don’t need to talk to him anymore. My mom is dead. No one else cares if I think about rainbows or dead flies.
Firstly, I have a couple of creative classes to recommend (yes, the ones you can do anywhere in the world in your PJ's) - Kerry Bradford's/Jessica Sprague's Getting to Know You class for you Silhouette owners, and Suzi Blu's drawing and texture workshops - start where you like and work your way up, they are all packed with amazing stuff that will keep you inspired and guide you in new creative directions. I must admit, I have formed a new relationship with gesso and texture paste since I last blogged.
Brandon Holstein: Last question here LJ. Where will you be for draft day and who will be watching with you?
Cheap: He always wants to know how much I have paid for things
Something about the nature of his birth did, he believes, give him a soul, as well as a number of strange abilities. He has remained vigilant for over 200 years, waiting for Victor to make his next moves and thwarting him when he can.
Many want to visit the current hot spot or want a great deal. Some people want to visit Rome, Greece, or China because they have fond memories of studying a place in grade school.
Mr. Sensitive is happy with his favorite green shirt (no tags, sealed seams). He is happy to play in the dirt pile, bum shuffling while letting the sand and pebbles sift through his fingers. He is happy to smell unusual things and thinks his baby brother smells like peaches. He is happy to glue and paint and make a ‘swamp’ on the kitchen table. He is happy to do wash dishes and loves the feeling of the aerator hose on his hands. He is happy on the playground swings and asks us to push him higher and faster.
Then it was off to visit the petting zoo. The kids all enjoyed playing with the animals. Khloe wasn't nearly as skeptical this year. In fact, she was a little TOO brave at times! The little goats were my favorite. There are so small and sweet. Except for the three that gave literal meaning to the phrase "butting heads!" LOL!! :)
The Reason article reports that Wegman's supermarkets has already shut down ten of the 32 machines and Walmart has decided to cancel plans to install 23 machines in their stores. Great program, it did not meet its financial objectives, it did not meet its penetration levels as far as getting machines installed, and the installed machines never made their daily quota objective. Strike one, strike two, strike three. Insanity, and millions of dollars wasted.
Welcome to "The Wonderful World of Arthur Kraft". Our blog is a resource for news and information about Kansas City artist Arthur Kraft, including his life, artwork, stories, exhibits and more.
For my second course, I assumed much of the same would occur, and was thusly prepared. Although the course was a discussion of social work’s fundamental principles and theory, I assumed we would engage this theoretical material on multiple levels, and in this regard, I was not wrong. However, the course fast became an unfortunate and uncomfortable lesson on a key concept, one that played out not in controlled learning situations, but in teacher-student dynamics.
Happy Thursday..i hope your day has been lovely..weeks are flying past so quickly and this one was really fastest one..but i had fun in this week too..flying here and there with it too..
235810 Water well drilling contractors
About, of all things, a $5 goat.
Humanity
So I spray painted the top portion white and let it dry completely. Overnight is probably best. Then using painters tape, I covered the painted area and sprayed the bottom portion pink. I let that set a few minutes, then carefully peeled the tape off. Do this slowly so you don't chip the white paint. I stood the bottles upside down overnight to fully dry before bringing them inside.
Here are a few:
The father and his alcoholic friends say, “We’re having fun, aren’t we???”………Are we????
Avery…say your goodbyes and leave the mansion!
The title of this movie is a highly appropriate one for a tale where the paths of all the main characters are continually intersecting in a web of deceit and betrayal, each crossing up the other at the first opportunity. At the centre of it all are three people - Steve Thompson (Burt Lancaster), Anna (Yvonne De Carlo) and Slim Dundee (Dan Duryea) – bound together by an unholy combination of love, lust and greed. The opening shot, with the camera swooping ominously down from the night skies of LA, sees Anna and Steve caught in a clinch in the parking lot of a nightclub. As the lights suddenly pick them out, their startled and guilty reaction indicates that this is an illicit rendezvous. The fact is further underlined by the terse, tense dialogue – this couple is planning something dangerous, and the possibility of discovery holds a terrifying threat for them. Anna is married to local hood Slim Dundee, but she and Steve were once wed too. Their passionate embrace makes it clear that they have rekindled their old relationship, with the flame burning brightest for Steve in particular. And it’s from the point of view of Steve that the story is primarily seen, with the others moving in and out of the picture at various intervals. He’s a classic noir protagonist, a fairly ordinary guy with limited prospects and a blind spot where no-good females are concerned. A lengthy flashback sequence, accompanied by a suitably weary and resigned voiceover by Steve, spells out exactly how the lives of these three characters converged and the complex ties that continue to bind them together. In short, Steve’s job as a guard for an armored car company has led to his conspiring with Dundee to raid one of the secure vehicles. However, in the noir universe there’s no such thing as honour among thieves and everyone has his own hidden agenda. Steve is the only one of the trio whose motives have some semblance of decency – he’s driven by a kind of desperate love for Anna – and the aftermath of the heist shows just how deep the fault lines of treachery run in this uneasy alliance.
I was excited for him to chop my leaves off, too, but he didn't, just slapped the whole thing on the scale and made me pay for seventeen pounds of worthless leaves. When I told him I didn't want the leaves either, he said he only does that for that one elderly woman. It's OK, I know he's lying and just hates me. I'm cool with it.
I excluded all the special interests and lobbyists for a sound reason. They have no legal authority. They have no ability to coerce a senator, a congressman, or a President to do one cotton-picking thing. I don’t care if they offer a politician $1 million dollars in cash. The politician has the power to accept or reject it. No matter what the lobbyist promises, it is the legislator’s responsibility to determine how he votes.
Another New York Times article in February 1949, “Status of the Comic Book”, laid out the entire breadth of comic books and challenged parents to become involved with their children’s reading, emphasizing the many positive attributes of comic books.
Pascal Gebert arranged for us to visit the festival infrastructure and to meet some of the festival organisers. All activities pivot around a beautiful decorated festival tent which is erected in the centre of the town. All the adjacent hotels and venues play supporting roles as locations for intimate performances, VIP areas and after-show parties. The Sunnegga Sessions are particularly innovative – you’re taken on the Sunnegga Express to 2,288m and enjoy drinks and standing buffet by open fires while listening to the likes of James Vincent McMorrow, an up and coming Irish singer songwriter. The entire project is typical of how the Swiss do tourism – take stunning scenery, mix in some quirky, out-of-the-box thinking, rally local support and deliver flawlessly.
is in my top three go to adhesives. I chose it because I make so any unique items that sometimes require some flexibility. Here is a fun fact: This glue was originally created as a book binding glue. It is meant to withstand abuse and time.
A few weeks before the end-of-filming, Paul came back like he’d won the Oscar for best pumper of gas.
Lots of wear around those spindle holes, a much played much-loved record, unfortunately passing through the hands of owners that played but did not take care of their records. These would be the self-same people who welcomed the move to CD to get away from the scratches caused by their lack of care in handling.
Delicious wines.
‘I’ll be straight with you Molly. If you don’t go with the ambulance now, I’ll have to go back to the team and make arrangements to bring in the police. That won’t be nice, will it? For you or for anyone. And all that will happen is the police will take you to hospital instead. So whatever happens, you have to go to hospital. At least this way you can go at your own speed, with these guys, and get treated all the quicker, and be back without any trouble. But the other way is a section. Do you understand, Molly? Which has implications. So what do you say? Hmm?’
When he died, I was given his duty pistol, a Marlin .357 Magnum Lever Action Rifle he used as a “door gun” on his patrol car (passed on to Grandson #1) and a Smith and Wesson “Survival” knife (passed on to Grandson #2). These and the Pistol (passed on to Son-in Law Mr Fixit) were given out on December 26, 2011 as Christmas gifts.
But enough of philosophy, enjoy this amazing movies!
No casualties have been reported.
Tina opened the international design conference as the keynote speaker and in true swissmiss style she gave a presentation that was creative, inspirational, passionate, wise, intuitive and pragmatic.
In the fall of 2008, I was sitting in my office, living what I considered to be a pretty great life. I was single, owned a cute apartment in the East Village, and I was braving New York’s dating scene. I had the best friends in the world and a jam-packed social calendar. I enjoyed my job as an advertising copywriter. But what I really loved were my moonlighting dalliances: exploring bakeries, dessert bars, gelaterias and chocolate boutiques and documenting my delicious discoveries on my “Sweet Freak” blog and column for Metro newspaper and other local magazines and newspapers. You could say my life was good: easy, fun, comfortable.
Sri Aurobindo said that one had to meditate on the mantras to understand their meaning. This is exactly what my Veda Guru’s Guru (Sri anAkAma mAra formerly Sri Padmanabha Aital) also taught her. So though I have been bringing up vedArtha as a lesson option., she has been generally postponing it.
This truffle is 55 euros (around $77). Eeek!
-You may want to have your students write their messages in pencil first and then trace it with marker because once the paper is put into the bottle...it's in there for good!!
I mean things like doing some minimal cooking in the kitchen while he entertains himself in the living room without breaking himself or anything else.
Abera has been an evangelist for thirteen years. In those thirteen years he has a passion to reach the Muslim people, but he wants to go to every unreached people group in his country. He and his wife recounted the history of his missionary career through the times he was beaten.
Or, then again, you could just grab a bent stick or an old clothes hanger and go dowsing, now, couldn't you? You might even find something. It stands to reason. Doesn't it?
For me, 'ATM' is as stupid as a movie as the title suggests. I usually love to watch movies like this, and I like to give them a chance because sometimes you will find a gem. However, I have to say that this film is no gem. It follows three young people who find themselves trapped inside an ATM...vestibule...or whatever you want to call it, while a masked (and jacketed) man stalks them on the outside. This man comes out of nowhere to torment the three friends and he even kills a stranger on the outside. Yet, he won't approach the front of the ATM or attempt to go in. Meanwhile the three amigos sit inside freaking out wondering how they will get out and are concerned they may freeze to death by the time morning hits.
I am using clusters for the petals to give them a little bit of a pointy look. They are really easy and quick to make, and if you don't have three kids clinging on to you all the time, and a part time job you could make a full blanket in a swisch!
The first chapter of The Katana Trilogy: Book One, The Night Itself, printed out right here in my very own Writing Cave on my very own printer. This is the only way you will get to read this chapter for AT LEAST a year.
But now, on to what we did Christmas Day!
Here we are August already and time once again for the Calendar girl challenge...I am a wee bit late in posting as I took in the MN State Fair yesterday with my daughter and didn't get my card scheduled to post....I did have a good time at the fair though....
Speechwriting, as I practised it, was the art of creating impressions in the minds of the listeners. You soon come to realize that no one actually remembers speeches, but everyone remembers the impression a speech made upon them. The other key thing is that you need to create a carrier wave of shared emotion between the speaker and the listeners, which is why speeches contain very few new facts but are full of old ones—especially the beliefs and assumptions that the speaker and listeners have in common.
Stampin' Up has released another great promotion! I just LOVE their products. Discounts is just an added goodie! This month you can join the Stampin' Up family for only $75!!! Included are the following-
April 16, 2012, 10:00 a.m. EDT
10. The results of the PACE Trial may mean that patients who have genuine ME as opposed to chronic “fatigue” will continue to be denied appropriate investigation and treatment; they may be deprived of State benefits necessary for survival; their insurance claims may be rejected, and they will be condemned to an even lower quality of life.
Joyce Walder’s words moved me to tears—a tough thing to do when you already know the story. With the images from Japan so fresh in our minds, it is easy to imagine poor Karina walking around the mud pit that used to be her beautiful home. One needs the strength of a supernatural being to get through that, but to me, her chutzpah during her three-year struggle to rebuild awes me more. The crises in her career, marriage, and a hideously long commute in a broken New Orleans is the sort of tortuous agony that the day-to-day marathon of strength really is needed.
Well, the first Monday we can give out a vegetarian menu for the week/month. The second Monday, we can review a vegetarian book (with a recipe thrown in for good measure). Third Monday might be a guest blogger who talks about vegetarianism or something related to it. Fourth Monday might be the health benefits of meatless meals with the accomanying recipes. You can keep doing this til the cows…oops…flowers…nah, cows come home.
It was on sale, so I grabbed a yard thinking I would quickly make her a pillow case.
Yes that's a real bunny!
posted by Tommy at
Alone, shall come fulfillment to our dreams
Although she earned a reputation for being difficult to work with, Bette set a new precedent for women. By 1942, she was the highest paid woman in America. Bette contributed to the war effort by helping to organize the Hollywood Canteen during World War II for soldiers passing through Los Angeles. "There are few accomplishments in my life that I am sincerely proud of. The Hollywood Canteen is one of them," Bette later commented. In 1980, she was awarded the Distinguished Civilian Service Medal, the Defense Department's highest civilian award, for running the Hollywood Canteen.
“For achieving the object of the conspiracy, that is terminating the pregnancy, assistance of a doctor was required.
Now it isn't everyday that I fill my food processor with kibble, but a mom's gotta do what a mom's gotta do. I diligently added just the right amount of water, creating a dough-like consistency, formed a few dozen biscuits, and sent them off into a 350 degree oven.
Anyway, one morning I got up, carried out my ablutions, dressed, prepared my lunch, stuck on my hat and coat and headed off to work. It was a day like any other day. Probably wasn’t even a Tuesday. (If you’ve read my first novel you’ll get the joke.) As I crossed the footbridge, out of nowhere—okay, not exactly out of nowhere, out of the dark recesses of my mind—came the following sentence:
Then there are the writing topics which focus on your family. As teachers are naturally curious, with slight voyeuristic tendencies, they enjoy reading about other people’s private lives.
We found the following silent movie to be very informative. It tells about mould growth and the conditions that would encourage that. The most fascinating part for us is to see the individual mould spores shown under the microscope, which we could not see using the magnifying glass:
Now that we have this understanding of how thoughts get into our brains and affect our behavior and ultimately our lives, let us re-visit the affirmation definition from above: a sentence that we stick into our brain.
1 lb. of baby artichokes (the fresh kind from the farmer’s market)
The trees are putting on quite a show right now. They are so pretty with all their blooms. Since we've gotten some rain, there is a lot of green stuff covering the ground. It's mostly weeds but they are putting on a show of their own.
April 4th: Pray for the beautiful girls living in the Punukula home. Pray for them as they finish school, as they are witnesses in their neighborhood, and for their future husbands.
just around the corner.
However, that got me thinking. Unless we men are somehow more naturally attuned to our chest sizes we are just as likely to be wearing shirts that do not fit properly. (It is, of course, just possible that we are more attuned; apparently men are more likely to notice both male and female chest sizes than our female counterparts.)
HOTmilk has also launched a line of camisoles. I am very happy (and a little jealous) to announce that one lucky winner will win the "Sweet Reminiscence" camisole and brief (as featured in the February issue of Pregnancy and Newborn magazine).
1 tsp vanilla or other flavoring
Hard as it may be, you may have to excuse yourself from the family. Just because someone needs care, doesn’t mean you have to expose yourself to bad behavior by others. This is not easy. But think of the family member who needs the care…they need calm rather than commotion. You may have to make peace with your role in this person’s life in your own way. Explore with a spiritual director, your pastor or best friend just how you can honor your loved one while taking care of yourself.
Due to weather and other work commitments, I’ve had it for nearly a week but haven’t had chance to have a go with it as of yet. With exception to a few clicked off tonight, just to say I’ve had a go!
Conducted analysis of client feedback data-gathering tools; made recommendations; responsible for data-quality and database management of client information
I made a few changes in the recipe: I added Montreal seasoning, substituted button mushrooms for cremini, since the grocery store had none; and, I added a tablespoon of balsamic vinegar to enhance the flavor of the mushrooms. The recipe called for ½ cup of barley. We really like barley, so I upped it to 1 cup for a thicker full-bodied soup.
I have the greatest Mother In Law in the world. She is in my Top 3 most favorite people on the planet group. She is so cute and stylish and encouraging and beyond supportive and absolutely hysterical. Her birthday was in the middle of April and I decided that instead of getting her a bunch of smallish things I would wait and get something GREAT when I found it.
Pins
saffron threads a pinch
Have you done a fun birthday party?? Leave me a link - I'd love to check it out!!
It is so hard to believe that I am counting down instead of up now. For example, I say, ” only 9 more weeks to go!” instead of saying I am 31 weeks.
17. Salem
"No one seems to be capable of seeing the full depth of the concierge's brilliant and twisted mind. Those who surface his dark mind are unable to deal with it. Those who ignore him are affected by his wickedness too. This is a film about the impossibility of happiness, or at least happiness in a conventional way. It was a treat to the senses to see how the protagonist's mother suffers with what his son tells her, and to see the old neighbour being psychologically dissected, till there's no illusion on her pathetic solitary existence. Raw and mean, accurate on life's complexities, this is a superior film in terms of acting, direction and superb script. Luis Tosar is the superman, who never sleeps, and whose obsession feeds him and fills the emptiness of a life."
Now anyone who has read a goodly number of Ruth Rendells will not be overly surprised by how the plot pans out and the last two-thirds of the book don’t hold any tremendous surprises but what kept my interest is that none of the protagonists are any less than fully-fledged characters, not a fleck of cardboard anywhere in sight. Everyone behaves in a believable way based on what they know or – more importantly – what they surmise: not all clues lead to the evidence one might expect. Betrayals of all kinds are explored, both real and imaginary and don’t jump to the conclusion that it’s Jonas that gets it wrong; that would be too easy – yes, blame the crazy guy – because they’re all inside emotional straightjackets. Let me illustrate:
Many moons ago, our family took a trip to Israel. I was seven at the time and very much a seven-year-old. Anyways, I will skip tales of that and go to the bus driver. Our trip was the year before the Yom Kippur War and as such, had Jewish control over many areas and Arab control over others. For the bus driver to go from the Jewish side to the Arab side, he was forced to go into a booth and have a strip-search. We didn’t see this procedure, of course, but the description did get passed through the bus as we were waiting for our driver to return. Why strip search? To provide humiliation, to force the impression that your enemy is the one in control, to give the false impression of security while providing none of the same. It has occurred to me that this is exactly the mission of the TSA. To provide humiliation of the population who want to fly while exempting those in government office, to make our lives as miserable as possible in violation of constitutional rights (4th and 5th amendments) to provide a false sense of security which doesn’t actually exist. This is to put into life experience the impression that government is in control, not the citizen, the inverse of our founders. Show me a flight saved by the TSA. I know of three that were saved by the passengers. We as passengers value our own hide. I will do my own profiling, thank you very much. And the TSA can be disbanded.
I went to the bathroom to look at them in the mirror, but in the mirror they were only white bones in the shape of wings, held up and out by pink strands of things I think you call “ligaments”, and larger, darker pink things I think are muscles.
13 Marc Almond - My Fire
Thanks again to each and everyone of you, for helping to make it the best year ever.
"When parts of my heart or life don't measure up to my expectations, I tend to hide them. But what if someone would be blessed by what I have to share and they miss out because I hide it?"
And this tutorial that Brett at Manhattan Craft Room on covering the lamp cord is genius! I do love the way she did it and would never have thought of it myself...
As mentioned previously the building is not popular. There is a tendency for when there is no purpose or solution for a building for it to become an icon. As it suddenly gives it meaning, but what would St Peters be an icon for? Why would Scotland want a poor example of an unfavourable architectural movement to represent their nation?
BF: “If you don’t do it, next it’s Mount Fuji.”
Hamersmith Palais de Dance, Badinage, My Crepe Suzette.
Life is not a free ride! This is a true statement! As it is true that all of us would love to have somebody to do all for us, pay for all, organise stuff for us and so on. Thus the Lord created this world, originally, to be a free ride world, we messed it up. It is easy to blame Adam and Eve, the previous generations, our parents, our spouses and who knows whom. Adam and Eve had a choice and chose wrongly. The same applies for all of us. Do you remember what happened back in the Garden of Eden?
– an enormous master suite with fireplace, boudoir, custom-fitted dressing room amd two additional walk-in closets, plus a large bathroom.
Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) when there are ways to increase utilisation of existing runways.
potatoes, dig only what you need, leave them in the ground...
What the? Such a sebang of gaggle faggle spewed all over mainstream television!?
In working class neighborhoods of Athens, Golden Dawn has been quietly building itself up as a friendly, reliable face among hard-hit Greeks that the state has failed to help.
as we converse in wild passion.
December 31, 2011 Saturday
That means we have also been without internet.
We ate salmon salad, salmon mousse, and salmon cakes!
18.07.08 US New York City, Joe's Pub
But…
Theme: Kubrick. Blog at WordPress.com.
Now they arent cheap, but they are VERY reasonable, $40 coats, $30 shoes, $8-29 tops, its a gals dream :)
SINGLETON
What brings out your creativity?
what you had to do, and began,
(I know fucking everything - EVERYTHING - in case you were wondering if that question was rhetorical or not. IT WAS.)
Edited to add: I just left a voice mail for the prosecutor asking for information about what is going on with the case. Hopefully he'll call me back.
MEMORIALS
Lemington Staithes and Lemington Point were the termination of many coal wagonways including the Wylam and Wallbottle wagonways. The coal was delivered to the staithes and then dropped into the many waiting Keel boats to take it out to the collier ships anchored in the River Tyne.
Malaysiakini today reported that more than 100 journalists covering the ongoing Parliamentary sitting are staging a boycott after the Parliament administration restricted media access to the lobby, and barricaded the area. The journalists were outraged and stunned by the latest ruling which resulted in the entire lobby being cordoned off, apparently on security grounds. (Picture from Malaysiakini)
73. When yuh dead yuh nah sabee, and when yuh sabee yuh dead. You spend a lifetime trying to acquire knowledge and understanding, and when it seems that all has been grasped, life ends.
It’s a gripping story, really. And one that my words can never — should never — do it justice.
09 Undercover Angel
'A month ago a new rule was brought in that the residents were no longer allowed to have the bed sides up. The family were not made aware of this. 'About a week-and-a-half before her fall we spotted her sides were down and we complained. But they dismissed our concerns - then this happens. 'We think this is stupid and may cause elderly people to be put at risk. Our grandmother had a hell of a fall.'
The Brethren of the White Robe have detained Tommy Hansen, or the clone claiming to be Hansen, tech guy for Project Camelot, as the responsible party for the abduction and cloning of Kerry Cassidy. He has been feeding the Cabal information on her movements all along.
