He's back, and this post had me giggling. The Beer Brotha is a pisser...and some of the rest of us take ourselves way too serious. Do not MOCK THE GODS!!!!
This act struck a chord with the people of Sidi Bouzid. In most Arab countries, corruption, injustice and oppression had been the norm for decades. Residents of Sidi Bouzid began protesting on the streets, raising their voices for dignity and justice. Despite a crackdown by the Tunisian government on the demonstrations, other Tunisians in other cities heard the call. The movement spread like wildfire via Facebook and Twitter. By the time Bouazizi died on Jan. 4, 2011, the demonstrations had nearly reached Tunis.
At this point, I was hot, I was cranky, there were SO MANY PEOPLE all over the place, it was hard to weave in and out of them all and it wasn’t even race day yet! I took a deep breathe, used my elbows, and muscled my way through the expo to the very back of the hall to find our numbers…
but there's nothing like a hot summer day to grill some
eggwhites until soft peaks form. Then gradually add sugar.
As a reminder, the complete list of participating schools and programs can be found at http://careers.uw.edu/Students/Health-Fair – and now, the Health Fair Guide can also be accessed via that link. The Health Fair Guide provides further information on each attending school or program, and is a great resource for students and alumni planning to attend the Fair.
The ride back was more interesting than the day before. The weather cleared. There were sightings of some dall sheep far in the distance. We saw that grizzly bear that was still sleeping on a caribou carcass. Apparently a bunch of wolves killed a caribou. However, one grizzly bear got hold of the kill and took it from the wolves. He then proceeded eating the meat. He couldn’t, however, eat all of it at one set – a body can only absorb food at certain rate. So in order not to give up the precious protein he just slept right on the carcass. The driver said that he’s been doing this for a couple of days already.
Of course, the early '90s were a heady time for the Western world, one in which many celebrated the end of the Cold War as well as a new image — however premature and, ultimately, naive — of a more unified global community. In other words, a perfect subject for a sound and light show.
Hmmm I really wasn't wanting to add throw up on a workmate to my list of what not to do's
At one point, a cool looking chick with blue hair came upon the scene, and we bellowed our request that she identify. She did so, the knowing boy provided additional details, and we turned back to our bevs as we were wont to do. Then she turned to him and said: "Mom said to get out of the pool."
118) 2 days paid work for hubby,
In Xlibris’ publishing guide, available to download from their site, they state that, “you are entitled to a 100% refund at any time throughout the production process.” This clause has started to become more the norm with POD publisher contracts in the past few years, but a word of warning. The refund generally covers the period prior to the author’s final file proof approval, and not thereafter.
I'll now take some questions.
It is Friday night- and I am going nowhere. But I have invited an American encounter to my little apartment. His name is Hercules Double IPA, arriving in Oslo via the Copenhagen beer specialty shop Høkeren all the way from Denver, Colorado. From the Great Divide Brewing Company, to be more precise.
IV. IBM would work for the customer and deliver the performance the customer wanted.
A lot of mainframe DB2 people still have a lot to learn about native SQL procedures. On Tuesday, I delivered a presentation on DB2 for z/OS stored procedures. During that hour I spent a lot of time talking about native SQL procedures, and some related questions that I got from a session attendee were illuminating. Native SQL procedures, by the way, were introduced with DB2 9 in new-function mode (I blogged about them a few years ago, when DB2 9 was new and I was working as an independent DB2 consultant). The functionality enables the development of stored procedures that are written entirely in SQL, and unlike external SQL procedures (introduced with DB2 Version 7), which are turned into C language programs that run in a stored procedure address space, native SQL procedures run in the DB2 database services address space and have no associated external-to-DB2 executable. Anyway, the aforementioned session attendee asked me about deployment of native SQL procedures from one DB2 environment to another (e.g., from test to production). My answer didn't quite hit the mark, and the question was asked again in a slightly different form. We went back and forth in this way for a while, until the session attendee finally asked, "With native SQL procedures, there's just one 'piece', right?" Right.
Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and Drug Free Workplace!
Ideally, I’d like to teach in Hong Kong for 2 years, teach in China for another year, and then come back to San Diego to get my teaching credential to teach Kindergarten. I wouldn’t mind staying abroad for even longer though, depending on how things go.
Efforts were exerted by complainant to see respondent but her efforts proved to be futile. Several demand letters were sent to the respondent by Atty. Ernesto Jacinto, complainant’s lawyer, but these letters also failed to elicit any response. A criminal complaint for violation of Batas Pambansa Blg. 22 was filed with the Office of the Prosecutor of Quezon City for Check No. 035073. Finding probable cause, the complaint was subsequently elevated to the Metropolitan Trial Court. A warrant of arrest was issued by the court, but respondent somehow succeeded in evading apprehension. Sometime in November 2000, respondent went to the house of complainant and promised to pay the checks within a month’s time. Complainant agreed to have the service of the warrant of arrest withheld but, again, respondent failed to make good his promise.
Our two boys are excited. Another play mate.
Carter: At the time of his re-election campaign his approval ratings was below 30% and a majority of Americans felt that America was on the wrong track.
Why is it a big deal? Well look at it, you’ve all seen enough Samurai movies
“Yes, FIVE... I've got loads of drugs!” I quipped, milking it and standing basking in my own idiotic cleverness.
The Scottish Government consultation sets out the proposals for the question to be asked and the rules governing the campaign and the vote. A draft Referendum Bill is set out as an appendix to the document. The consultation seeks views on a number of issues, including what the ballot paper should say, what spending limits should be set on campaign groups and how the referendum should be managed and regulated. It also sets out the timetable for parliamentary and public debate. Responses to this consultation will be used to inform the further development of the bill before it is debated in the Scottish Parliament during 2013.
The backing is from Lecien fabrics, The binding is a Tanya Whelan stripy fabric. I added a pin dot fabric from Robert Kaufman as a border and used simple straight stitch machine quilting 1/4" from all seams.
13. VI Words fail!
CS AND PAPERS: Card-stock and design paper: Design-papers are from Maja Design + Magnolia (Butterfly's) and the card-stock is from Bazzil.
coriander fresh and 1/2 tsp ground
Today I logged onto my computer and found a sticky document labeled "TO DO LIST."
Hello everyone! Hope you've been having a great week. Things remain very quiet here on the crafting front so I thought it was time for a return of my 'blast from past' posts! I thought I would share a selection of the cross stitched pictures I've made over the years. First up, wedding samplers! I think overall I've made at least seven, if not more! The one above was for my friend's Anna and Kavan who got married in 2009. I also stitched the same design for another friend a year or so later. It's a fab modern design and a fairly quick stitch too!
Being that I choose to utilize the Weight Watchers Points+ system to manage my weight loss this is the tool that I rely on to assist me in keeping things in order.
Now I am certainly not advocating that you do nothing to change your lives. If you have the willpower and the strength to actually see out your convictions, then I truly applaud you, I honestly do. It really takes something special to be able to follow through like that.
(Prior to serving, Grill or Saute' a couple 3 Scallops per bowl brushed with Butter on an indoor grill or saute' pan.)
Sleek and efficient smaller canning lines soon followed, thanks not only to the pioneering, niche-defining entrepreneurial efforts of Oskar Blues, but as importantly, to the active intervention of the Ball Corporation and Cask Brewing Systems.
Speaking of the 1/2 marathon, American Dathan Ritzenhein continued his amazing 2009 with a Bronze Medal at the World 1/2 Marathon Champs (also on Sunday). Eritrean Zersenay Tadese won his 4th straight title in 59:35 while Kenya's Bernard Kipyego edged out Dathan for the silver 59:59 to 60:00. Another amazing performance in what has been a career year for Dathan Ritzenhein.
Lieber acknowledged that he wasn’t part of that decision-making four years ago, but would search for the analysis and provide it to Brodsky. While he couldn’t immediately explain the total value of the discount, later--after receiving communication via BlackBerry--he estimated the discount at $200 million.
Chisora was detained at Munich Airport on Sunday morning for questioning.
Sorry I haven't been reading and commenting lately.
since I'm not doing that so often lately
Jimmy has found two girls in overcoats and flat caps. He claims they're called Bill and Ben. One of them switches between broadly beaming and grimacing vaguely menacingly. In his mind this all makes perfect sense. Those who are playing along with the script at home will spot this isn't Leo Sayer or Mike Nesmith, it seems they assumed this would be number one by now and when it wasn't chose to throw this straightforward singing with occasional overlaid shots from side angles video in here instead.
2. Make a really big deal about how important it is for kids to get physical activity, and then force him to sit still for 95% of the school day. *extra credit for giving excessive homework, leading to more forced sitting: 1 point for each hour
Smokers stop sighing
Red chilli powder – 2 teaspoons
Fly a fantasy...
I carried on a text message conversation last Saturday morning for at least a half hour while basically asleep. I picked up my phone later that day to text that person back and saw an entire conversation that I did NOT remember having. And then I looked at the date. And then the time. And then I vaguely remembered hearing my phone go off that morning and answering at least one text...but the rest of the conversation? How in the heck did it get there? And why does it make sense?
I posted last on June 23rd, the way that the rest of that day which will forever be significant to me...week... month has progressed is largely to blame for my HUGE lack of focus because at the time of that post I had been on track and was down about 30 pounds. The plan is to again try to post as often as possible on my blog, finding time to post will be a tad on the rough side but this blog is a huge part of why my weight loss to date has been successful, my tenacity and raw willpower plays a big part too but honestly I find that posting for anyone to see where I am at with my success/failures helps to keep me motivated.
Pan's Labyrinth
Customer care manager -110066389
He deals the cards as a meditation
- 65 g butter
I've been following this discussion on the internet with great interest, since YA author Hannah Moskowitz posted about it. I think she made some great points -- YA does provide a lot more content for girls than boys. Really, she's not lying about that.
Feel free to comment.
Oppression is certainly occurring – but it’s coming from a politically organized and unconstrained gay activists and it’s against Christians.
Thorne Smith
Firstly - I've never touched other drugs, with one exception being a puff of a spliff. I didn't get any real affects from it that I could tell, and I thought it tasted foul. Whilst my friends would puff and share, I'd prefer a couple of beers.
Hope Easter blessings were showered on each of you and those dearest to your heart. My day was as magic as the weather was beautiful. We had a smaller group than usual for the noon meal, but totaled a nice number with those who dropped in later; There were 27 of us at lunch time with a grand total of 57. If anyone wants to dispute my calculations we will start with the statement “This is my story and I am sticking to it”!!!
Find something to do with you spare time besides killing time. You do not have to go in debt or play keep up with the Joneses to make a difference. Remember, some people are born rich, and some people are handed power and fame on a platter; it is silly for the rest of us to measure ourselves against other people if we do not know how they got there. You can volunteer at any local church or charity or school. You can start a block club! You can make a difference just by getting involved. Or you can say, “Why Bother?” You will learn and see first hand you can make a difference, not matter how big or small. Getting involved puts you ahead of the people who sit back and complain, in my book!
know through him –
So my birthday was last week (same as Rachel Zoe's i was not surprised but extremely happy to find out) and I had my best friends wedding over the weekend - which was effing amazing in every way, will post pics as soon as i get them. So, I did such a good job hitting bottom, folks. I mean, i'm terrific at hitting bottom.
Mix all ingredients and stir until color is even throughout. Spoon into airtight containers. Makes about 2 1/3 cups.
So much for Miss Independent . . .
Fold one end over and attach it to the bar wrapper so it has an anchor point and won't move all around as your wrapping it. Basically from this point just wrap it and seal the edges with regular tape...you won't see it after the wrapper added, so don't worry about perfection here :)
I don’t know why these apostles of Satan always insist on speaking in Ye Olde English. I suspect it’s an attempt to match the language of the Bible – keeping up with the Jehovahs as it were. Nevertheless, I decided to get out of bed and comply with her request. She was pointing inside the bathroom, so I thought I’d better check it for spiders.
After an unscheduled week off, we're declaring Texas independence from high prices with another round of Austin's top supermarket deals.
I heard about the competition last year in Managerial Accounting when a representative came in to distribute flyers. At that time, I had the up-and-coming athletic training apparel brand Warwear and immediately wanted to get exposure via the competition; and the added bonus of a little competitive flare with Kevin Plank. We were in the early stages of Run For Your Lives but knew that Reed Street Productions may become the better choice because of its tremendous growth and attention.
Mental illness sufferers do have community support groups, and Brian attends one that meets bimonthly. He doesn't say much about it, but I'm glad that he is going. Not all groups are created equal, of course, so finding one that works for you is important, but they are definitely a useful tool in your coping skills toolbox.
One editor has recently been advising that I look to the structure of Heart of Darkness when composing my articles. His advice is timely; for the past few months, I've been considering re-visiting or even introducing myself to various classic authors.
Because it’s a little late in the day (and I really need to finish up a client manuscript read), let’s start with something simple.
In the lexicon of computer hardware, a bus is connected to the motherboard — the foundation of any computing system. Ranadivé brought that idea to software: If all the physical components of a computer have a single hub, why not all the information floating through the software? Instead of a traditional hardware bus, an information bus. That’s what the Tib in Tibco stands for: “the information bus.” The company plucks seemingly disparate bits of data, often in real time — as opposed to “batch processing” at the end of the day, month, quarter — and makes them work with a singular purpose.
To be fair, the fashion throwback has come a long way. Garish synthetic has been bumped for butter soft leathers in hues that waft like an air of discretion. My All Saints purchase seemed tailor-made for perambulating around Rome’s ‘centro storico’ – or so I thought.
Improvise, improvise. If there would be a banner out there expounding on this subject, today I would be wearing it!! I am not at home and this is not my kitchen. Think, Schnitzel, think!! I had enough apricots for two batches, and dear, patient, Tom, told me to make one batch at a time. Okay, I did that and froze two batches.
Willow and grapevine branches are abundant in my backyard, so they were the lucky chosen. The great news.. they are both very pliable to move in whatever shape you desire! And that was critical for what I had in mind.
Brilliance! That is what this film has always been to me. It had controversy surrounding it when it was made and released, but time resolves these issues. Films that take chances and tackle some explicit subject matter often polarize audiences, but all I ever saw from this was a hell of an entertaining, genius piece of cinema. A true twisted classic that introduced me to one of my favorite actors of all time.
Ron Paul newsletter!
We’re introduced to Humphrey Bogart, playing a retired army colonel and on a bus to the Florida keys on the off season (ie the time of year with the massive hurricanes winds and makes my windy, wet university in Wales seem positively benign). Once he reaches his old friend’s hotel we meet these distinctly gangster looking gangsters who get into a rather threatening if perfectly polite battle of words with Bogart. This war of words gives the impression of Bogart being someone you don’t want to mess with. He’s slow to anger but when angry you fear him. We are then introduced to one off the most interesting characters of the movie: a drunken gangster moll who is now old, drunk and not too pretty but nonetheless has feelings. We finally see the purpose of his appearance, which is to talk to the old owner of the hotel, a wheelchair bound friendly cripple beloved of his Florida community and his daughter in law, played by the pretty Lauran Bacall.
What the hand dare seize the fire?
I rest against the soft walls and listen to the screaming begin.
People Watching
added a stick on 2 layered butterfly in yellow and black, glued 3 different sized,
the human resources department can be a little slow. So, it may be necessary to offer some gentle reminders that you still exist. No need to stalk them. Ensure that you take note of how much time each step in the hiring process takes. If they tell you that they will make a decision in a week, don't call them after 3 days. But then again, if they tell you a week and it is going on a month-you should have called 3 weeks ago.
Unworthiness, an empty feeling,
from my wallet the way I left my
The last year or so I have taken a lot of time to get to know "me" to figure out who I am and what I want my life to be like and I've worked really hard to make the changes that I feel are necessary to have the life I've always dreamed of. Am I there yet? Heck no, but that's okay. The journey is all a part of it. But I can't tell you how truly good it feels to just be me. All the time. No matter who is around or what I am doing. This is me, take it or leave it. And that feels so. darn. good.
Besides “The Trapezoid”, what other kinds of rookie knitter mistakes have you made or seen? I’d love to hear more stories of being bad before you became good at knitting.
Level 13: Weapon ATT: +13, Accuracy: +5%, Proc Rate: 52%, Deals 199% damage 2 times.
And of course, it didn't last forever. It was a "sacrifice" I was more than happy to make for a year for my sweet girl. It was only temporary.
So, maybe, things are moving in the right direction, albeit slowly, and maybe there is hope, that the United States, one day, will move away from the present dubious company of China, Iran, North Korea, and other undemocratic countries, where the death penalty is actively used against their citizens.
"We will see what can be done," said Telenstil. "For now there are others, my companions, who we must rejoin. Then we can speak and discuss how to help your friends."
The paradox most strikingly explored by the novel is that the very (allegedly foundational) categories of Hinduism and Islam that were the basis of Partition proved powerless, despite their scriptural emphasis on peace and justice, to stop the cataclysms of violence visited by each side upon the other. People of both sides looted, killed and raped, “all in the name of God”, as one character sorrowfully observes.
I used a lot of dark colors on this page since I was feeling kind of dark when I made this. The background paper on the top is an old textbook and I used my copic ABS to spray the page and then doodled a bit on the top using a Unibal white pen.
Favorite Other Things: the olloclip, Instagram, 5&ADIME, THE CON CO, Stitcher, Comic-Con, seeing Godspeed You! Black Emperor, Disneyland, shows at small places, walking, CLARKS WEAVER LOW, friends, family, youth.
It's much like working out; if I schedule it and set aside time, it gets done.
I hope we’ll get to see some 7 day yields in the post-Hulkageddon time frame to see how much ore high sec miners will be pulling in when the threat of gank has been (mostly) removed.
I became fixated on how I could do this. I had seen my hair in its natural state, when I was a teenager, and thought that if I studied and applied the same techniques as these women, I could manage it and have long, natural hair too.
Art Journey is the most specialised but above all the cosiest (online) StampStore in Holland. The Website has 3 different languages and so therefore is accessible for everyone. Service and quality are very important to Louisse for her store. Visit the online webstore through http://www.artjourney.nl and you will see lots and lots of yummie stuff that we crafters really really need (LOL).
Pain pills make me ill sometimes. Today was one of those times, and so I went back to bed.
but abrogation of the law. Abrogate means to abolish by authoritative
Then Dan M came in with a diatribe of ugly, and most un-Christian comments about the post and my remarks:
Finally, I would have it understood as my kind and faithful advice that, if it comes to the point of war against the Turk, we shall arm and prepare, and not hold the Turk too cheap, acting as we Germans usually do, and coming on the field with twenty or thirty thousand men. And even though a success is granted us and we win a victory, we have no staying-power, but sit down again and carouse until another necessity arises. To be sure, I am not qualified to give instruction on this point, and they themselves know, or ought to know, more about it than I, nevertheless, when I see people acting so childishly, I must think either that the princes and our Germans do not know or believe the strength and power of the Turk, or have no serious purpose to fight against the Turk, but just as the pope has robbed Germany of money under the pretense of the Turkish war and by indulgences, so they, too, following the pope’s example, would swindle us out of money.
The downfall of self-publishing is that you no longer have the benefit of a publisher. This means that after you finish all of the writing, editing, and fine-tuning, you now have to do all of the marketing, promoting, advertising, selling, distributing, and all other –ings associated with book sales. This large amount of hard work involved normally means that it is hard to make money off of self-publishing. You may get to make more per book—since all profits go straight into your pocket instead of just small royalties—but normally you end up selling less books or spending all of your time marketing instead of writing.
“All he does at night is lie on his back and snore like that hippo we saw in the swamp!” she exclaimed. “Could you put something in his coffee, GB? This is supposed to be our second honeymoon!”
And no, don't anybody... ANBODY... DARE say "Well, all that stuff is exer..." I WILL come find you so I can EAT YOUR LUNCH AND MINE! And speaking of lunch...
in which case i will be taking a few trips home - at least we all hope…
UPDATE: As this is my most popular post, I thought I would update it with more photographs that seem to titillate.
6. Playful Learning: Develop Your Child's Sense of Joy and Wonder by Mariah Bruehl (For June-perfect for summer learning) The pictures are great, and I've already flipped through and skimmed through some of it.
Not only does the Patent contain the conceptual information on the Inerter, but also detailed cross sections. I have simplified these to explain the Inerters construction. LRGP have been able to condense the entire solution into a single self contained component, which fits into the same volume as the conventional Inerter.
lash out from history’s hungry hunts.
Harmonies/Duets - The Beatles: RB added this altered amore to achieve the bold added authentic to the Beatles' music, and Blooming Day: RB will backpack it on, but there are several songs in the Bedrock Bandage library that could annual from a multi-vocal option. Songs like Linkin Park's One Footfall Closer, Gorillaz' Clint Eastwood, and Evanescence's Accompany Me to Life, just to name a few, were all recorded with two vocalists, one singing and one rapping. Assorted choir could aswell achieve artists like The B-52s added attainable to the game.
If you think about all the encounters we have every single day, it would actually be really strange if there weren’t any coincidences.
I was lookin' back to see if you were lookin' back at me
"Already asked him. He told me to bleep my bleep with a bleeping bleep. Jerk."
Here is what I found best helped me. AND just to be clear, I am in no way a counselor! Some of my suggestions may not work for you depending on the relationship you had with your parent.
The third–well, fourth if you the count the brief exchange she has with her husband–scene to feature our beloved sex fiend takes place at the dingy Cavalier Hotel and shows Alexandra Delli Colli's Jane being to tied a bed by the three-fingered individual who is, get this, apparently Greek. Stroking her stockings with his good hand, the jean jacket-wearing gigolo (yep, Jane is actually paying to have this done to her) gropes her to the point of carnal madness.
I was going to wait til 11:25
“That’s a really good idea,” said Jim.
SMFP – I know. This one seems obvious. Any thinking person would interpret SMFP to mean, “Someone Made Farty Pee” at first glance. However, I’d like it to stand for something else. I’d like it to stand for: “Sweet Mother For President.” Now, I don’t ever want to run for president, but I do like the sentiment. So, if you ever happen to like anything I say here – on this blog or out there in the real world – you can simply comment with SMFP in the comments section and save yourself from thinking for the day.
my veins.
You'll have noticed that I keep my stash in colours and that's mainly an organisational thing so I know where everything is as none of my stash is particularly accessible!! (My Mum will be impressed with how tidy that is, as I'm not a particularly tidy person!! Hehe)
This was a project I signed up for in Linda Levine's group, qualitydecos. She simply named the project 'treasure book' and didn't give much direction after that other than to say it was to be a book of some kind with its theme being 'treasures.' We were free to interpret it any way we wished. I knew the intended recipient liked vintage style so I focused on that as well. Then, I decided I would go back to my love of making accordian, pocketed books and make one for this challenge. After making the book itself, I decided to take my time finding/making the art work to embellish the book, tags, trinkets, and create the textured layers to add to it. I let it sit in my art room for a couple of weeks and didn't rush it. Each day, when I'd look at it slowly and carefully, I'd see it in a new way, which resulted in my adding a little here, a little there or taking away a little here, a little there. This is not my usual way of making art, for sure! Not that I rush things, but I usually have a completed image in mind of what I intend to do before I start a piece, and then, I complete it. By the time the deadline arrived, I was finished with the book and, to my surprise, it was hard to let it go---I'd really become attached to it--- but off it went to my assigned partner. When she received it, she emailed me this message:
- what foods contain carbs?
Starring: Vidya Balan, Parambrata Chatterjee, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Saswata Chatterjee
During the elementary school years.
The nice Virgin lady tells me they have no villas left for rent, no 3, 4 or 5 bed villas. I ask for a quote for flights.
Almost Friday, TG.
Now, if you want to crunch the numbers, consider four minutes of arc – that is frequently quoted as the distance we can detect with our naked eye. So, for example, two stars that are four minutes of arc apart and the same brightness we could split without optical aid. So why is it obvious the Moon is bigger when it’s a difference of just four minutes? Remember that with the Moon we’re citing a diameter, but what we see is an area. The area turns out to be 16.75 squared time 3.14 = 881 vs 14.7 square C 3.14=679 – a factor of 202 – nearly one fourth! So if you calculate the area of the Moon’s disk visible to us when nearest and when farthest away the difference is significant!
"It's just a possibility," she said. "You should check your blankets and matresses. Look for..." she kept talking, as if I were going to listen. I stared down at my bare chest, at the huge welts.
Ever since South Africa was awarded the 2010 World Cup the stream of stories about the lack of preparations has not let up. Stadiums would not be ready, the transport system would not be able to cope, shockingly high crime levels would put off all but the most committed fans from overseas.
Lashes for Show Down
PS these tips were targeted around my goal: lose body fat & gain lean muscle mass.
Aischrologia. Women allowed only this ritual once a year, in a corralled space. It appears men and those who exercise masculine logic can occupy this space year-round. It is called the Internet.
When my Father was nursed back to health, a feat that had seemed impossible, he began courting my Mother, marrying her under the Hawthorn. He hadn’t left since.
The new governance in many nations will be secured by the power of the Light, the Agarthans, and the first-contact team. We are committed to ensuring that the holy edicts of Heaven are manifested here on Earth. All this is being done in order to set you free, and to move you through the next phases of your path to full consciousness. We are monitoring everything as these things come down the pike, as this massive transition is designed to be swift and benign to all life. For ages we have discussed within our holy communion how best to create this new reality; above all we dearly desire to present these things in a manner that is comprehensible and acceptable to you, and that truly serves the greater good. The divine purpose of our undertaking is to give you the opportunity to be free and sovereign. Much knowledge needs to be imparted to you during the coming months in order to reassure you and to retain your sacred trust.
Paper: Stampin' UP! Beyond the Garden Designer Series (122342), Naturals White cs (102316), River Rock (108640), Wild Wasabi (108641)
1) Place the sardine in a mixing bowl. Mash them with a fork.
Amanda:"I can't even acquaint you what just happened. Mostly because I don't even know."
Synchronizing my brain and my heart
Party on, Wayne.
Michelle xoxo
Feel free to add your comments. I am still learning, and will look at all comments as helpful.
May 8 – Spa (LMS)
Nowhere is the injustice more striking than in the Negev. Living in poverty in "unrecognised" villages, the Arab Bedouin are ineligible for basic services such as water, electricity, and healthcare. The Negev village of al-Araqib has been demolished 35 times by the Israeli government; on every occasion it was rebuilt by its inhabitants.
Ooh, jeez. Norton Juster, Brian Jacques, J.K. Rowling, J.R.R. Tolkien, Orson Scott Card, Rick Riordan, Tamora Pierce, Terry Goodkind... let's leave it there for now.
WCOZ-FM Boston Mass (RIP) Broadcast
- Dresser ( white one)
May 10 - Mia Amber Davis, model/actress (Road Trip), 36
But, I was wrong, she sat down in front of me.
The Morning Cruise is your mid-morning dose of that extra special something you need to jump-start your day. The team will still bring you daily inspiration, interviews, did-you-know facts, the important jobshop, career tips, topic of the day and more – but now with triple madness!
Divide the chicken mixture into 4 equal portions, and shape each into a patty (mine were about 3/4 to 1-inch thick - the mixture was a little wet, just do the best you can.). Put the burgers on a plate, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.
Now, I like to get a Brazilian and keep things tidied up for my man, but I find it odd that a man would do the same. I find this really bizarre to tell me about on a first date. I’m thinking – what in the hell is taking this waitress so long to bring the check!
Great leaders are great simplifiers…
Me? I’d laugh, think it was great, and then ask for a pilot.
So I used it to keep my bf's wart treating kit in, since they are not things that can stand on their own. There's a falcon tube (that's a lab tube for those not in the bizz, 15ml, with a pointy tip so it can't stand on its own) with apple-cider vinegar (home remedy to treat warts if you are interested, along with hydrogen peroxide), plastic transfer pipette (or dropper google translate tells me), medical tape, and not pictured, prescription acetic acid.
Ball (quite clearly, ball)
It's tutorial time at The Kraft Journal and this week I'd like to share with you how to make a cute little gift bag out of an envelope. One of our players for challenge #42 had a link in her post for a video tutorial on how to make this cute little bag and I just had to try it.
Did he, in fact, demonstrate that most admirable of characteristics, caring?
It’s not a bad movie, all in all. Rather modern in their speech and expressions, but the story setting and clothes and even mannerisms are for the most part the same old Snow White storybook setting. The director Tarsem Singh is apparently a refugee from the Bollywood world, as you can clearly tell from the very last scene, where Snow and her pals do the love song and dance. Charming, or rather Arnie Hammer as Prince Alcott, is certainly charming in his own flustered way – but it did rather seem to me that the movie went out of it’s way to make him the anti-hero of the story, the butt of every joke, half naked half the time, and even in real puppy love. Poor thing. There is always Sean Bean to take into account, yum, andNathan Lane as the head toadyBrightonfor the Queen, he’ll make you laugh no matter who you are. Lily Collins is Snow White herself – fine acting, but she seriously needed an eyebrow wax for the first half of the movie, and the dress she got married in I really liked – a strange combination of storybook, modern, and bold Bollywood colors to make it sing!
And a grin,
‘skepticism is the most spiritual expression of a certain complex physiological condition that in ordinary language is called nervous exhaustion and sickliness…what becomes sickest and degenerates most in such hybrids is the will…Paralysis of the will…This disease enjoys the most beautiful pomp- and lie-costumes…’ And then a discussion again of politics, where N-, at least on the surface, argues for a national value of ‘strength of will…to will something for a long time…to acquire one will by means of a new caste that would rule Europe…The time for petty politics is over: the very next century will bring the fight for the dominion of teh earth– the complusion to large-scale politics.’ I am not now clear as to N-’s values as I wanted to be, and I find much less resonance with this section than any I have yet encountered. I also do not fully appreciate why this section begins with an ‘epistemological’ term and ends with a political speech. I think there is probably much bubbling under the surface here for further study. I suppose I will press on for now and see if I can find any hints as to N-’s intent here.
Had the Hercules on tap...the bottles we had in melbourne over 6 months ago were way hoppier...the tap version i had lacked alot of hops...craft beer variation i guess. All solid brews..however nothing hoppy compared to West Coast pales and IPA's from San Diego.
I feel soooo goooooooooooood. I feel so joyful. I am super empowered in fulfilling on my dreams.
Is for people just like him.
The first Sunday of Magdalena everyone goes to the Magdalena. At 7:30 in the morning they gather in the town square where there is a band and people are given walking sticks. I didn’t go this year, but I was up and walking around because the girls who I was staying with, my friend’s roommates, didn’t want to me be alone in their apartment. Since they left at 9, I had to too.
Now, I don’t think I went too far in either direction in this case, but being the guy I am, it was a different feeling to question what I would wear in what seemed like a counter-intuitive way. We all know that, at times, we can spend far too long trying to figure out what to wear, how to accessorize, what showcases our waists, biceps (for the guys, more likely) hair, eyes, and every other body part perfectly. It is extremely hard to say that fashion is not about the internal struggle we go through while trying to look our best because in many ways it is. This is what draws me to the world of fashion and what makes it interesting: Fashion is one of the only arts I know in which the creative process is directly linked to the natural human need for acceptance and self-satisfaction. It’s also why I enjoy being a part of Fetish Boutique so much; Fetish is all about the externalization of the beauty and truth within us all.
Red color- Pinch
You love everybody.
The act of embroidering is slow and as each stitch is deliberately placed it inspires thoughtfulness. This process brings out attention to detail and creates unique movements in the work. Embroidery combined with the use of reclaimed material and the elements of colour, texture, and pattern allows me to design and construct these moments in a way that is different from any other medium.” (Bec Groves)
What’s the difference you ask between spirituality and religion? Real quick, religion is based solely upon beliefs whereas spirituality is based upon experience. A person can change their beliefs like changing their clothes but you can’t change or deny your experience. This is why spirituality in most non-Western cultures is closely tied to initiations, where you either received the initiation or not.Religion is something you practice. Spirituality is what you are. Have you ever asked a person who they are and answer they are Christian, Muslim, Buddhist, etc.? This is a religious individual, because their beliefs are dictating who they are and will be. A true spiritual minded individual tells you his or her name based with conviction based upon their experience.
Thats challenged me. the last few months in my life have been very up and down. Strange times indeed. Emotionally, spiritually, my life as a whole.
First time I've seen Moochelle Obama in person.
Garrell’s show acknowledges that this territory remains complicated. We know, for instance, that Christopher Wool and Albert Oehlen are good friends, show with the same galleries, and have impacted each other’s work so it should be field day to have Wool himself choose his favorite Oehlen and put the work next to his own. But in pouring over these wonderful canvases, what do we really find out? We’ve enjoyed the odd abstractions of Mary Heilmann and it is wonderful to find her work next to other strange eccentric art works by Bacon, Nauman, and Beuys, but what do we discover? Mark Grotjahn has put forth a statement on modernist painting over the years that we suspected came from a cadre of great artists – how fun it is to find him choosing Reinhardt, Kusama, Albers, McLaughlin, and Mondrian. Well, that makes sense, we say, but where is the meat? What can be said other than that makes sense?
Morello: Wait for it.
I am a sucker for potato chips. I try not to have them in the house since I cannot resist them. If a bag is in the house, within two days they are gone…and that is with me showing restraint.
Now you are ready to sew the ruffle to the pant leg.
Hahaha, it's Giorgio (by the way, he's here to help out with the questions!) the one who writes this crap. They are surely fun and appropriate. The most important thing is NOT trying to be fucking boring and serious. I hate those bands that have tremendously serious and boring bios, this shit is just for big-headed wannabes that in most cases sound nothing like they tell.
I did not want the ant to feel too flat, so I started with a C5, a nice cool middle-dark gray. Then for accent I blended in some V17 as shadows. The purple is just barely visible within the grays (see the middle of each body section.
When we think of a villain in a story, it is generally assumed that they are the drivers of evil within the story. Of course there are those, like the anti-villains, who have that small, if not fleeting, dance with a moral compass. And then there're the anti-heroes, who generally have some of that evil ingrained to give them a multidimensional feel, but still have enough good to keep them at hero status.
As e'er I did commit.
32. Out of curiosity, were you born on a plane? cuz baby, you’re FLY!
I would be less hygienic.
JT65-HF seemed to work nicely, good for a simple 2-way QSO, but obviously very limited in what could be exchanged between stations, and Hamspots.net showed who & where your signal was getting to, even if no-one answered your CQ calls.
2. Puree the berries in a blender, then pour into a sauce pan set over medium low heat. Allow the liquid to evaporate and the puree to reduce to about 1/4 cup of thick berry pulp, about 1o minutes. Set aside to cool.
For those interested – I just got a copy of The “digital download” version of Dick B. and Ken B., Stick with the Winners! How to Conduct More Effective 12-Step Recovery Meetings Using Conference-Approved Literature at www.dickb.com The book is for your personal use and is copyrighted so forgive me for not forwarding out a copy for you.
D--You're a darling
Earlier, the group of about 500 hundred people had been creating street theater at Montgomery and Market in the Financial District at noon (click here for a nice photo from Axel).
And here is the very beginning of an upside down pump wagon idea. Supposed to look mini-steam tanky.... I know it looks boring now... I have a pile of stuff to add yet.
"The common good must motivate our nation at every possible level"
However, wifesy IS a skinny person and though I can still shop at the regular girl’s store – unfortunately, I am not. I’m usually looking at the 12s or 14s. Wifesy is down by the 8s and 6s and when she’s super stressed out – the 4s. (This has never happened to me by the way. I have never “stressed myself” into skinny. I have raged myself there, into skinny land. But, most of the time I “stress myself” into a bag of Doritos like Elton John.) But, I digress. I have NEVER been a size 4. Maybe as an infant? No, not even then, I don’t think. I have been a 10 looking lovingly down at some 8s. But, that was after an extreme breakup and some insane workouts to stop me from murdering my ex.
Here’s to fall 2011.
WE have frequently to lament the loss of records, which might preserve the particular virtues and actions of individuals for the edification and emulation of all true Christians. As noticeable throughout all the previous volumes of this work, with the most earnest desire to render its several articles, more complete, documentary or traditional materials are not accessible, to rescue from obscurity the earthly career of so many among the children of light. Merely to learn their names—sometimes also those of their old places—and to know that they had lived, are all that can now be ascertained.
Every time, I tell myself, "This is the last time. You don't NEED this, and nobody wants to read that shit anyway. Just give it the EF UP!!"
Let me offer you a few examples of some photoshoots and ads that I’ve found so you can see what I’m talking about.
4. "Stat Guess" which you should print off and have ready for the Saturday Afternoon Session when the statistics of the Church are given (from"Lady Create-a-lot"). See the link for your printable here.
So, tomorrow morning I am presenting the bare bones of my research (indigenous communities and their approaches to integrating government economic policy thinking into their own development goals – and the inverse for federal governments and the tensions that lie within)… Thursday morning I’m speaking on traditional indigenous quantification methodologies and on Thursday afternoon the dynamic tensions between Traditional Cultural Values and the policy systems Value Proposition.
the keeper of the drum
Strangely, many Malaysians accept rumours as the gospel truth, not realising that the wagging tongues strive to spread fear and malice.
But it’s not that the Occupiers are adrift at sea without a light to paddle towards. The light exists, but it’s in the opposite direction from what they think. Again Etzioni;
In other words, I sold myself short. In fact, I can hear my mind shouting out:
Well, another 30 minutes in line and I have 10 generic tickets - BattleTech VR simulator here we come. "Hey Paul, you don't have your goody bag.". "What goodie bag and where's Nate?". Another 20 minutes in line and I have a free copy of Rift, a Magic booster deck and a ton of coupons for free shit. Battletech time you say? Nope, time to head to the hotel for check-in - Argh!!!!
I'm getting tiny laugh lines around my mouth, and for some reason they don't bother me at all.
My job was to guide and educate those who call us for help about their virus-related computer problems, with ‘virus’ being a catch all word for anything that’s wrong with the software. So it’s like teaching in a sense. The only difference is that we were talking to really stupid people who in turn made you even more stupid.
More important, if she took herself offscreen and focused on her writing and directing she could do something less self-consciously awkward and more weighty. Toward the end of the film she directs Adam Scott in a nice series of scenes toward a building passion that feels real and moving. But she doesn’t give herself the same generosity. It’s as if she can’t see herself onscreen as a character — she only sees herself in the mirror, and she’s anxious to make us believe she’s still wrinkle-free.
ViSalus founders Ryan Blair, Blake Mallen, and Nick Sarnicola’s revolutionary entrepreneur business model has proved lucrative. With more than 100,000 people joining monthly, sales have expanded sevenfold – from a total of $34 million revenue in 2010 to $231 million in 2011. ViSalus is celebrating a benchmark number of one million members.
An intense deep plum colour.
I see my face in the mirror.
He panicked.
I feel very fortunate to have met Andy & Marcia Georges all those years ago. I have been working for them in their home and in their very well-known and respected Brisbane restaurant, IL Centro, for.....I don't know how long. It seems as though it's been many, many years.
What is an appropriate waiting time for clearing immigration at an international airport? It’s an interesting question. There is clearly a trade off (given fixed staffing levels) between the thoroughness of interviewing arriving passengers and the speed at which they move through the system. However, it is not clear just what the objective is. From the position of the government agency doing the screening (in the US that is Customs and Boarder Protection which is part of the Department of Homeland Security), safety is paramount although it is probably combined with a bit of political butt covering. Let’s face it, if someone gets into the country on fake documents and then gets caught shoplifting — let alone a violent crime — there will be hell to pay.
1. What's your favorite word?
1. CHANEL #5- CHANEL Allure EDT is clean and sheer, warm and sexy. Allure is a perfume whose facets interact like a fragrant diamond, intensifying each other as they unfold, like the notes of an harmonious melody. True allure arises from simplicity. A lack of contrivance. Allure is a fragrance that evokes each woman’s own very special allure.
Only a few populations are capable of building such societies, and they are vastly superior to all others. That, of course, is why so many people from failed societies want to immigrate, but when they come in sufficient numbers they destroy what they came to find.
and the moisture mosaic
Aura Lewis And Full Experience - Full Experience
Sugar cane-growing areas in Brazil, the world’s largest producer, will get rains this week, preventing the start of the new crop’s harvest, according to weather forecaster Somar Meteorologia.
The men are much more than just drugged-out Heavy Metal Gods as evidenced by the other types of music they like to dabble in.
These I will make again and I am thinking all kinds of candy bar additions...Milky Ways, Snickers, peanut butter cups...the list goes on and on. If you would like to see what the other bakers thought, head over to TWD and find out. Me? I think I might go eat me a brownie. :)
Well, I’m not sure whether this can be called an accomplishment but going by the amount of happiness it has brought me, I would certainly call it an accomplishment- my blog. I have, for quite a few years now, dreamt of being a writer and now, I seem to be living that dream out, even if in a small way.
it's so feminine!
Sometimes a dude just needs to have a beer before he finds his way home. Today was that kind of day for me. I'll admit I called Wes to see if he wanted to check out Crosstown Station, but I didn't push too hard when he said he was going to go work out. I didn't want to stay out long and for some reason drinking with Wes always turns into a "well I'll just have one more" situation. I didn't need that, I'm going out tomorrow night for drinks with coworkers so I certainly didn't need to drink more than 2 beers. This would be the perfect time to check out Crosstown Station and chat with a bartender about business (remember, I'm always working for you, our dear reader).
John Hales
If we fail to continue the pattern set before us, not only by Jesus, but also as taught through the life of Paul, then we will fail in true completion of the Great Commission. We must be willing to make the utmost of sacrifice in order to see God’s church, not just replicated, but multiplied for His glory. The discipled church is the church in which there is serious spiritual discipline, there is serious spiritual warfare, and there is serious spiritual treasure being stored up in Heaven. It is not what we will reap here, as we can see both Jesus and Paul had disciples which broke their disciplemakers’ hearts, but they did not shrink back from the task at hand.
Booths - inspiring
I apologise to all those (including myself) who will now be singing that song all day!
“Susan was always available to us, providing information and assurance during the selling process of our home. Thank You!
Answer all questions – Each question carries 12 marks.
Does it say anything about trends? Probably not but just in case you are curious, here are the types of projects I requested.
1 intellect
You sit on a pedestal of power
Today, decide what thoughts are keeping you captive. What ideas are preventing you from connecting deeply with others, from sharing Christ with someone else, from exploring this world and sharing its abundance? Now: FLEE! Flee the captivity of your thoughts and reclaim the freedom you have in Christ.
They bring nothing to the table except failure and corruption, and unrepresentative participation in the state's institutions.
I told myself that Tina and I were just friends. I had a girlfriend two years younger than me back home. She was my first serious girlfriend, and we had that kind of crazy, intense relationship you have when you are trying to make things work long distance, and you both talk about how you'll probably break up eventually, because you're sensible, but you've also gone ahead and named your future kids, just in case. Tina referred to her as my "child bride."
Use resources like the book of Common Prayer for ideas on when and what to pray.
We place a lot of stock on the idea of which characters we identify with, or are meant to identify with. Are we encouraged to identify with a torturer or the victim? Do we like the charismatic killer who dances as he slays? Do we care if a self-centred upstart teenage twit is taught a lesson? The fact is we identify with everybody. People are empathetic and therefore will always place themselves in the shoes of others no matter how little sympathy they have for them and
For a pattern I used the illustration in Jean Hunnisett's Period Costume for Stage & Screen: Patterns for Women's Dress 1500-1800. I did shorten it, since apparently I'm not as tall as the typical stage actress.
or by means of good or bad luck.
Hope everyone everywhere has a wonderful week! And I may even get a card done that I can post at some point. (But please don't hold your breath.)
1.Because I would absolutely nothing new to say e.g. Jane Eyre. If you haven't read it then you must, its brilliant. But nothing I could say about it would be anything particularly new. If I had hated it then I would have reviewed it for sure!
6) And injuries… How are you doing so far? The worst injury that I’ve had was in 2009 at a contest in Hungary… I pulled a ‘front-flip’ and landed on my back… I passed the landing by 2-3 meters and landed flat almost broke my back!!! so far I`m ok, despite being old!
SH
A major EPT innovation was the use of skills, something not everyone in the OSR has time for, but here the system is kept beautifully simple, a bridge between rules-heavy and -light. Number and type of skill are determined randomly at generation, also giving potentially very large variation, but the player may choose freely within a type. There's an optional homeworld tech level, again entirely random, opening up more. Skills can also be learnt over the course of a campaign, with time and credits spent, or with experience.
To the Umphenours and many among the more than 1,000 onlookers Saturday, the word “redneck” bears neither shame nor negativity.
Beetroot pate de fruit were made on a whimsy by Pig Flyin' (as you do) when he picked up a heap of beetroot on special. The beetroots were juiced, combined with pectin and then poured into molds until set. The jellies were dipped in sugar just before serving, and the beetroot flavour in these came out remarkably well, a compelling mix of earthiness with sweetness.
Oh, and if you’re wondering when you’ll get to see the story, the answer is soon. I’m hoping to run one a week leading up to the games starting late this month or early next month. So far, I’ve tried weightlifting, tumbling, fencing and archery. Are there any others out there you’d like to see me try my hand (or foot) at? Let me know at jjag@santacruzsentinel.com.
If you aren't a seafood fan, you might not like this dish. If you grew up on the coast, love seafood like your first born child, and love unami more than life itself; you'll love this dish. The combination of sweet seafood, meaty mushrooms, intense seafood flavors with pungent uni powder is amazing. I still can't find the right words to describe the dish, but I'll try. *My description is also Chef Tyson Cole approved. This dish is so rich and sinful you'll feel like you're fornicating in a church. If you don't know what fornicating in a church is like, I would recommend this dish. And if you decide to try it (the fornicating), please don't get caught and clean up after yourself.
To reach home means a three hundred mile journey through an apocalyptic America...
Engages a reciprocal affinity
Having inhaled in the redolent of creosote on so many occasions, I am reminded of a multitude of adventures when among it. In turbid skies, so it seems, does the essence of the desert rise and waft through the air. Ever waiting, ever still until the after effects of far away places bring in the blessed moisture. Standing here on the final leg of the journey, I can wait until the last second as the storm barrels and rolls its way across the region. Drenching the parched landscape, reinventing the desert into a respite of life and good fortune.
rough
And neither hear the rain nor give it thanks
My cousin texted at that point and said he was outside. I disappeared out the door. Cely and her partner Miguel found me and my cousin and brother and sister-in-law by the car. We went to the grave in a mini-caravan. That was protocol, I guess. We couldn’t all arrive willy-nilly. My nephew and his mother were already there.
To keep them longer healthy, we advise you do not pour ice cold water when the pot is heated. Also, do not scrape the bottom of the pot with a hot spoon. Enamel is brittle and fragile.
The heating pads can be made by sewing two identical pieces of fabric together much like you would make a pillow, or you can make the top of the pad a little more interesting by combining different complimentary fabrics. I chose different fabrics for mine -- canvas-type fabrics purchased at Hobby Lobby -- and I really like how it turned out.
After about half an hour of walking and gawking, we stood at the door to our hotel. Unfortunately, the door was locked and we could see that the lobby was in semi-darkness. We found a piece of paper taped to the door’s glass with my husband’s name on it. We felt such relief knowing that we had not been forgotten; we were expected. Imagine our surprise when we opened the letter to find it written entirely in German. No one was around and we hadn’t brought the cell phone. After much debate and the discovery of a keypad on the side wall, we took a guess that “Der Zugangscode zur Hautpeingangstür des Hotels ist ‘1234A’”* was the keycode. I think we cheered when the door clicked open. But now what?
I’ve been crafting all my life but it was not until last August I started blogging about my paper crafting and participating in challenges – but now I can’t stop!! There are so many nice and talented crafters out there it is AMAZING and I love how everyone shares their ideas, supports and encourages each other!
Remove. They’re annoying and they keep sliding up the book.
Filled with heart-pounding action, sweeping romance, and higher stakes at every turn, Destined is the series conclusion that readers have been clamoring for—with a twist that will leave them breathless.
This was supposed to be a tasty recipe ...with chocolate covered coffee beans and cranberries. Touted by a well known magazine. Who the heck baked it, tasted it and thought so? Not me. My first response was "ick".....
-Billy fucking Cundiff!
You’ve written for all types of audiences. How does your writing process differ as your audience changes?
That is the crux of the Obama argument and it is quite a stretch. The Supreme Court has never found the definition of commerce to be that expansive or intrusive. With the plain reading of the law interstate commerce is defined as two or more individuals from different states participating in a transaction. Those who are required to purchase health insurance may not be actively participating in a transaction. For most people if we didn’t pay for our own health insurance we would rarely be actively engaging in any transaction concerning healthcare. Perhaps at most, once a year.
Guilt: Godly sorrow for sins and misdeeds. An excellent motivator, guilt has blessed the lives of millions of Latter-day Saints throughout the world.
Bhut Jolokia 0/2
I know I missed out on quite a few with the show being just to large to cover in a day.....so I think I need to make it an official vacation next time to catch up on all the tents and shows that have expanded past the city itself.
Yesterday, I was able to get up, help with baths for everyone, get ears cleaned, nails trimmed (and painted), and hang out with my children...whom I have missed so much! I am glad to be feeling even a bit better today.
When it's time to cook...
A Book Worth Reading
The better players adopt techniques to minimise these unwanted string, instrument handling and electrical interference noises. They take practice and hence they become habits. Here are seven of them:
Remember ‘there is no such thing as bad weather only inappropriate clothes.’
Central America is the most violent region in the world, with El Salvador reporting the highest death rate due to armed violence, said the Global Burden of Armed Violence report by the Geneva Declaration.
I omitted Adair's concluding and most important point: he lays the blame for the conservatism of contemporary British fiction with the current market-driven literary culture in which publishers are forced to seek what they know sells: 'Literary fiction is thriving, so why tamper with it? Yet as the case of Alain Robbe-Grillet proved, the most influential artists are those who choose to fix something that no one else noticed was broken.'
So when I heard this idea about claiming a WORD, just one word, instead of a whole list of resolutions, it stuck in my head. It seemed so simple. To easy perhaps. Not enough details for me.
“Yep, that’s what it says.”
And then I found the blog of one Rick Minerd, ex-Chief of Police in Columbus. He wrote an entry on Crystal! (Pause for commercial: THIS is why blogs are so important, folks. We bring you the little-known history of real people and their daily lives.)
The Ooh La Frou Frou Collection card line
LG outlined eight principles that were to envelop the business strategy and underpinned the new IBM culture.
So, two weeks later, I am thinking of going to a Chinese doctor after I try some Die Da Wan Hua oil myself.
FUCK THA HAJIS (new lyrics for "Fuck Tha Police" by Dope)
I want to thank the many strangers who had approached me to specifically give me their words of encouragements and support for the Sarong outfit. I hope, in return, I managed to inspire some runners to relax and have fun with their run that night.
i do believe i've fallen in love with a goat. several goats, actually. how could you not fall in love with this grin?
Taking all that into consideration, then: You know what I did this past weekend? Instead of seeing new releases like Bong Joon-ho's Mother, Marco Bellocchio's Vincere or Noah Baumbach's Greenberg, I instead decided to check out Fei Mu's 1948 classic Spring in a Small Town and Joseph Losey's 1951 noir The Prowler, neither of which I had ever seen. They are both wonderful films—the Fei full of beautiful emotional complexities, the Losey rich in human complexities of a far darker, seedier kind—and the feeling of satisfaction at having these first experiences at a theater was, I think, worth the ticket price. (I hope to say more about those films than that, but I'll do so at a later date.)
Ask these famous brands if ignoring social media was a good idea:
I taught this course last term, and it's the one that has changed the least. (Here's the syllabus.) It's also probably the last time I will get to teach it, because we're in the midst of hiring a full-time, Ph.D'ed person to do so. Thus, I didn't want to put too much energy and effort into redesigning a course I have no future with. Luckily, last term went really well.
is VERY far away from Florida.
All right! It's rather hard to say, that's why it's rarely heard.
Lastly (is that really a word?), although I would love to have readers (witness the excerpts posted every Friday in this space) I am doing the writing just to tell myself the story and to see if I can master the challenge of just finishing. The joy of sitting down to see what happens next keeps me coming back to the old keyboard.
Questionnaire
If you have oily hair, it is essential to wash your hair on a daily basis. This is for the reason that oily hair has a tendency to accumulate dirt as compared to other hair types.
I'm even noticing new sounds and smells. Dryer sheets are no longer the only scent in the air. Mountain laurel's grape kool-aid smell is the new scent I am detecting. On weekends I can hear the sounds of children playing and people working in the yard.
Altogether, another wonderful outing courtesy of my star-studded hubby! He’s been wanting to take me there for ages, and it’s not too far from where we live. As usual I came back stimulated and full of inspiration!
that I was condemning him in public for a piece that might have been edited. On the other hand, he is quite happy to pillory the critics of the book in the pages of the Morning Advertiser. I don’t know how many readers the Morning Advertiser has but I imagine it’s a bit more than the few hundred who follow me on Twitter. I’d be worried about the state of the pub industry if it weren’t.
New card today that I made last night.. I had colored this image a week or so ago and never had the chance to put it on a card..
Also, if you have any experience doing gluten free or vegan baking, I'd love some tips! I'm working on perfecting a delicious gluten free and/or vegan cupcake. I was thinking the gf one would be apple/caramel and the vegan one would be something else. I'm not on gf or a vegan diet so I'd love some advice!
Last week Charlie Gilmour, son of writer and photographer Polly Samson and stepson of Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmour, was jailed for sixteen months for violent disorder. He was strung out on booze, drugs and lack of sleep and misbehaved significantly on the student protest against spending cuts in central London last December. Nobody, himself included, denied that he had been a Very Naughty (and Silly) Boy. There was a financial value to the damage he did, although the extent of that damage remains open to debate. He was seen to kick, but not break, a window and deemed to have thrown a bin at the car carrying Charlie Windsor and his missus. He had earlier swung himself on the Cenotaph flag. All in all, not a good day. I'm sure he wasn't too surprised to find himself in court. He issued an apology pretty much as soon as he'd had a chance to sober up, but having had his collar felt, must have expected that matters would be taken further as indeed they were.
Keeping with philosophy, why not try "Calculating God." It is the story of a paleontologist who is visited by an extraterrestrial. Specifically to gather information about mass extinctions that seem to happen not only here on earth - but across the universe - at the same points in time. The alien assert that "the primary goal of modern science is to discover why God has behaved as he has and to determine his methods." The book is mostly cerebral. But it is also touching. Laugh out loud funny. Character driven. Especially as we read the grappling our paleontologist must do as he deals with his athiest beliefs ("If there was a God, there wouldn't be cancer").
Make your mother proud with these Savings! Only at FurnitureXO. Celebrate Mother’s Day with FurnitureXO and get her the savings she will thank you for.
Josh is my tempermental daddy's boy. He does love his mama but mostly when dad isn't around. He can be quite stubborn but as soon as he realizes he isn't getting his way he caves and is very compliant. He is the neatest of the three. If asked to clean something he happily does it. He loves to cuddle, mostly with daddy. He is constantly worried about his brother and sister. If one of them is hurt or sick extremely empathetic. They all are, his is just more pronounced. He is still very much an animal lover. He loves all things cute and furry, regardless of size.
XXX Heidy~
That's all for now.
The genocide of white South Africans is heating up.
5. Obsessed (9:03)
5. To doula, or not to doula? It's a little late to find anyone good. But, after a recent hospital tour, I'm not sure I want to be doula-free, after all. The promise of having my own midwife (and doctor) wasn't quite all it's cracked up to be. The midwives are just glorified nurses, and don't seem to have the ability to suggest alternatives to medical intervention, which is what I wanted. I found a doula who does acupuncture and massage, and contacted her on the off chance she's free. We'll see. I'm going to explore my options on this one. I think I'd be better off with a doula, but it just feels like a lot of work at this point.
Yey!
Later she confirmed the Sun had set up the ‘Baby-P’ petition calling for Sharon Shoesmith to be sacked but denied she had phoned the then education secretary Ed Balls to demand the sacking.
Word for the Week
Speaking of selling, it originally fetched $1.8 when it was new in March, 2004. Those buyers finished the basement and perhaps added a few features and then resold it to the present owners for $2.5 million in July of 2005 – oh, those were the days.
This hybrid amphotropic/Moloney murine leukemia virus was engineered in the 1980s and neither the virus itself nor the plasmid (pAMS) containing its proviral genome were ever used in our laboratory. Although the precise source for the contamination could not be traced back, sharing cell lines with other laboratories seems the most likely explanation.”
‘The Start’….
One thing that was mentioned several different months was that he loves to eat. I saw things like, 'healthy appetite,' 'clearly indicates his desire to eat,' and 'eating to fuel his growing body.' And there are plenty of pictures of him with food in his hands. He's gonna fit in just fine around here!
Investigate Magazine puts a lot of emphasis on reports that contractors tampered with the methane sensors so that they would not lose pay in the event of gas leaks causing a shut down. But the possible failure of gas sensors, sabotaged or not, is not the main cause. Even if it was the immediate cause, it reflects company policy to use casualised contractors rather than company employees who would be paid for down time. Moreover, it’s damning of both the company and the union that what was reported as a common practice was not acted on and stopped. However you read the safety problems the mine faced, it is the history of deregulation of health and safety requirements and inspections over the last 20 years allowing the mine to operate without sufficient margins of safety that is to blame for the explosion. And clearly for that both National and Labour Governments must be held accountable.
Habeus Mentem :: Right to Legal Sanity
I still have more work do to here in Hyjal, but I’m in no mood to deal with it after all that bullshit, so I think I’m just going to go check in at Nordrassil and try to do some writing to relax before I get going again. I still have a new EPIC VERSE to finish up (no, I haven’t forgotten) so hopefully I’ll get that up for you guys pretty quick. Stay tuned.
All things considered, Air-conditioned Mario 64 DS is a abundant amend of a archetypal game. While some portions of the bold accept age-old bigger than others, and while the ascendancy could’ve been a little tighter, the bold is done adapted abundant to achieve it a affectionate amend for admirers of the original; new players will in actuality acquisition a lot to like here, as well. This is acutely and appropriately the flagship bold for the Nintendo DS launch.
“We had to go with Plan Б,” said Space Federation spokesman Dmitri Crashnikov at yesterday’s press conference. “We can’t go to Mars, so we study ocean. Anyway, Mars is boring. Ocean has lots of creatures.”
Some people think scrapbooking is hokey, others think it's a waste of time. I think it's a creative outlet for me and a great way to document my family history. My scrapbooking has come a long way from those sticker days. I cringe when I look at that first album I made for my mother. It is special to her though (even though it is horrendous). About three years ago I had been hearing more and more about digital scrapbooking. I was no way going to get involved and thought it was somewhat of a betrayal to my paper scrapping roots. Well, in 2008 I was becoming more and more intrigued by the idea of a no mess way to scrapbook and was tempted by this person's work. In doing research on the web I came across Jessica Sprague's website. I signed up for the first class and became addicted to digi scrapping.
Here’s a person who’s raised in an environment that doesn’t teach them how to become a healthy human being; their real needs are ignored and they develop into a fragmented non-entity. They don’t know how to live, they’re too preoccupied with trying not to hurt themselves or coping with overwhelming emotional pain. But make no mistake, the Borderline WANTS to feel happy and well adjusted. We WANT to love like an adult but we’re still suffering like an infant.
He sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle,
* A written part in Great Hexpectations
Saurel-Cubizolles MJ, Romito P. Activité professionnelle et maternité en France et en Italie. Rev Fr Aff Sociales 1988; 42: 93-110.
For the month of November, we thought we would switch gears a little and throw in some holiday gift ideas using your JustRite stamps, so be watching for those, too, on November’s hops! And in celebration of JustRite’s 9th and 10th weeks of Christmas Blog Hops, they have a huge surprise for you -- take 25% off All JustRite Original Christmas Stamps now through November 15, with free shipping within the U.S. -- Don't forget to tell Santa!!
Dr. M's helper did all 2.5 hours of intake both with us and KG. She was kind and listened intently while taking vigorous notes. She played with KG alot doing really random tasks that made no sense to me but gave her alot of insight into our sweet one.
Gary Clark was simply amazing. One of the two or three best guitar players I’ve ever seen. He makes complicated blues riffs appear like child’s play. His jammed out blues rock songs gave me chills many times. It was weird to be seeing such a virtuoso in a shoe store, but that didn’t lessen my enthusiasm for the performance. Unlike many great guitar players, Clark mixes a classic soulful blues voice to counter his incredible guitar licks.
Sorry no photos, the guild is having another sew day next weekend so hoping to get it laid out and photo then. But can't have a post without photo, so here is Max cuddling with LM's Elmo.
For Roopna Rao, Champoo Devi, Laxman Rao, Atbor Oraon and Jhingiya Oraon, whose biometrics have been rejected permanently, the outlook is bleak.
· Teach that we should never question their authority.
Accessories: Kaiser Pearls, Opal Spray Glitter
If you've been following the collection since the beginning, you'll know that after the initial info was released there were licensing issues and the whole thing was almost scrapped. In the end, the polish shades stayed the same, but the names changed and each shade now represents one of the districts. Hunger Games fanatics will take note that there is no District 13 polish. They should have made it a base coat, you know? Since it's the underground/hidden district? Anyway...
Whenever I went up to water them it cracked me up. Paperwhites sunning themselves in the Kennedy Suite, ready for room service.
The large pink flower was cut using the Flower Shoppe Cricut cartridge at 4". The other roses are mini roses made by Recollections or purchased from I Am Roses. The leaves are a Martha Stewart punch.
by Dr. Neil Lavender
Intel HD Graphics,
Nothing like a relaxing afternoon at the office!
Cheese Enchiladas (served with Chile con Carne in the book, but easily adaptable to be vegetarian)
"...and, in death, finds freedom"
“Yeah, you mentioned.” Derek felt his stomach churn even thinking about the dragon, let alone two or more of them.
Coincidentally, the roots of Holocaust denial go back to the Nazi party itself. In fact, many Germans both denied and dismissed overwhelming proof in evidence that the genocide even occurred and wrote it off as “Stalinist atrocity propaganda.” My first response to this is Damn you Stalin!
A few months back, a little-known LA band called Electric Guest released an advance single called “American Daydream” from a then-upcoming album called “Mondo” and I instantly became a huge fan of that particular track and have played it repeatedly at my Second Life shows. It’s a great summery tune–light, quietly upbeat, featuring a trip-hop beat and a high-voiced singer whom I assumed–mistakenly–was a woman.
Then took a drive on Reba McEntire Road…
3.I am the king
You think I'm paranoid. I think the political atmosphere is so poisoned that conservatives in many walks of life fear the enmity incited by their opinions. All right, I'll stop whining.
the kids have so much fun ..
Great Leaders are STRONG, but not rude.
Those who think A-B has got a good dose of Beer Karma and,
They refused to explain their actions to police.
I met John back in my SNL days. Simply put – he stole my girlfriend. I was off doing a movie and when I returned to SNL my girlfriend at the time was dating John. But John was such a great guy we couldn’t help but to develop a friendship. 30 years later we are still great friends. As for the girlfriend, we aren’t too sure where she is nowadays.
Navy Blouse by Crazy Horse (Liz Claiborne) - Goodwill
F: It’s a daily struggle isn’t it?
45. R.E.M.-Collapse Into Now (Warner Brothers)
Where They Stand: Ojo's number one goal for 2012 is to break ground in a facility. Fortunately, he is moving along and has begun making offers on properties. He hopes that as things continue to move and get streamlined, he may be able to open in late 2012 or early 2013. However, between now and then, he intends to find opportunities to share my beer with friends and the community.
You know how when you're a kid and you get a dog and some time passes how one day you come home from school and the dog is gone and one of your parents tells you that your dog went to "live on a farm"? Some - I'd say even many of you have heard this spiel - you're shocked and sorry, you never really saw the dog go or had a chance to say goodbye but of course it's a wonderful place where the dog can run and play and chase rabbits all day and though you feel just terrible somehow you convince yourself that what your parents said is true and the dog really is going to have a nice life there? Remember that story? This happened at my house more than one time although my mother will deny it to this day, none of those dogs ever went to any farm. They were all taken to the pound or dumped off somewhere or given away. I'll never know the details but it took a lot longer than I'd like to admit to figure out that "the farm" didn't exist and my dogs weren't hanging out at the barn in some canine Nirvana.
This revelation began with the apostle Paul in Acts 9 at the point of his conversion. We read this account of it in Acts 26:16, as the Lord speaks to him. “But rise, and stand upon thy feet: for I have appeared unto thee for this purpose, to make thee a minister and a witness both of these things which thou hast seen, and of those things in the which I will appear unto thee.”
today i'm featuring just a tiny peek at some of the gorgeous seating i found on his beautiful site. good golly aren't these chairs fabulous?
“Rock and roll music, if you like it, if you feel it, you can’t help but move to it. That’s what happens to me. I can’t help it.’”
Out of sorts. Under the weather. Off colour. Whatever you call it, I don't feel so good this week. Last week's trip has left me a bit wrung out and the worst of it is I have a record low SQ.
During the month Emma decides to return to France in the spring after receiving further discouraging reports from friends who have met with Labor Department officials in Washington, D.C., about chances for readmission into the Land of Freedom.
Although the largest pieces of Jade are those found in the mountains, it is often easier to find and work jade which has been washed into the rivers and streams. Historically the collection of this river jade was done by teams of men who would walk in a line along the river and, when a piece was found, a gong was sounded and the line stopped while details of the find were recorded.
I had met him over a year ago. Since then, he’s still been at it, traveling all over the nation with his message of hope, justice, life, and forgiveness. My brother and I decided we want to imitate him. He writes us letters sometimes. I’m honored that he even keeps in touch, praying to his God on our behalf. But now he was standing here with us — and the other saints, too — all with the same soft breeze wandering through our hair.
Conveniently left out in the explanation was that Mr. Frazier took a leadership position by taking the blame when he didn’t have to while correcting the problem immediately.
Grip ‘n’ Go™
It does not work..
5. Carry Me Home (4:49)
I’ve already unloaded a bit about how hard I’m finding it to start writing new short stories. Partly that’s because I’ve learned so much lately about what a good short story needs to do – to show us the most important thing that happens in a character’s life, show them struggling against a great obstacle and taking charge of their own fate, and growing as a person.
I. What kind of essay this is; and to whom addressed.
Getting a Durable Handbag
To say that I was impressed by Pamela's creativity would be a huge understatement! I loved her interpretation of the challenge and I was totally inspired by it! So....I hope she won't mind that I'm recycling her idea for today's project.
Now for the pics! I know that's what you came for:):):) Enjoy them friends! And know that you ALL played a part in bringing Samuel into our family! He would not be here without you. Our eyes have seen what his future would have been and I cannot express the gratitude in our hearts that he is home and has a chance to thrive and grow into all that his heavenly Father created him to be! October is Down Syndrome Awareness Month in case you didn't know...pretty sweet timing, huh?!?:):):)
Yield : 6 flatbread
I sound So Prepared from all that, huh? That's because I haven't done my second list yet.
Nice, huh? My very own little night sky. Now, if I could only charge the beads enough for the "stars" to shine a little longer so I could enjoy it a bit more every night...
“With SUV’s and bottled water, the answer is obvious: corporate interests (with SUV’s, selling high profit, inefficient vehicles; with bottled water, selling something that 10 years ago was essentially free).
Los Angeles Plays Itself
OK so think back to high school. I know, I know it was a long time ago but see if you can remember it.
If I am telling the truth, why do you not believe me?
It all sounds wonderful but what does this look like in real life in a love relationship? Here are a few very odd and random questions. In your relationship or those you are fostering, are you focused on getting your love to propose or are you focused on taking care of him or her? Are you taking care of him or her in order to get him to marry you or love you or are you doing it because you love them and value all humans as worthy of love? Are you being yourself with them or are you afraid of showing your depths? Are you angry at your spouse because they didn't pick up their socks or are you smiling because yet again this person you love didn't pick up his socks? Are you attached more to the idea of his tidiness than connecting to his heart? Are you attached to behaviour or are you seeking a true heart to heart connection that transcends all the little attachments to what everyone tells you a relationship should look like?
The pro-law people are arguing that women "should have all the information available to them."
and page protectors.
No host nation has ever failed to reach the second round of the World Cup. The USA managed it in 1994. Both Japan and South Korea did it in 2002 - the Koreans going all the way to the semi-finals. South Africans fear their team could be the worst hosts in history. "It could be really embarrassing," says Robert Marawa, the country's most popular football broadcaster.
About 8 or 10 years ago, I came up with the idea of getting brave and just doing “One Gutsy Thing”…when I was nervous or worried about doing something new or unfamiliar.
Planning: this weekend Jon's parents and grandmother are coming up for a visit. It will be their first visit since we finished major renovations. I can't wait to share all of his hard work with them! We're planning on doing the LaZoom bus tour and then an early dinner at Tupelo Honey Cafe. I love sharing my city and playing tourist. Coincidentally, today is my mother-in-law's birthday - happy birthday, Carol! We can't wait to help you celebrate tomorrow. :)
At some point in Texas, I awake to warm water dripping on my legs and Di whacking me. From under the dash, putrid chemicals were dripping on my feet, and – no kidding – dense white fog was rolling out of the AC vents. We sprang into action, shut down the AC, rolled down the windows, and pulled over. We had no idea what just went wrong but speculated that the condenser / evaporator / AC thingamabobber had failed catastrophically. Ever resourceful, Di located a phone book and in ten minutes we were back in business with a shop in Tucumcari waiting for us. I rode along, noting that the Motrin was failing miserably, and that I now had what I believed to be an Alien growing somwhere inside my big, fat head. As we rolled down I-40 in August, Daughter Unit The Second wails helpfully, “I’m hooooooot.” There were seven syllables in ’hot’ in her version.
Just a time to note I haven't kept up all the beer events in a while. I've attended the Bluebonnet and come away with no ribbons and no stein. But I think I got famous for my chocolate raspberry chocolate stout served on beergas. It is the fun stuff that keeps me stoked about homebrewing and beer in general. Since then, I've brewed five more batches, attended a couple more Black Star socials, and attended a Dogfish Head thing at the Alamo Drafthouse. 12 Dogfish Head beers paired with cheese. Yum! I especially liked a peppercorn cheese.
After comparing Earlex's products with the patent as claimed, the judge dismissed the infringement claim. He then turned to the patent itself.
"Bend the knees, bow the head, clasp the hands, read His book and call out to Him. Be obedient" This is the only way my true help will come.
As part of my continued preparation this week I had to submit a book report. The book i chose to read was When Helping Hurts an amazing book written for folks from the west who are trying to help poor people near and far and explaining the inadvertent damage that can be done in the process. Some of the book was sad, some was shocking but all the way through felt like it was really helping me step back from my unbridled enthusiasm and really think about what God wants from me during this trip. One of the most impactful parts for me was a story told by an African mission worker
First we must understand why personal change is just so difficult in the first place. According to brain researcher and author of Personality, Decision, and Behavior, Gerhard Roth of the University of Bremen in Germany, “The brain is always trying to automate things and to create habits, which it imbues with feelings of pleasure. Holding to the tried and true gives us a feeling of security, safety, and competence while at the same time reducing our fear of the future and of failure.”[i] Seems to make sense doesn’t it? Habits make us feel secure, safe, and competent. If we feel this way, we are less likely to fail, to mess up, to challenge ourselves or others. Who doesn’t want to feel comfortable? Who wants to fail? Not many us.
“But it is kind of sad to me to see how proud people are to wave off their responsibilities to keep their kids in check.”
For those concerned with Atlantic Yards, however, the story was Brodsky’s ongoing and unresolved effort to assess the proper level of public investment and subsidies in such projects, and the incomplete responses from government officials.
For the first time since we’ve been home from the hospital, we had a somewhat dramatic morning. Jason woke up around 6 am to discover a blue Sam sleeping in his crib. I’m not speaking metaphorically here—Sam was not depressed but physically blue, especially around his mouth and eyes. When Jason hooked him up to the pulse-ox, he found that Sam’s oxygen saturation levels were in the 60s (as you may recall from earlier posts, Sam’s O2 level is supposed to be at least 75, preferably in the 80s).
The next visitor turned out to be my great-grandfather’s brother who might have been either Andrew (1848 – 1924) or Joseph (b 1849).
I needed a project.
However, other teachers had SOOO many great ideas that I thought I would compile them here for you in a nice little list! Here are some of my faves:
i turn my back while the odds all stand beneath me
Here's a very rare EP by a band from Pomona, CA--not to be confused with the Flys from Boston or the UK or anywhere ellsseee.
So give a girl a hand…suggestions…ideas….ever seen a lampapalooza like this?
Now that I’m older, I realize that was pretty stupid.
Pay attention to the vibration that goes along with what you are studying. A sign that you are on the right track, earnestly learning what God has in store for you next, is to notice how you are feeling as you learn. If you feel heavy and bound up, restricted and oppressed, you are learning old doctrine that was meant for the time before Jesus came, or you are learning man-made, fear-based human version of religion, not what Jesus came to teach.
As I'm going out tonight.
Inferno, one of my all time favorite cities, has lost its charm. I liked it in heroes 3, I adored it in heroes 5 and now… I really don’t like it. First of all, their three headed dogs have lost their cool. You can now retaliate against them, meaning that they just… die… all the time. It has become a close to useless unit now. And then they have this abomination, the Breeder:
Total Time: 10 minutes
Well my Cool Fonts and Colors I used on our Real Letter are not on here, but here is our yearly Christmas/New Year Letter they are going out to Our Family, Friends, Church Friends, and Correspondents this week so if you are one of those you might want to wait and read it when you get it in the Mail :)
Here are ten comments/questions that no woman or girl EVER wants to hear. At the moment your giant brown puppy dog eyes may save you from a womans scorn, but in later years, if you don't heed my advice, you may need to learn to dodge oranges and raspberry slushies.
In Virginia, the maximum speed limit for limited-access highways such as the bypass is generally 55 mph, and a traffic and engineering study is required to lower the maximum speed limit.
He was making out with her, there was no transition from the small talk they were making. It was sudden. His tongue forced itself past her lips where she was now drowning in his saliva. Getting sloppier, Leigh was aghast when she remembered how many beers he drank before. Everything he was doing now was repetitive. Hands trailing along her frame, she became claustrophobic. Especially when he stopped. Pulling back, Leigh realized that he was nearly asleep.
So. First cycle. I quite like cycle 1 because of the raw and realistic feel to it. It didnt give characters archetypes, and it showed them from different points of view. The shoots on the other hand were not as good. This is the first of the series, a shoot for JLO Swimwear. Without further ado, best of the week…
And now, I do believe that the miniature Claire rant that I know I am going to regret later hiding above, I think it is time to spread my views about the romance in this novel. Because this book is mainly action and plot centred, the romance is slightly sparse. But what was in there was incredibly tastefully done, did not make me feel as if I needed to go and buy several packets of brain bleach. (Fortunately for me, it is often on special at Tesco's.) Anyway, the romance was good. It did not feel fake, and I am sure that Joe's feelings on the matter (however trivial and entertaining to poke fun at) would be authentic if one was in his position. And as for everything else in this book, the romance in Almost True gets a thumbs up. It may be the first romance this year that did not want to make me flush my head down the loo. (Why I would want to do that is both a mystery to me and you.)
I print these on Avery 18163 labels and just stick them accordingly. Enjoy!
It’s somewhat out of vogue to talk about the quality of jobs and the shape of the labor market at a time when unemployment is so high and the obvious issue is the number of jobs being created. This wasn’t the case prior to the recession, although rather specious reasons were given to justify the rapidly increasing inequality of wages as the outcome of superior education or productivity. What can’t be denied is that even before the recession, we were sliding into a highly unequal labor market in which many low-paid, insecure workers (50% of American workers made less than $26,000 or 230% of poverty in 2010) serve a small number of ever-richer elites.
Make sure I have printed everything I need from the computer, e.g.:
I happened upon this description of one of these people recently.
“No. The damn thing ran out of juice. So nothing went through. I guess I should charge it.”
My friend Cindy has a cousin who asked me to make baby shower goodies a few months ago. We decided on an 8-inch cake and two dozen cupcakes (blog post to come later), and also duckie and onesie cookies for the favors. I've made onesie cookies a few times before, but had not made duckie cookies yet. Luckily, I had recently bought this animal cookie cutter set, which included a duck cookie cutter!
MCR Company – MCR-066 - 1993
4shared hates me...
You can also put the CD in your computer and print out all the lyrics to the songs on the disc.
No desire for such geysers,
Meanwhile, as a licence payer, I am shown repeats of an old series, which I enjoyed at the time but would now rather watch something new, and that is hardly value for money just because 500 people, who probably look for things to be offended about, didn't know how to change channel or turn their TV off .
I don’t like going with a diet food delivery service… But if you do… Find a really good one.
Hugs from
Where all day there had been restlessness, I am now there in that novel — in the scene just written, in the race getting ready to be underway in Northern Ireland (in the real world) which the elusive character’s father was famed for winning before his death (in the novel). In the scene still in my head, wanting my attention. Awareness fills me, as it does, with the engulfing physical and emotional presence a work in progress can have.
Essentially, the phone companies have been helping the Bush administration to illegally spy on American citizens, without warrants, since before 9/11. Yes, before 9/11. While the arguments are always thrown out about how this is all to save us Murkins from the terrists, the Bush administration began the lawless spying almost as soon as he was sworn in.
The Old Testament is full of events and images that are given their full meaning in the life and ministry of Jesus. The story of God’s rescue of Israel from slavery in Egypt (memorialized by the Passover Feast) and God feeding Israel daily with manna (daily bread) in the wilderness loom large in John chapter 6.
arching her
In The Daily Telegraph we get some sensible pieces from Thomas Harding, but it is more reportage than analysis. And that is what is missing – decent analysis.
As a result of my virtual travels, I matured and rapidly developed intellectually. Political sensitivities arose early as result of the many hours of listening. My bullshit detectors were raised to hypersensitive levels, as I mastered the art of distilling fact from fiction or opinion. The sheer hyperbole of Radio Tirana's or Radio Pyongyang's english service was comical, even to a twelve-year-old. It was possible to listen to both All India Radio and Radio Pakistan's versions of the Indo-Pakistani war, before being mediated by the BBC for the central case, or the Voice of Israel's version of the Yom Kippur war relative to that of Radio Moscow. It became obvious that, by comparison to the BBC World Service, The Voice of America was almost as tainted as Radio Moscow, fighting as they were for minds on the front line of the cold war. Though despite all these defects, the variety of programs from talk radio, classical music, interviews with artists and writers in their respective countries provided enlightenment unavailable in American television or radio media, let alone my middle-school in an anodyne middle-class suburb. World capitals, major cities their industries and life, were memorized as were world leaders, forms of government and regional and historical travails. Geography and history became my favorite subjects, though my writing skills were honed as well.
Upon continued heating, the largest shrinkage will occur in the range of 348-400C (658-752F), which is accompanied by an exothermal (heat absorbing) reaction. This marks the conversion of metastable III-CaSO4 into stable II-CaSO4, or soluble anhydrite into insoluble anhydrite. This is a phase transformation in which the “crystalline hexagonal needle shape of III-CaSO4 converts to thicker, shorter needles of orthorhombic crystals of the II-CaSO4”. Under experimental recovery (cooling and rehydration of investment), it was found to reach zero recovery for the temperature of 800C (1472F). In other words, all III-CaSO4 was completely converted to II-CaSO4 by 800C (1472F). Paraphrased from the paper: “This is also a familiar phenomenon in the manufacture of plaster. Gypsum that has been heated to a red heat becomes inert in water and is called ‘dead burnt’”.
For the other bangle I embellished using some sequins I had. You can sew them on or use glue. You can try using jewels available in any craft stores too. Use your imagination and make it your own. If you make it please do post a pic on my facebook page here. Again, what do you think of this idea? What other color combinations can you come up with? What color dress can you carry these off with? Let me know.......
I love you – whoever you are – and pray that God may lavish His love on you this week in ways beyond your imagination!
During the first quarter of 2012, 724,746 people with disabilities applied for Social Security Disability Insurance, up from 660,712 the previous quarter and 720,119 a year earlier.
The latest reports on Emma state that she is suffering from a genetic fault that inhibits her ability to process vitamin B2 and other vitamins from her diet so she has been put on a vitamin B2 treatment.
What should I be looking for in an agent?
Cover Girl Lash Perfection Mascara in Very Black
Felix finds the Princess and she explains what happened: Basically, Uncle Duke was a mad scientist and in trying to build his robot army, he maimed himself and had to build himself that stunning oxrobot body. He was supes jealous of his brother, the then king and wanted all of the secrets to the kingdom, like the secret of the Dimental Poridge. But Oriana will never give them to him. NEVAR. And her daddy banned him to the land beyond the impasse. And then Uncle Duke did evil things and has now captured the princess.
Saturday morning I headed to the Raleigh Flea Market for some good junk hunting. I only occasionally come home with anything but I love the whole process and potential treasures that a flea market holds.
A little warm but drinking fluids!
This one is from First Kiss of Spring by Flergs and Sugarplum Paperie. I bought this kit a while back and am just now getting around to using it.
Zuzka’s posts made me realize that sexy people are mortals too. In addition to gaining access to a goldmine of recipe ideas, knowing that Zuzana was continually challenged with the day-to-day helped me in my personal struggles as well. Before discovering her site, whenever I would skip a workout or make a diet flub, I would berate myself incessantly until I a frustrated puddle of negativity. I didn’t allow myself to a rest, or to feel sick/bad/whatever. I expected top form 24/7, however; since Zuzana, I see that placing unrealistic demands on my body and mind won’t build me up. In fact, an over-load of expectations will achieve the exact opposite: burn-out city.
If I take care of my character, my reputation will take care of me. ~Dwight L. Moody
Add buttermilk slowly, mixing it in to form a batter that is free flowing but not too runny. With these proportions this quantity of water was perfect for me, if you change quantities, err on the side of getting a thicker batter when adding water, that can be corrected easily. Keep the mixed batter aside.
Bake for 12 minutes of until the tops of the cookies start to crack a little. Try not to over bake them, but don’t underbake them either. You want them them to crack on top, but not to look to dark brown. Let them cool on the pan for 3 minutes and then move them to a rack to cool.
I’m going to tell you there’s a good bit of truth in this story. I really had two males wolves and I used their real names in the story. Our neighbor at that time was named Joe and he really loved the wolves and they always got his leftovers. And finally, there really was a poodle. Now to find out what I’m talking about, here’s the story:
The lesser thugs all turned on the trigger man at trial. The trigger man's statement in the paper was after all that had happened he felt like he was a victim. Think about that. That is the mindset you are up against. "
Martin Luther spoke of this verse as the gospel in miniature and said this: “If I were as our Lord God, and these vile people were as disobedient as they now be, I would knock the world to pieces” Small wonder that Luther marvels that God should love the world at all. “God so loved the world” is a miracle in every sense.
Since I talked about Pintrest on my April 18th post, I just had to do something using it for my R topic. It is amazing what you can find on Pintrest and I thought it would be neat to share what I found there by simply typing the phrase: Really?
"Interesting."
Masala paste for filling:
Dr Whipsnade then gave Sir Paul his card before making his excuses and leaving in high dudgeon. On the way home, he made his chauffeur play the soundtrack of South Pacific to sooth his irritation. A few days later Sir Paul phoned him.
Narrative of the former boss of the company that controls gas about how the company (in those days–Administration) controlled gas under his direction.
This came out unbelievable. The taste is awesome. I found my goodness.
They would think, “Where did he get his insight? How did he know? Who is this man?” If they had heeded his warning in the first place they would not be in this position. But things were going to get worse; much worse.
Eleven days later I was released but during those 11 days I hit rock bottom and turned to the lord and said You know the truth and my heart in this situation please help me… when I was released I was told to go straight to the detective office so I did, and spoke with the detective and that’s when she told me that another man was arrested close to the same fashion never been in trouble with the law had the same drug in his system and was being arrested for aggravated assault against my wife…. The detective said that it struck her curiosity so she did a system search for my wife’s name to see if there was any other reports similar that’s when the female detective noticed quite a few other men were arrested in the same manner against her sister but what caught the detectives attention my wife’s name kept popping up as a witness with the events surround her sister, A pattern was emerging so the detective decided to release me and drop the other pending charges with the drugs found on me… I still had to go to anger management due to the Judges orders all though the charges were in consideration of being dropped which I got lucky the judge took everything into consideration and said I will drop the attempted murder charge and the aggravated assault charge can come off your record in 7 years if you stay out of trouble… which I did!
“In India, recent clinical studies have shown that men and women who take up yoga report wide improvements in their sex lives …”
or making them
How to make Maida Coconut Dosa:
However, it did yield that my blood count was low (haemoglobin) so I need to go in for a transfusion at the Churchill tomorrow (Wednesday) - it will likely take the better part of the day.
Then break out the whiskey.
Nope. Not. Don’t believe that anymore. Even before I read this eye-opening book, I realized that I needed to REALLY let God into my life. Why should it be embarrassing to say out loud that you believe that a higher power created life as you know it and that you want to be welcomed into the kingdom of Heaven? When the alternative is nothingness or Hell?
Billion Dollar Brows is brow salon and they are located in the heart of Beverly Hills. They more than specialize in brows they actually live and breathe it! They provide a long list of beauty brow treatments such as tweezing, tinting, and perming.
me: "oh! the Padres lost too... hehe"... "but they were more interactive with the audience"
BAD STUFF/CONCLUSION: It was an ok film while watching it, but it was a little confusing keeping track of the many unrelated characters, and we don’t know what the point of it all was. When done watching, it simply felt completely pointless. We thought it would wrap up better, but then it just seemed to kinda fizzle out at the end. Things keep going, but with a turn for the worse. Everyone keeps going with the shitty flow of their lives. This feels like the ending of the movie Wasted (2006) that we watched.
I’m aiming for getting to write mine in sociology. To begin with I wanted to write it on sex ed and whether or not it’s the parents’ job or the school’s to inform children and young adults about the risks and responsibilities that go along with having sex, but the more I’ve been keeping my eyes open lately…the more badly I’d like to do it on the treatment of LGBTQ youth at German schools.
That word doesn’t get old. Despite what my girlfriend may tell you after its constant repetition into the early hours of a Sunday…
I’m also the former spouse of a narcissist. This one is harder for me to admit. By conceding I gave over twenty years of my life to a person who not only didn’t value or love me in the way I (and maybe most people) needed, I have to acknowledge that parts of my life were stolen because I left the till open.
To quote Tyler Durden in Fight Club "Reject the basic assumptions of civilization, especially the importance of material possessions."
What Douthat is calling us to is a radical re-embrace of a small number of core Christian doctrines. This is hardly “conservatism” as it is seen today. Further, he predicts that the best way to do this is by embracing confessional and credal traditions.
Sunrise on the Texas Coast
“In both cases the bubble of popular enthusiasm and radical innovation was burst within a relatively short period. In both cases, however, the political ground-rules of the world-system were profoundly changed as a result of the revolution. It was 1848 that institutionalized the old left (using this term broadly). And it was 1968 that institutionalized the new social movements. Looking forward, 1848 was in this sense the great rehearsal for the Paris Commune and the Russian Revolution. … 1968 was the rehearsal for what?”
Rebecca after ending the call,goes to take a shower and gets ready for the shopping.
“That’s him,” said Ann. “My husband.”
"Hey, what if Ashton Kutcher tried to save a chick's life?"
She unfastened her seatbelt and alighted. From the look of the bags she began to take out, she had gone to get groceries.
I know that it is the black and white thinker in me that wants a what if scenario to be answered in a certain way. This is something that perhaps God is trying to rid me of. But what if you really don’t know what to do? What if someone says they found God in a space the bible says you shouldn’t go? Can you find God there? Is it God if He isn’t leading you out? What do you do then, when you have been doing community so well that your lives are so intertwined that you feel complicit in it even when you aren’t (or am I, Do you see my dilemma)? I know it is against every prescriptive bone in all of y’alls bodies. But can someone please just tell me what to do?
shocking ;-)
Now consider this: Life is the hot chocolate; your job, money and position in society are the cups. They are just tools to hold and contain life. The cup you have does not define, nor change the quality of life you have. Sometimes, by concentrating only on the cup, we fail to enjoy the hot chocolate God has provided us. God makes the hot chocolate, man chooses the cups.
Skills in calculation are strengthened through solving a wide range of problems, exploiting links with work on measures and data handling, and meaningful application to cross-curricular themes and work in other subjects.
"They all seem to like it because it can't be nice to have such cold teats.
First thing this morning I got out some paper packs to take with me to the Scrapbook Crop I will be at tonight - Disney & Space themed. I want to try and get some more pages completed for my Florida 2010 8x8 album.
Tara took me to this honky tonk bar - just my kind of place. Juke box, pool tables, big outdoor space with picnic tables. You get it. I love low key places like this. We were sitting outside for most of the night, enjoying the beautiful Austin weather. I went inside at one point to get us some shots, and as I was chatting with the bartender, this middle aged lady next to me turns around, looks me up and down, and says, "I'm cuter than you".
There was still time for me to showcase some truly abysmal volleying. Twice in space of a minute the ball dropped out of a cloudy sky, begging to be tanned at Hythe's goal. My first attempt caused a delay to a Hythe throw-in. No sooner had the ball been retrieved from a thicket of bushes I had an opportunity to redeem myself. This time I made a marvellously clean connection. Unfortunately, the connection was with fresh air. Later, in the West End Brewery, I confided in Kristian Hewitt. Age was robbing me of my ability. Kristian offered some consolation. With his hand on my shoulder he told me that age wasn't a factor. "You've never been any good at shooting," he laughed.
“When did you arrive in Britannia?”
I’m happy sitting on the shaded north-facing deck, and the dinner wind gusts a few desultory little puffs with no edge. At 5 p.m. gull traffic overhead – shadows and wing flaps – commuters, heading along the bluff in pairs or trios or individuals.
Boys on a regular basis really like diamond jewelry from a earrings major alarm clocks and just Quality, for the the women used in newl installed diamonds, necklace, anklets bracelet watch to have an inclination, and more.
Even in my dreams, I look for you
With the Queen's diamond jubilee celebrations approaching, now may be the time to start thinking about what outfit you are going to wear for the party.
‘‘(A) a review of the use by the Federal Government of such information for a purpose other than a cybersecurity purpose;
How bout y'all? What movies screwed you up as kids?
Days ticked past quickly and we moved onto Manuel Antonio – a tourist hot spot and a must see for most people visiting Costa Rica. This national park has wildlife I didn’t dream of seeing. But dream of it or not, it was real, and in your face. And I mean…monkey’s stealing your apple cores in your face! For the love of God, please respect that they are wild animals and not meant to be pet, have their tail pulled or have a camera flash in their face. Turn off your flash and respect their space.
Stir in beans. Season with salt and pepper. Cook, covered, for 30 minutes or until beans are heated through. Serve with bread.
Mr Valli was sporting an ill fitting *toop*
Serve with a simple salad and baby carrots. I steamed a package of frozen baby carrots then tossed them with 2 T brown sugar. There were no leftover carrots. No one in this house can resist anything made with brown sugar.
I take back my last post, and only wish that I would have taken a before picture of the "nursery". We took the kids to Braelyn's gymnastics, then swimming, and then dinner. It was a rather late night for the kids, but I wasn't too shocked since we've done the same thing in the past. What I was a little shocked about is that Justus (some of our best friends) was father of the year and brought his 3 kids swimming and to dinner with us and let Kyrsten have a night off. Honestly, the entire time I kept thinking (and was very vocal) "I cannot believe you wouldn't let me have a night off and bring the kids yourself Mike. Seriously, I'm the third wheel, extremely pregnant, and sitting on the side of the pool watching." Anyway, we finished dinner around 8:15 and came home. Because we have Braelyn's birthday party first thing tomorrow I rushed her upstairs to get her to bed, which turned out better than what Mike had planned. As I was walking down the hall I kept thinking that I smelled paint, and then I stopped right outside of the "nursery". I saw a flash (camera), but that wasn't even the part that surprised me. I saw the dresser sitting there, which confused me since Mike took all of the furniture to a lady to have painted (or so I thought.) Apparently something that I have known for a long time just became more real. I have the best friends ever! 12 of my best friends, and husbands all came up with the idea to decorate my entire nursery. They know me all too well. They know that I 1. Have no skills with anything decor, and 2. That I have been very stressed out about my "crunch" time and how I feel like it's never going to get done.
So, yes, I am writing this on my stoop, locked out of my apartment, unsure what on earth I will do this evening to get a good night's sleep. I can't very well wake up my landlords, they have three children after all, but I just don't know if the mosquito-laden front porch of my home will do it for me tonight. Hmmm. And don't think I miss the irony in all this. I, unofficial key girl of New York, LOCK myself out of my apartment, without my KEYS. There are just too many levels to explore here.
While I read for a while after breakfast, Nikki prepared her lunch. Soon after seven, I pulled up a video of our favorite coach, Gregg Popovich, answering questions from the San Antonio media regarding his NBA Coach of the Year award. We laughed at his self-deprecation. The man is a brilliant coach, yet passed himself off as just a lucky son of a bitch to be receiving the award. A few minutes later, it was time for me to hop on my bike and whisk off to work in Dundas. Nikki remained at the kitchen table, finishing up a letter to a high-school mentor. At 7:35 AM I cruised down our driveway, turned left onto First Street West and sped down the road.
“When I come across a work like this one I’m incredibly thankful. It’s the kind of film you almost think can’t exist until you see it: a rich and beautiful movie that leaves you satisfied, without ever trying to give cheap answers to the unanswerable. It made me want to take a walk in the mountains and maybe try to stare a fencepost down. Which is to say, I loved it.”
I have been hunting for night stands for at least 2 years. It's not like I was looking for anything extremely special. No specific style or size requirements, just two matching tables that were well built, had storage and were affordable. They didn't even have to be vintage, I was looking everywhere I even started to shop for new ones.
This is an ongoing story I've decided to write and put on my blog every Monday. Please excuse the errors, I'm only doing limited editing. Constructive criticism welcome. I wish I had a cute button on the side where the story could go but I don't know how to make a button. Even if I did I wouldn't know how to link up the story LOL. So if you miss a chapter, you'll have to look at my sidebar for it. The first chapter was written on October 23, 2011 so that should at least be some help,
If not for the efforts of the first-in engine, this would have turned into a big deal. It;s good they picked it up.
Looking for the perfect Saison to match with a Cassoulet? Well, then you should download the free Beer Cloud app for you iPhone. While there are only a couple of features to this app (Sommelier & Beer Styles), this is the one iPhone app I use the most. Definitely my favorite feature of this app (the only feature that works on my iPhone) is the Sommelier option. For instance, click on the Sommelier option and choose your dish and you’re returned results for at least two styles of beers to pair with your favorite dishes. The only draw back to this app is that I can’t get the Beer Styles option to work on my iPhone. What my version lacks with Beer Styles, the Sommelier features makes up for it two-fold.
She started her own literary ageny, Hen & Ink in early 2010 and represents authors from all over the world.
The linguistic conceptualization of MtF transgender in Cantonese is “Yen Yiu” which translates to “evil person” and holds very little room for other constructs. Other uses for the character “Yiu” are “Yiu Gwai” which translates as “monster” or “Yiu Hou” which translates as “evil queen” or a woman that uses sexual power or attraction to get what she wants. Simply put, the term “Yiu” translates as abnormal and can never be regarded in a positive light.
Featured here is The Twinery's Maraschino baker's twine with a Flax center.
Hollies He ain’t heavy, he’s my brother UK
In 2000 she appeared in the off-broadway production Avow, for which she received great reviews for a role which showed off her excellent comedic timing.
Long after his death Isaac Newton’s unpublished papers finally revealed a hidden obsession with alchemy. Newton was interested in particular with the Philosopher’s Stone, a proto-scientific cum mystical experiment reputed to transmutate one material into another. The Crown feared that the alchemists would devalue the coinage if they did one day manage to make gold coins out of lead. Newton, as Warden and Master of the Royal Mint, kept his alchemist musings to himself. Those who did not risked imprisonment and the hangman’s noose. The Crown knew then what many businesses are about to learn: even gold looses its value if it can be easily reproduced. This is precisely what is about to happen as a result of 3D printing.
mail waiting in a tray for me -- my son was under strict orders to take it in and protect it from
1/4 lb lean smoked bacon or prosciutto, finely diced
Location: 1 Mile North of Raton, NM
When I saw the red fox, it was moving somewhat in my direction, so I drove over to a mound that was more in line with the fox's line of travel, and waited to see if it would come close enough for pictures. With the cold temperatures (-25F/-32C), I kept my camera inside my fur parka that I was wearing. That way I don’t have to worry about it being out too long and having the battery frozen up when I'm ready to take a picture. When the fox was about 200 meters from me, it realized I wasn’t just a dark spot on the mound and changed direction, moving away. I started up the snowmachine and started following it, angling along its direction of travel. It let me get close enough for a few pictures before it picked up speed and loped off.
Its an entertaining review which I enjoyed reading, but there's an angle which the writer probably hasn't considered possible.
“If a woman runs around and if a man runs around with her, both of them should be killed,” said Mr. Kadyrov, who often has stated his goal of making Chechnya “more Islamic than the Islamists.”
No I don't wanna gain a pound.
Our talent listing, audition, and casting service is one of the most experienced and respected, fast and friendly entertainment casting companies. Talent can submit for acting jobs, casting calls, and auditions for acting jobs posted by casting directors.
Der Spiegel in 1958.
David Whitehouse, Joint Administrator, said: “We can confirm this afternoon that we are in receipt of two formal bids for control of Rangers Football Club. Both bids at this stage remain conditional.”
A young woman went to her mother and told her about her life and how things were so hard for her. She did not know how she was going to make it and wanted to give up. She was tired of fighting and struggling. It seemed as one problem was solved a new one arose.
Let us go, an hemo our shame
My question to you fine folks is: Are you guilty of this?
Unfortunately, it was windy every night and also cost $300 so we didn't do it.
I hate people who wear Che Guevara T-shirts.
Sure, I can't do half the poses, but who cares? I'm trying and I love it.
and wait
Apparently director deLeon is something of a legend in the Philippines, having been the most-awarded director of the county and the lens-meister of over 80 titles, of which Terror Is A Man is his most famous. ...unless you count Mad Doctor Of Blood Island, Brides Of Blood and Women In Cages. He does seem to know what he's doing here, and with cinematographer Emmanuel I. Rojas gives us a mostly-deserted island that is mostly dark, foreboding, shadowy, overcast and dingy even on what could be considered sunny days.
An example is how Nestlé launched a campaign on checking labels or the nutritional information normally skipped through by moms. How could they not? The back part of the packaging is usually a place of compliance and technicalities. It is full of texts and numbers of very small fonts. That part does not speak to the consumer. Yet, the Check the Label campaign extended consumer interface by facilitating the buyers’ understanding of nutritional content and value for money. The habit of checking the label might have been practiced across different products but pioneering the movement is attributable to the brand (or company).
So this realization that has been coming to me has really shaken my paradigm. I am seeing that sometimes it is better for me to get up and walk upstairs to get something up there I need rather than ask my husband to bring it down with him when he comes. Why? Because I get the exercise of climbing the stairs and strengthening my muscles.
On whatever the occasion,
None of us know what’s going to happen tomorrow, how it will change us, who we will become because of it.
My father is one of those amazing success stories of people coming to America for a better life. He was one of 14 children!!! His father was a famous saddle maker in Mexico, but also a terrible alcoholic:(
National Content Regulations!
First seed: Shaman
really ... I tried ... but I just couldn't resist making this creation. I made it a few weeks ago now and I just hope that I am not boring you with it. It is part 'in a nutshell' and part 'cigar box' creation and on top of that it is ... yes, another Wynken, Blyken and Nod creation!! I have had so much fun making this and I am more than happy with the way it turned out. It was a bit of a gamble the way I had planned to create this piece but it worked first time!
My favorite food is Mexican food.
Today Canada has a superior tax regime to that of the United States, and a much sounder fiscal situation. They are actually developing their energy resources, which they are happy to sell to us rather than the Chinese, just as soon as we approve the Keystone pipeline. And lately Canada has upset Saudi Arabia with an ad campaign about “ethical oil,” pointing out the unsavory nature of Middle Eastern regimes that oppress women. Seems the Saudis are not too happy about this, and are threatening lawsuits. Thought experiment: imagine how CAIR and Keith Ellison would react if such ads aired in the U.S.
When the oil in the fry pan is hot in just a minute or two, carefully spoon the mixture into the fry pan. The cooking mixture will begin to sizzle and in a few minutes the edges of the latkes will begin to brown. At that time, carefully turn the Latkes over with a spatula to continue to brown on the other side.
unfortunately there are some (not very loud) clicks, apparently from the
21. Auntie Cheryl's sock monkeys (oh how she covets them!)
My big dog is a purple cow. Not really. He's only about 125 lbs, and tri-colored (called Irish spotted). But he is a great purple cow if you're talking about something different and remarkable. A few things make him a great purple cow. Disclaimer: I love my dog. This list might be biased.
There is so much I want to say, so much on my heart, so many truths that need to be preached, but I don’t want to weary my readers with too much at once. Let me relate what happened in the last two days. I was driving home from getting the mail and as I approached the intersection where our farm is there was a Chihuahua dog running around in the middle of the road. It seemed to have no fear or concept of the danger vehicles posed despite me blowing my horn. I slowed and was careful not to hit it. There was a truck pulled over with a guy who seemed to be rearranging things inside the cab, so I hoped the dog belonged to him and went on. From the house I watched as he drove off and could see that traffic had to slow down and stop so realized that he didn’t take the dog with him. As I plowed later I saw this little dog in the field between our house and where it had been before.
When Tim Russert died, I learned about it when I was at the gym. They cut out from the US Open coverage and went to a big NBC NEWS SPECIAL REPORT graphic. Then Tom Brokaw showed up on screen, at which point I knew some serious shit was going down. Clearly, Brokaw was there to deliver some sort of tragic news. And, in that moment, I felt an emotion I really should not have felt: a very, very morbid sense of excitement.
Grue began ushering us out of the room, and we obeyed, except for Imp, who seemed to need a little bit of an extra nudge – Grue blocked her view of Regent and our captive with his body and put a hand on her shoulder to push her toward the door. Following, I cast a backward look over my shoulder, saw Shadow Stalker’s arm twitch. She winced, mumbled a swear word around her gag.
If you read Appendix C of the Standard it notes that they take into account when determining whether or not a garment is classified as sleepwear under the Standard. They also note in the last point of this appendix, that labels like 'intended for daywear' are irrelevant. This point also applied to the use of terms like loungewear and other names used to circumvent the law.
‘We’ is the Imago Therapy empire, which five years ago became a non-profit organisation. Hendrix had grown tired of operating a company and set up a board and director to act as the administrators.
Parents at a Massachusetts elementary school are furious after educators first removed the word ‘God’ from the popular Lee Greenwood song, “God Bless the U.S.A.” and then pulled the song all together from an upcoming concert.
I love this principle because in an age of seemingly unlimted information, it is too easy to entertain wild ideas that spread like wildfire on the internet and other media. I thought about this recently as we revisited the events surrounding 911.
they left for the night. They threw curious looks at Sé. Gwynn pulled her
I'm still trying to figure out what happened to all of Brendon's minutes for his Afghan cell phone. The last few nights have been frustrating because I tried to figure out why but all Brendon did was send one text, "Need mins" once every night for the last few nights. I did eventually get one that said "I love you" three times in one day. I'm really weird, but I hate things being repeated more than twice. Lol. I have no idea why, but I just do. Things are tight right now since moving into my mom's because of the land lord being foreclosed on and renting his house to me, knowing I would have to move. It's just frustrating. Anyway, it's almost the end of the month, so we may know what's available for PCSing. Anywhere but Colorado will be great, I think. I feel like we've had the worst luck since moving there. :(
Visas, Insurance, Cost of living….and any other “how to”s will be published soon.
So a about a week ago a friend of mine posted on Facebook the latest Katy Perry music video. I will admit that my musical tastes have always been a bit behind the times…but I found it enjoyable.
2 Tofurky Italian sausages, sliced
The kitchen was originally broken into 2 spaces--the kitchen and a small breakfast nook. They tore down the wall and opened up the entire space.
Alicia Caudel lives in the Pacific NW. She says her inspiration for her self-portrait is simply all that she treasures. "I am a quirky girl with many loves and adoration, and as such I wished to represent as many of these affinities as possible." website here and blog here
Key Players: Perry Jones III (14 ppg, 7.7 rpg), Pierre Jackson (13.3 ppg, 5.8 apg), Quincy Acy (11.8 ppg, 7.2 rpg), Quincy Miller (11.1 ppg, 5 rpg), Brady Heslip (9.6 ppg)
This is the area in which Catherine Cookson was born and featured so extensively in her books. I believe that The Alkali was mentioned in her book "The Hanging Man", though I can't confirm that as I've never read any of her works.
Him: We just had 'The Blanket' talk at work.
We should be helping them move here. Paying of limited debts and providing free transportation and support, finding them employment or encouraging them to start their own businesses. We should follow the Israeli lead and bring their children, our kin, here for a free vacation that teaches them about their blood, their history and creates that bond that will last a life time.
You don’t need ‘green fingers’ to be able to successfully grow fruit trees in your garden. Trying to keep the trees in ideal shape can be due to a few simple processes that anyone can do.
The trip home is what will be remembered... We boarded the 'fast train' and in my state of relax I didn't notice a couple of pertinent points. The train was departing from a different track than normal and carriages were not regular TGV style... Could it have been the champagne? We settled into our seats, left the station and chatted about our day... until I heard the chef de bord announce over the loud speaker the words, 'Avignon Centre'... You can see where this is going... By accident, I had booked our returns on the slow train to the wrong station... Instead of a speedy 2h40minutes we would be rocking through the French countryside for five hours something and arriving at a different train station from the one in which I had left our car that morning...
Business Analyst (Job Code – Business Analyst)
Directly behind Pizza Cave is the municipal parking lot where the Farmer’s Market is held.
So poor single mother, coping all on her own. She has to sit there for 28 days, and she is very steadfast, I have only seen the nest left once...(in fact I was a bit upset, I thought she had abandoned the nest and there was no sign of the eggs - does anyone know if she would have buried the eggs deep within the nest?? or do I have a tragic phantom egg situation?)
After visiting the Memorial, we stopped by another lovely covered bridge that was, appropriately enough, located on Covered Bridge Road. Then it was on home. The trip home was pretty long and we were glad when arrived safely back. We had a wonderful time and would highly recommend this trip to others. For now, though, our bags are unpacked and in the closet. Waiting for the next adventure!
We had Grandma 'Nee and Grandpa Jerry all to ourselves for 2 days.
Drawing on scenarios more usually encountered in teen horror movies, Torn is the gripping story of schoolgirl politics getting way out of hand. Cat Clarke's follow up to bestselling debut novel Entangled takes a fresh look at what happens when a group of teenagers are given a taste of freedom on a school wilderness trip... with truly disastrous consequences. Part murder mystery, part psychological thriller, Torn is essentially a book about growing up - think coming-of-age story, but terrifying. It's about that moment when you realise that crying to your parents or hiding behind the sofa won't fix things - that sometimes life can spiral out of control and there's no way back to the safety of before.
The emotional ice jam has broken. I am well on the way to healing the emotional pain after the devastating loss of my first grandson to be. Life must continue, even though it continues without the love of someone who never had a chance. Emotional pain is a powerful force.
Please scroll down for current challenge. We are having a DT call and are looking for 3 new members to join our team. If you are able to commit to making one piece of work a week, and commenting on challenge entries and would like to apply to be considered for a place, then please add a link to your favourite piece of work on Mr. Linky below.
Skip It. Skip It was my generation’s Wii. We couldn’t get exercise virtually so we had to play with real, physical toys. Skip Its covered the playground back then… as did Razor Scooters and Devil Sticks. Do kids even go outside for recess now? Or do they stay inside playing video games… or sit outside on their iPads? Serious question.
As the door opened we were let into a room where you see a montage of Harry Potter posters from across the world greet you to remind you that the world of Harry Potter practically took over our one, we are then treated to how the transition was made from books to film so this very much serves as our prologue.
(Photo courtesy of Norm Hall/NHLI via Getty Images)
This job is for a real mechanic not my can-do-just-about-anything husband.
2. Spread the goat cheese over the bread and top each tartine with a few berry halves. Sprinkle with black pepper and finish with a couple drops of balsamic vinegar, if you like.
There are three signs made from the element of water: Cancer, Scorpio, and Pisces. Why is Cancer the sign set aside as being “exalting” for Jupiter? Why not Scorpio or Pisces?
Faith Hill – Audrey Faith Perry
The five young men walked out onto the empty platform as the train doors hissed open. Yawning, inviting Ben to step on into it's artificial brightness. No one got off the train. No one seemed to be on it. The digital station clock had stopped, still ticking but hooked on the same second (23:45:08), flashing over and over as though the winter had frozen time as well as Shatterbury. Nothing here would take place now until Ben got on this train and the doors closed behind him. But the question was... what would happen after that? If he was to infiltrate the Shatters, he would have to brave this initiation.
· Chuck Flask, talent buyer, Paxahau
a continual cacophony of background sound
As far as experiencing the story as an audio book I have to say I loved the character voices that the narrator did. The changes she made to her voice were just right for each character. My favorite was Iko’s voice. Perfect. But the audio itself kept me really interested. The plot was rewarding. I liked that the romance with the prince was spread throughout the story (honestly ‘fist-pumped’ while running a few times due to romantic happenings). Learning about Cinder’s cyborg system and her history was peppered across the story as well…it made me want to run longer just to lean more!
There are some wonderful prizes this week and you will want to get in on the goodies.
Fortunately, I couldn’t walk away from such a thought provoking matter without fully considering the possibility that there may be some truth to it. Slowly, I began to see that we all, at some point, deny the truth in favor of a lie that feels better.
Once the cake was cooled, I put the first cake layer on an 8-inch cake round, and then piped on a layer of the filling. Then, to add extra cherries jubilee flavor, I brushed on some of the sauce onto the top of the second cake layer, which I then inverted onto the filling layer.
Making things even more interesting, one of the sales was a community sale, and they had a map of the area, with dots for all the individual sales in that community! So we had to pause and work out a route the old fashioned way – arrows written on a map. It was a route-of-yardsales within our route-of-yardsales. It was like we had an array of addresses to visit, and one of those addresses was itself an array of addresses.
I've really come to the point in my life where I just think that all my life I've been good and been shit upon by people in due process. All my life I've always asked questions and disagreed with the status quo and been reprimanded for it. Now at 40 I want to enjoy life again. I don't want to continue what I do, educating myself and in due process uncovering yet more horrors of reality, yet I know that I'm addicted to it and there's no cure. It's a horrible position to be in. It's not like a job you can quit and then go and do something else. Once you step onto this path there's no turning back. So my life will be one of learning more and more of the truth, telling it to people and being ridiculed and attacked in due process, no matter that everything I tell them is 100% fact. It's not really a nice thing to envisage is it? How can I be called negative if what I say is the truth? Would I be negative if I put my money on Linford Christie winning the 100m against that fat bloke over there who never exercises? The bottom line is people can't handle the truth. What I want to see is people putting up blogs and writing whatever they want to without any fear of being reprimanded for their solutions to solving the problem and permanently removing the NWO from the world. This won't ever happen, purely because of conditioning. You cannot beat the system legally, because the legal system is the system.
"If it were true, they would have won their case," he said, noting that no court found the ADL guilty of any wrongdoing and that the group will continue its monitoring work.
Holidays are full of traditions… and in the Camerino family, we’ve got a few old oldies, but goodies.
Unless there are some significant changes along the lines I’ve mentioned, I think that it’s regrettably quite clear that the 2000 signatures needed for an election challenge will be forthcoming.
Situation got chaotic as we were trying to run away from the tear gas(the riot police vehicle with the water cannon were still behind the barricades). However, in the chaos, I saw something else. We were sharing salt & water and young men helping old people to move away from the tear gas. In front of me I saw a Unit Amal Malaysia man protecting an old chinese uncle shouting "Ada orang tua!" to make sure that nobody pushed him.
breakfast: whole oats with a spoonful of crunchy peanutbutter and lots of blueberries, no sugar.
Even as the Treyvon Martin case saturates the airwaves, why is Corporate American Media concurrently failing to report what Russia Today has, that 2 American aircraft carrier task forces and 2 Marine amphibious assault groups have been deployed in the Persian Gulf region for reasons obvious? And that a third American aircraft carrier task force is due to join them in another month? And that thousands of American troops are being deployed to Israel? Why does the average American of any skin color not know of the utilization of the terrorist Mujahedeen-e-Khalq (MEK/PMOI) by the Israeli Mossad and the Neo-Conservative wing of the American intelligence community for criminal actions in Iran, including the assassination of 5 Iranian nuclear scientists and what the Washington Post terms an “unexplained” 5-fold increase in explosions and bomb blasts in that country in the last two years, especially in Iranian Azerbaijan, Khuzestan province, and Balochistan province? And why has the cogent analysis of Pepe Escobar on the American Imperial Wars in Central Asia escaped coverage by Wolf Blitzer and Dana Bash of CNN, and Sean Hannity of Fox?
Have a great time, guys! I'm really looking forward to seeing your creations!
Through the next several days we will be posting a series of articles that we feel we are duty bound to do. In fact, for the greater sense of survival and civility in the United States we also feel that it is only fair to bring in two other extremely important factors: Illegal immigration and Medical costs by taxpayers. We’ll start with asking a simple question:
I knew I didn't have a week or two {or, let's be honest, 3 or 4 at my pace} to slowly work on these and let all the primer and paint cure properly. We had just got back from California and my sister, and Mom and other sister who drove up with her, were coming soon. So I finally gave in a ordered some chalk paint. It was every bit as wonderful as I'd heard! The paint dries SO fast and you really don't need to sand or prime, amazing!!! I got 2 colors, old white and paris gray. I figured some basic neutrals would be a good first choice. That way I could use them on future pieces too.
you can reach the same result by counting the number of letters in a phrase. what you are doing is just more complex.
The owners, Cody Ritson and Judy Steele, who are from New York City, opened Rock Da Pasta in 2008. The decor and the menu are expressions of their love for music. The restaurant is small and filled with rock 'n' roll memorabilia. The walls are decorated with classic album covers and the tables host a huge array of concert ticket stubs and other collectibles under the glass tops.
Luck is one of those shows where little seems to happen for 50 minutes but it is entertaining anyway. It is also one of those shows where you don’t realise how good the acting is, it is just there. That is usually a sign of two things. 1) The acting is good, and natural, 2) The show inhabits a world that feels “real” so everything that happens seems credible. Luck is a strongly written show which has both of those. This weeks show prior to the race we saw, led me to comment that all the horses we watch seem to win. Then “our” horse pulled up lame. I’m not sure whether Escalante knew this might happen, and was therefore using the claim process to get rid of a duff horse or not. It wasn’t even clear when Marcus explained it in the hotel. Sometimes this show is like reading an academic text book which you need to learn, one where you need to read a passage several times to get it. Unfortunately here we can only read it once.
Occasionally, I’ll come across blogs like these that fires me up to wanna try it straight away! Here’s a Singaporean mommy, Elaine’s take on her kids’ lunchboxes, totally inspiring, I tell you!
I know what gives me sweet slow release
The thing that started me thinking about this was a recent trip to that there London. The Euston Tap especially - for the first time in a 'bar' I felt I was in a supermarket pub. Tiny space, join the queue, pay for your product and move away to make space. No banter. No chit-chat with the tired and fed-up looking staff. And a beer list that heavily featured Brewdog.
In 1987 on the Sunset Strip, a small-town girl met a big-city dreamer – and in L.A.’s most legendary rock club, they fell in love to the greatest songs of the ‘80’s. It’s ROCK OF AGES, a hilarious, feel-good love story told through the hit songs of iconic rockers Journey, Styx, REO Speedwagon, Foreigner, Pat Benatar, Whitesnake, and many more. This 5 time Tony nominated musical, with a star studded motion picture in the works, is rockin’ its way across the USA. Don’t miss this awesomely good time about dreaming big, playing loud and partying on!
We didn't get a chance to taste the Sportastic sports drink, but Tracy and I are looking forward to recommending this attractive drink to a client for an upcoming bar mitzvah with a baseball theme. Fortified with B vitamins and with only 4 grams of sugar, instead of Gatorade's or Powerade's 35 grams, the parents should be pleased with this healthier alternative.
As things got better was it hard to say that he had no idea,
PEOPLE: This was probably the best movie the two lead actors (Ken Marshall, Lysette Anthony) ever did, and they’re both basically TV actors now. The director is some old director I’ve never seen any movie of other than “Breaking Away” as a kid. Liam Neeson was really the only name that rings a bell, and even that is barely.
This being the season for it, I've been doing a lot of clicking lately: clicking to enlarge object, to enter selection in shopping cart, to proceed to checkout. The riches of the planet, including gold, frankincense, and myrrh, are at my reach as I recline on my studio bed. All I have to do is click.
Coca-Cola Plant Billboard Absorbs Air Pollution
“WE ARE NOT A HARDCORE BAND”
It is a time when we can also put away the old, harvest the unused ideas, unhealthy habits, and plant anew for the year. It is the time of rest.
The courtyard flashed across her mind. Two men with sacks and another sweeping disinfectant out into the street. She had never seen the wooden gates open before, but there was always a puddle of disinfectant outside in the mornings. What did they have in those bags? What were they trying to wash away?
I feel like I need to scream and pinch myself to wake up only to cry myself to sleep all over again. These dreams won’t last forever, but they aren’t dreams at all anymore. Maybe I am a savior, a hero. Maybe I am a madman.
definitely do not do justice to the project.
2. What is your dream job?
G texted: “every little helps.”
3) Surprised that I have a few other relatives researching our family tree as well – all I had to do was reach out on Internet research sites, and there they were!
It is a three tier structure all popular all related to some conflict and each has its us against them, this type of unrest from NATO troops, Peace Campaigners for or against war in Afghanistan and the people who these conflicts effect home and away.
- Also, looking to increase budget accountability by setting up an Independent Office for Budget Responsibility ensuring the Mayor’s Budget is spent properly and efficiently.
This room was my favourite. When DBS first told me that this event was due to involve whisky, chocolate and a kind of planetarium experience, he knew that I’d be excited; three of my favourite things!
Get home late, go to exchange some cheese
Cairns continued from there in a sort of haphazard way although we ended up finding a few herd paths to follow as we had to find better spots to cross the tops of the other waterfalls. Making our way further on the plateau proved a bit more difficult than it looked on the map. The map depicted nice wide contour lines which somehow wanted to translate into “nice grassy meadow” in my head even though I knew it wouldn’t be anything like it.
Nebraska state constitution Art. I, CI-4 "All persons have a natural and indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own consciences."
Our lovely DT Co-Ordinator Courtney who has made our challenge blog what it is today, is saying a final goodbye to us today but she will be announcing the winners of our Happy Birthday challenge later.
leaving behind a sci fi that is just about a quarter complete, a fantasy barely written, a poetry collection due for e publishing in March with quite a few missing pages, short stories to be drafted and rewritten from scratch.
Having said that, this book was an enjoyable 'fictional' read. Yes, remember, it IS fiction. The author has an engaging way to capture you to believe that what you are reading could be real. Maybe some of this could really happen, but don't be pulled into basing your after-life beliefs on fiction.
Sometimes my Horoscope is SPOT on & then I get a little freaked out...
Now I was walking to school and I stepped on some jelly. I saw a UFO on the roof of Pease.
Tuesday 1 May, 2pm-3pm, Bus 1.29
I've added to my collection of various books I'm currently reading, Capital Walks:Walking Tours of Ottawa, by Katharine Fletcher. I have to find her Historical Walks, so for now this is giving me a way to learn more about my city, both for myself and for my main character.
Note the god-like opening his last paragraph (in red). We’re infidel foreigners, on our way to going broke. Pakistan has 170 million people. Belief that we can substatially affect Pakistan’s problems is hubris — the excessive pride that leads to self-destruction.
I have been looking after my Herman for 5 days now, so we’re halfway through his growing time. I think I’m going to go for the Ginger cake version when I cook him.
I guess he returned and his friends finally told him I called. He called me and we met up later that week. We lived 2 hours from each other so we spent most of our getting to know each other on the phone. Yes, the phone had a long spiral type cord and I had to stretch it to it's max to get some privacy to talk:) We really fell in love over the phone. I am quite a talker:)
I broke up with him during the time I am in love with him. I called it quits not because I doubted his love for me, rather my whims of a relationship had not been fed. What’s worse to think now is, I loved him much more even the both of us were already apart.
Altra Zero Drop Footwear features the world's first ever line of fully cushioned Zero Drop™ running shoes
Then when a woman of that town, who was a sinner, learned that Jesus was dining at the Pharisee’s house, she brought an alabaster jar of perfumed oil. As she stood behind him at his feet, weeping, she began to wet his feet with her tears. She wiped them with her hair, kissed them, and anointed them with the perfumed oil.
There were thousands of people protesting against them today in the center of Athens.
Because in and around me
Blog: 139
This sheds light on why mixed orientation marriages, where one spouse is same-sex oriented, almost always fail. Statistics suggest that up to two million gay men and lesbians in the U.S.have married heterosexually in the belief that the only way to achieve a loving, committed relationship and a family is to enter the traditional form of marriage espoused by their family, community or church. In doing so, most gay people deny, ignore, or leave unquestioned their orientation. As the heterosexual spouses who have lived through a mixed orientation marriage have repeatedly indicated, eventually those feelings can no longer be suppressed. After a painful struggle between fidelity and truth, love and deception, many come to terms with their suppressed orientations. In the majority of cases, the couples divorce, leaving broken families and single parents across the country. Thus, the gay or lesbian spouses’ attempt to commit to a heterosexual marriage endorsed by their churches and others ends up hurting not only themselves, but also their wives or husbands and, most importantly, their children.
The question is who is to benefit? On the one hand, it gives the U.S. new opportunities for selling its weapons to the stalwarts of democracy in the Gulf region. But, on the other hand, one cannot get rid of the impression that the whole wave of the so called “revolutions” in the Middle East initiated in Tunisia in December 2010 and having Iran as its ultimate aim serves the interests of only one geopolitical player in the region – that is, Saudi Arabia with its satellites.
“My daughter has had diaper rash for 2 months, I have taken her to the doctor and put her on antibiotics, I have tried every cream out there, and after just 3 days of using your Baby Wipe Companion her rash is clear, thank you for making such a great product.”
This story, broken by Breitbart.com over the weekend, initially led the National Scholastic Press Association to defend Savage’s speech. They commended him for his “level of thoughtfulness,” saying it is important for journalists to “listen to speech that offends you.” Now this group, along with the Journalism Education Association, has said that Savage’s speech fell short of the standards of civil discourse and has apologized.
Baked Prawns Head-On With Caramelized
A happy corollary of the last part of this pensee is that everyone sees some truth. Therefore we can learn some truth from every one and every philosophy, even those most disastrously in error . . .
Here’s the scenario. I come downstairs in the morning and notice that the cat has been sick on the carpet. My first response? I look for the grown-up who is going to clean it up! My second response? Perhaps I can pretend I didn’t notice so that my husband will do it. Third response? The realisation that I am it. I am the grown-up who has to clean up the cat sick. This can be applied to tidying up, hard financial decisions, determining whether the children are sick or injured enough to need the emergency department at the hospital or if it can wait until the morning and even as far as what to make for dinner tonight and who is going to do it.
The final component is the uv clarifier system. Again, I chose a simple and inexpensive one and it works great. This may not be necessary if you do not have fish in your pond because the plants will help to keep the water clear and control algae blooms. If you do have fish, a uv clarifier is essential. Please trust me on this one. We did not get one of these until about 3 years ago and wow was it worth it. Prior to having one, our pond would fluctuate between being crystal clear and looking like pea soup. We tried everything to fix it and had no luck until we got a clarifier. A pond that has just had an algae bloom is not pleasing to look at. Would you rather have your pond look like this
All of that to say.... it is funny that I am writing a blog post about sports! In a sense, I may be turning over a new leaf!
It basically tells girls they should live their lives like a montage from an 80's teen movie (Splash in the ocean with your friends! Try new food, even if you don't think you'll like it! Go on a roller coaster riding marathon! Write poetry on the front of your notebook!). Really- do fun, spontaneous, original things-- but only so guyz will think you are a real keen free spirit cool gal! I mean, screw it if you don't LIKE roller coasters, or poetry-- that's NOT the point. You are just trying to be catnip for boys.
The Wallace Road images were scanned from slides with minimal-no processing. It is a rare treat to see some of these old slides again! I can't wait to see more and have more of my image collection available in digital form.
in an attempt to soften this mean little man i pretended to cry as i walked out of the room. my faux-bawling was interrupted by a shout-
Recent years have shown a surprisingly soft labor market, to the extent that in the recovery from the last recession, the labor force participation rate actually declined and then flatlined, as we can see above. This is not normal. In the past, a recovery in a recession would tend to see participation rates rebound or increase as employer rehired their laid-off employees (as was the case in 1953, 1957, 1960, and so on) now we are seeing that economic recovery can no longer bring participation rates back – and at best hold things steady.
Ross and Winnie write to each other during his absence but the job ends up lasting longer than he expected. When McElwee finally sends her a letter that says he has finished and will be back soon, he receives a reply from Winnie telling him that things will have to be different once he's back. He can guess that this doesn't foreshadow something positive. Upon his arrival on the island, Winnie informs him that she and Michael now live together. McElwee asks what happened. "Michael was here, Ross, and you'd moved on, filming," Winnie admits. For awhile, Ross tries to stay on the island anyway but eventually it gets to be too much and he knows he can't handle being the third wheel in a buggy atmosphere when he has a long-delayed film to make. What brought him to the island in the first place was that it had served as a staging area for Sherman's troops at one point. "I didn't handle things very well with Winnie," McElwee confesses in voiceover. "By leaving her for so long, I sabotaged myself. If I really wanted things to work out, I would have found some way to come back sooner." Once he's off the island, he also acknowledges "a creeping psychosexual despair" had entered his mind.
Switch on.
Last year I blogged about our search for a new energy efficient home. We were keen to find somewhere with more space that wouldn’t cost a fortune to heat. Average energy bills have jumped by around 20 per cent this year. So being energy efficient is a financial priority. Who wants to spend a fortune on heat just to have it disappear through un-insulated walls and windows?
“You guys just don’t understand what it means to be punk. But I love you both anyway.” She said looking slightly over her shoulder. The loud music began to fade away and she could feel Wendy’s eyes concentrating on her. There was genuine concern in those eyes. She planted a kiss on Wendy’s forehead, leaving behind a silhouette of black lips.
Before I tell you the story of my wedding day below, I'd like to ask you all to stop by and wish someone special a Happy Birthday!
3/4 tsp baking soda
Hope to see your layout uploaded soon!!!
But - we threw them on the grill...
Would I buy this beer? Yes.
26. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles- “Heroes in a half-shell; Turtle power!”
- The neighborhood bought the metal accessories for and spent an hour putting up the quilt my husband's grandma made. Its another story, but all in all I'm thankful that I moved to an area with great neighbors! Miss Moonbeam thinks its become customary that when she visits or otherwise sees some of them they should provide her with soda and various candies ;-)
Christy E - Small Magnet from Marie's Centsable Savings
So after a night of interrupted sleep we set out on a coach trip around the Ring of Kerry. The company was Deros Tours and it was well worth the money we spent for all 6 of us. Words can’t describe the rugged beauty of the landscape and the breathtaking vistas. This was on a cloudy and rainy day. I can’t begin to imagine what this would look like on a sunny day.
Do writers have this responsibility to their readers? I guess that’s up for discussion. Some writers write simply to entertain and not to impose their values onto their readers and certainly not to offer any type of guidance. The world we live in today is crammed full of bad things though. Readers want to escape the realities of this world. They want to believe that good conquers evil. That’s where the beauty of fiction comes in. It can be an escape. It can be fun. It can take the imagination to unimaginable places. It can also be a clever way to immunize the reader’s mind against the destructive forces of this world. But it doesn’t have to cause someone to stumble into wrongdoings or to open their eyes and desires to things of this world.
That was cruel and I just got up and walked away.
(I’m still looking)
Cognitive Behavioral therapy which is just a fancy term for - Don't let yourself get stressed out! *lol*
“When agents found the individual in question, they were told by the individual that he had used a white powdery substance that he found in the cell,” Roderick said. “The agents who found the young man in question called EMS, and field tested the substance, which tested positive for methamphetamine.”
Hugs & HaPPy Crafting Everyone!
Intellectual Property Rights Scout Badges will be presented to the qualified scout attendees who have completed the programme.
You know, I think that not praising is really, really tough. Not just out of habit, but because so many of us have been brought up to connect love with praise, and oh how much we want to love our children. And so many of us were brought up in oppressive or authoritarian or unplayful households, that we just want to tell our kids how amazing they are.
III. Post-School Activities (subtitled: it's your homework, I've already completed grammar school)
Running update: I am in week 5. On Monday, I ran three five minute runs, walking in between for three minutes or so. Actually, during one walking period, it was dark and a van drove up beside me on a deserted street and a creepy man got out so I just started sprinting up the block and cut my walk short.
I got quite a bit of traffic to my blog. On some days it was two, three, or even four times the usual traffic. I figured that it might increase a little bit due to participating in the challenge but I was pleasantly surprised by the number of visitors.
Good afternoon, hope you are well :-) Here I am with another card using the gorgeous new release Ballerina at Lili of the Valley and inspired by the Peaches and Cream challenge at Lili's Little Fairies :-)
Which brings me back to the original reason for my post. September is something of a celebration month in the Pilsner house with three of the five members having a birthday as well as Father’s Day, Dr Lager’s birthday and a full month of sporting commitments. And, of course, the accompanying beers.
I've been looking for a pattern that would allow big chunks of these prints. This pattern was in the recent Quilts and More magazine, and was really quick and fun to do. The large pieces are 8x18", so you can really see the prints.
Waist: 37 ⅜”- down 1 ⅛”
Fact #16: ”There is no Zuul, only Sara Lomas”.
This morning I miss my Nea, crazy crazy girl.
Baking Beans
Jesus is heading up to Jerusalem for a feast, and passes a pool near the gate. Many crippled, blind, and paralyzed people often lie by the pool. According to local legend, on rare occasions an angel of the Lord comes down and stirs the water, and the first person into the pool afterwards is healed. One of the paralyzed men by the pool has been crippled for 38 years, and Jesus asks him, “Do you want to get well?” The crippled man replies that he has no one to help into the pool when the water is stirred, and someone else always gets to it first. Jesus tells him to get up, pick up his mat, and walk. The man is healed. All this takes place on the Sabbath, and some Pharisees confront the newly-healed man and accuse him of working on the Sabbath, by carrying his mat. The man tells them that the person who miraculously cured him had instructed him to pick up the mat. The Pharisees look around for Jesus, but he has slipped away into the crowd. Later that day, Jesus finds the man at the temple and tells him, “See, you are well again. Stop sinning or something worse may happen to you.” The man then goes away and tells everyone that Jesus has healed him. (Matthew 9)
Today I am guest posting for Heather over at Raising Mighty Arrows. Please come and join me there. And if you have not had a chance to be blessed by Heather's blog yet, I hope you will stop by and "see" her. She has posts to encourage wives and mothers in their Biblical calling. See you there! Just click on the link above.
Her mother, Elizabeth Weir, is also suing the school for lost income and other expenses. She said she gave up her chocolate fortune cookie business - which she had expected to make $450,000 over three years - because her daughter moved from Geelong to live with her in New South Wales. She is also seeking compensation for $39,000 in rent paid when they moved to another house in Sydney. …
I felt like I hadn’t done any updating of our house in a while. I wasn’t really inspired and couldn’t find anything I wanted, so there wasn’t a lot of activity around here. I think I was using all my energy on recipes and Christmas gifts and whatnot. Now that I don’t have that stuff eating away at my time, I am anxious to get back to home decor.
My definition of style..when your clothes are an extension of your personality. I always think about this when I look at the street fashion photos you can find on Glamcanyon (glamcanyon.blogspot.com), these portraits are so real and expressive, the outfits featured seem to be a real essence of the person.
the lighthouse flash
You are the most amazing man I know. You love me fully, you make me laugh daily, you smooth out my rough edges. And even after 4 1/2 years together, I still see Jesus in you more than anyone else I know. I am wildly in love with you.
and today was a bonus day off....I was going to clean.
This is not to say this work has been easy. Many of these conversations are painful and difficult. At the second General Assembly (GA), a debate emerged regarding the use of the livestream at the GA. Since the initial planning meeting, Occupy NOLA had been posting photos and videos on Facebook without those in attendance's permission. Myself alongside several others from the anti-racism working group raised the concern that having the entire area videotaped led to the space not being safe or secure for a variety of folks: immigrants, trans folks, queer folks, etc. and offered the proposal that 1/3 of the space not be included in the livestream.
Fennel
White didn’t know about the incident until this year, but the Post reported that he had “long been bothered” by it. We demanded a correction.
Excited but also feel a bit sick.
Designs by Snowlady has a new kit in stores today: Garage Sale is a fun kit with fun bright colors to scrap those fun garage sales or bargain hunts. It can also be used for everyday photos as well.
At this point, I’m sure that Ron and the other sales associate are having a great laugh about my own questions as well as that of his customer, another man, a little older than me, who is also seemingly asking questions. I’m sure the conversation was comprised of one central message, “Old Farts don’t know what they want. Let’s sell them a house phone.”
I have experienced so much joy and happiness coming across fabulously cool and innovative designers on Etsy and for that I am grateful!
After Bersih 2.0, he made promises and many of them took the form of new bills. Some of which opened up space and many of which only served to bring in more draconian measures. Whether it involved free assembly or electoral changes, the end result is that the measures introduced are not yet fundamentally about reform.
"You ever been tae Penzance, Mickey"?
If you are helpless, he is not.
Ram’s followers break the most promises. Krishna’s followers have no shame in taking dowry. Terrorists kill innocent people in the name of Mohammed and Allah. The followers of Christ bombed Hiroshima. Mahavir’s followers do not flinch at the dishonesty prevalent on the counters of their shops. Buddha did not believe in God, but Buddhists have made so many statues of Buddha that the word ‘Buddha’ (Bu-ut) came to mean ’statue’!
Robert Curatolo, 31, New York, N.Y.
I am so excited to be able to giveaway this HUGE prize pack of romance books just in time for Mother's Day. The folks at Hachette Books are the absolute best!!! Take a peek at this delicious prize pack:
Anyway, enough about me and my new beloved.
2) Complain about it
I turned and looked at him just moving my body not standing up. "No I'm mad at you"
Today I haven’t actually written anything, instead I have checked some facts in the text I wrote yesterday, and changing some details. It takes up surprisingly much time. Maybe not for everyone, it surely depends on the kind of story one writes. For me, it is important that my story feels real. And to get the feel of reality, the small details have to be right.
So if you’ve never heard me before, the clock is ticking for your transformation to begin.
Put all the remaining ingredients - except the dark chocolate and almonds - in a mixer and combine until all the ingredients just come together
The model Obama intends to use is the Truman model of running against Congressional Republicans. But Truman gambled that the country was far more a Democrat country than a Republican country and he won. Obama has been gambling throughout his Presidency that the country is a left-leaning country and he has consistently lost as a result. Continuing the gamble will continue his losing streak. The fact is, however much Congress may be hated right now and however much congressional Republicans may be hated, the country is more ideologically on the right than with Barack Obama.
Income Tax Increase
No, I'm sorry - The Future is NOT here. What we have instead is what The Future must have looked like in 1970s terms to a blissed-out artist who specialized in Peter Max and Andy Warhol - at the same time. And Arial Black? Is that the font of The Future? Must be, I guess. And what was it with all the excess white space in these posters??! Is excess white space The Future? Must be; look at how popular it's been since this. Thanks a lot, Lucas; why didn't you go back and re-edit THIS instead??
PUTAR: Do you think other countries can send their Municipal representatives to learn about cleaning streets from Pakistan municipalities?
What we got was a rollicking night filled with tales of travel and friendships, of mountains and medical emergencies and 200kg Mexican bedmates. You just had to be there.
No one I know has!
As the only Midwestern state where it is legal, Iowa is becoming increasingly favorable to same-sex marriage. 46% think it should be legal, and 45% illegal. But when civil unions are included as an alternative, giving gay couples the same rights as marriage, 40% still prefer full marriage equality, 30% favor civil unions, and only 29% think there should be no recognition of these relationships at all. When we asked the same question in April, the breakdown was 35-29-33. Democrats, Republicans, and independents are all more in favor of both marriage and civil unions than before, but particularly Republicans, 14% of whom favor marriage and 36% civil unions now, versus 10-28 four months ago. For Democrats, it is 63-23 versus 57-25, and for independents, 40-31 versus 35-36.
Colorbox Fluid Chalk inks used on natural color Neenah c/s - Wisteria & Olive Pastel used on the Impression Obsession Cover A Card stamps (CC078-Round Floral - stamped first; overstamped with CC058-Wispy in Olive Green). I didn't have design paper that I liked so I made my own background to go with the colors in the main image.The fluid chalk inks work great with a technique that I learned in an Impression Obsession class. These inks stay wet long enough for this technique to work really well. The doily was cut from some olive green lightweight paper, and a Cheery Lynn Doily (French Pastry-CLD-DL-102) was used & popped up. The main image (also popped up) has only a Magenta name on it, number 3F-154-J. I used Ranger Distress Bundled Sage to ink it; then used Faber Castell Big Brush pens, May Green, Chromium Green Opaque on the greenery - direct to rubber- and Magenta on the flower part. Spritzed this with misted water, then stamped. I used a Spellbinders Deckled Edge Classic Ovals Lg, #4, to cut & emboss the image, which was stamped on natural color Neenah cardstock. Then I decided to stamp a script stamp (sorry, forgot to write this one down!) inked with Antique Linen distress ink to stamp over it. I used Jill Foster's technique of wiping off part of the ink from this stamp, stamped over the flower image. The sentiment was a Hero Arts clear set (CL-272). I used just a portion of the entire stamp, as I've learned you can cut apart the clear set and it doesn't hurt anything. The purple borders were cut with SU Lace Ribbon Border punch, and I tried to complement the colors of the image and background colors. It's much prettier in real life (IRL!), but I'm still experimenting with the scanner & camera settings. I probably overdid the supply list, but I really am trying to get better with listing what I used. Hope you like it. Thanks for stopping in to visit. Have a great day.
Purchase an EBook Reader Online
I give it thanks for my first exposure to “White Light/White Heat” by The Velvet Underground, which I borrowed from a schoolfriend named Steven. I listened to Sister Ray and watched the picture disc spin round and round and round and round. Steven once took the chance of ‘phoning me so that he could volunteer to replace me as singer in the band I fronted. I refused and suggested he play drums instead. He didn’t.
This year’s event will have two starting points: at Sound Harley-Davidson, 16212 Smokey Point Blvd. in Marysville, and at Northwest Harley-Davidson at 8000 Freedom Lane NE in Lacey.
Nonetheless, this Voltaire would argue that all of this ‘stuff’ is of major social – and educational – significance and, as such, it would have been worthwhile to have properly captioned more than has been. Indeed, doing so would - according to this Voltaire - have made for a much more interesting and informative experience for the casual passer-by, interested bystander or student of music.
1-2 tsps of garam masala ( adjust acc to ur taste)
Mussolini remained neutral in 1939 and 1940 and only joined in Hitler's war when France had collapsed, Hitler already bestrode Europe and his overtures to Britain had been rejected. In such circumstances it seemed wise to be on the winning side. That was Mussolini's one big mistake and it was, of course, ultimately a fatal one. True to his pragmatism, in both wars Mussolini simply tried to side with the winner.
Love and Light
Son: What is politics?
1 cup (200 g) granulated white sugar
(Sep 29, 2006)
We headed to beach instead. My little guy was thrilled - he simply loved being at the quiet beach, with only a few other kids and older people splashing around. We played, he surfed and no way was I allowed to help him do anything. We built castles. We packed away as a religious man assured me my son wouldn't be bitten by jellyfish or bluebottles if I believed in the bible.
6. Wasserman, Stanley; Faust, Katherine (1994). “Social Network Analysis in the Social and Behavioral Sciences”. Social Network Analysis: Methods and Applications. Cambridge University Press, USA.
One of the things Stanley played that long-ago Sunday at the Coffee House was "My Favorite Things". There are no YT videos of him playing MFT, but here it is on Spotify.
You will be hearing more than you could ever want to about this in the next three weeks or so.
I used to love biscuits. And bread. And anything baked. And then a little over three years ago I was diagnosed with Celiac disease. Celiac disease is an auto-immune disorder in which the body’s immune system is triggered by the gluten protein (more specifically, a prolamine of the gluten protein called gliadin) found in wheat, barley, rye, and sometimes oats. At that point I didn’t know anything about alternative flours or how the heck I was going to give up my beloved bread. I didn’t even know much about cooking, let alone baking. So I starved for awhile. And then I got tired of being hungry and started researching, experimenting, and testing. When most people think about gluten-free cooking they think of rice flour, sorghum, teff, amaranth, etc. Most folks don’t think about nut flours. Poor almond flour is the red-headed stepchild of the gluten-free world. I love baking with almond flour, as it’s high in protein and gluten- and grain-free. Plus, it’s so much easier to use a single ingredient than trying to whip up a gluten-free baking mix from four different grain flours and various binding agents!
EAC-FLAC-LOG-CUE-SCANS 486MB
surrounds its own gold
In opposition to the Herodians stood the Zealots. This party was formed in A.D. 6 under the head of Judah of Galilee in opposition to Roman taxation. These rebels had some of the spirit of the Maccabees in their opposition to gentile rule and influence and desired to keep Judea free. It was not just to the Maccabees that they looked as a prototype, however, but to Aaron’s grandson Phinehas (see Numbers 25:7–13 ). During the Exodus from Egypt, Phinehas killed a man and a woman who had blatantly violated the laws of God in the wilderness and threatened the safety of the whole house of Israel. The Lord commended Phinehas for his “zeal” in defending the law of God. The Zealots thus reasoned that violence was justified in seeking to overthrow Rome. The Romans called them the Sicarri, from the Latin word for dagger, since they would sometimes mingle in a crowd with daggers under their cloaks. They would then assassinate those known to favor Rome or sometimes Roman officials themselves. Though violent, the Zealots were strictly religious, justifying themselves on the grounds that only through the overthrow of Rome could God’s kingdom come about. Their very name suggested great zeal for the law of Moses. Their initial rebellion in A.D. 6 was successfully suppressed by the Romans, after which the survivors went to the deserts where they continued to put pressure on the Romans through guerrilla tactics during the time of the Savior. After the death of Jesus, it was the Zealots primarily who led the revolt against Rome that resulted in the destruction of Jerusalem in A.D. 70." (2003, Old testament Student Manual, Religion 302, pg364-365)
UPDATE: this giveaway is now closed.
My world has dramatically expanded. Roy and I were reflecting that well over half the people we have met up with over the year have been people I know through my blog. These have been pleasurable and interesting encounters, and some people I met through my blog have become my real friends, and some real friends who read my blog know me better, warts and all.
Coloring: It's glow-in-the-dark stark white which isn't terribly concerning. You can always corpse it out a bit.
“Minnie, I can’t stand that dripping. What should we do?”
Prize Pack 1
Morning breakfast - ezekiel bread with peanut butter and 1 banana, 1 cup of Soy Milk/Almond Milk And Water
Two – Hot Dogs
5) One of the great things about polymer clay is that there is absolutely no waste. Just take the clay that was left over from cutting your shapes out and repeat steps 1-4 until you have the design you want.
Age of first tattoo: 23
The goal, I think, is to figure out how to become more dependent, not less.”
You could use natural yoghurt if you prefer and add as much honey to suit your taste. If you freeze any left overs, remember to take it out about half an hour before you want to serve - this isn't soft scoop!
The committee, which is chaired by former male model and society dame Butana Komphela, compared the Springbok to the Nazi swastika.
See Jane Lead by Lois P. Frankel
For a second entry into this "cutting edge design" draw you can post about our giveaway on your blog, facebook or twitter and then leave us a second comment on this post telling us where you shared. (Please don't forget to leave that second comment if you want two entires)
For example, when Tom could not put up with Phillip's consecutive insult and killed him on a ship, he ate heartily baguette bread just after his commitment of murder.
It came about when he had finished presenting the tribute, that he sent away the people who had carried the tribute.
When the march reached the library, it became a safe-zone for survivors and supporters to speak out and tell their stories. Three survivors came forward as well as several people who stood up to commend the survivors on their strength and show their support. To have three survivors willing to speak in a group as small as that was poignant because most people don’t realize just how many there are and how many they know personally.
October 29 Boston, MA Orpheum Theatre
parents----LIBERTY and BELLE---The first eaglet hatched
1 c cultured buttermilk (commercial or homemade)
ABC audit committee chairman Margaret Au-Yong said the mixup happened because of an internal glitch in ABC procedures. “We wanted to know why there had been a rise in sales this year,” Margaret said. The Star’s circulation manager and his team explained met the committee to explain their marketing and distribution strategies and plans. “After listening to their explanations and going through the figures and distribution lists, we were satisfied and approved the report,” Margaret said.
Star Trek is another favorite Sci-Fi staple. Again my least favorite episodes where the ones that took the Enterprise out of the action. Sure, on those episodes where the focus was on the principles on some planets surface there were the glimpses of the Enterprise orbiting the planet. To me however, thats like having a Ferrari parked in the driveway. My favorite episodes are those where the Enterprise is a part of the action. Give me Balance Of Terror over Shore Leave any day.
Is this the kind of guys I attract? Even if I hadn’t been married on each of these occasions, I still would not have been interested in these guys.
STEP 4: Set a pan with oil on a burner and let it heat up. When the oil is hot enough put the shaped, coated mashed potatoes in the hot oil and let it cook (fry) or till it is golden brown.
Please read this post, if you haven't already. It will tell you everything you need to know about how much my friend meant to me.
2/3 C Tapioca flour aka tapioca starch
Tivoli is located in a neighborhood that once suffered harshly from lack of investment and the crack epidemic. Today, this same neighborhood is rapidly changing due to gentrification. Tivoli Towers is one of the few buildings in the neighborhood that has not been gentrified as yet, due to its status in the city-sponsored Mitchell-Lama affordable housing program. When the landlord recently tried to sell the building and remove it from the Mitchell-Lama Program, the tenants sued — and won. Since several NYC landlords have successfully removed their buildings from this program, this proved to be a landmark decision and important victory in 2005.
‘But in that case…’ They quickly forced the game into a contradiction, which ended it. Unsteadily, they rose to their feet and looked about at the world outside the game.
Malika Zarrar: By God, Dr. Ali Gum’a, don’t deal with trivial things. Instead of undergoing surgery, she can use that crap they sell for 15 Egyptian pounds… How much does it cost now? 25 Egyptian pounds…
Nietzsche’s ‘mature philosophy’ is preoccupied by the origin and function of values in human life. He had come to believe that life neither possesses nor lacks intrinsic value, and yet it is always being evaluated. He described himself as an ‘immoralist’ and criticised Christian, Kantian and utilitarian ethics. He was especially interested in a probing analysis and evaluation of the fundamental cultural values of Western philosophy, religion, and morality, which he characterized as expressions of the ascetic ideal.
So when turbulent waters surround me
Plus, AP Biology couldn’t have stated it better than Elle from Legally Blonde when she exclaimed, “Exercise gives you endorphins. Endorphins make you happy!” Sounds perfect, Elle. Sign me up.
**INTERNAL APPLICANTS AT A SINCLAIR STATION SHOULD SEE THEIR LOCAL HR CONTACT TO APPLY FOR THIS POSITION. **
My sister LInda came to visit us in Montreal. I was always closer to her than my eldest sister Patricia who would tell me nasty stories of our mother and how mean she was.
by simply omitting the second chain in the corner and slip stitching to
The journey is dangerous, and a fateful encounter will change the course of their lives.
I am going to read Behind the Veil in Persia and Turkish Arabia / An account of an Englishwoman’s Eight Years’ Residence / amongst the Women of the East by A. Hume-Griffith, I picked it up for my Kindle
“TALK LIKE A DOCTOR. SHE WON’T KNOW THE DIFFERENCE.”
Another meal we had which was surprising for us, was a take-away paella! Steve and E ordered it along with pizza. As far as I know, take-away paella doesn't happen here in NZ.
Last Friday was National Public Park day and parks throughout the country offered free entrance. So Lucas and I took advantage of that to visit Magnolia Plantation and Gardens.
I almost called it a Tuesday
The reading guides accompany the Pacific Union Connect emails which provide daily Bible readings and ideas for prayer. If you are not currently receiving the emails click on the following link: subscribe to Pacific Union Connect emails.
Truthout has been able to reconstruct the real story of bin Laden's exile in Abbottabad, as well as how the CIA found him, thanks in large part to information gathered last year from Pakistani tribal and ISI sources by retired Pakistani Brig. Gen. Shaukat Qadir. But that information was confirmed, in essence, in remarks after the bin Laden raid by the same senior intelligence official cited above - remarks that have been ignored until now.
Ms Swisshelm was writing regularly for the Pittsburgh Daily Commercial Journal when fate moved her to begin her own newspaper. As she tells in Half a Century her autobiography, local abolitionists began to gather their scattered forces and wanted a Liberty Party organ. To meet this want, Charles P Shiras started the Albatross in the fall of ‘47. . . . He was of an old and influential family, had considerable private fortune, was courted and flattered, but laid himself and gifts on the altar of Liberty. His paper was devoted to the cause of the slave and of the free laborer, and started with bright prospects. However, after only a matter of months, Shiras’ paper failed. Swisshelm decided to fill in the gap. She convinced Robert Riddle, editor of the Daily Commercial Journal, to enter a business arrangement with her, allowing her to print her paper at his facility.
amazing in my sunroom. The coffee table isn't too shabby either.
I've used papers from both the Wonderland & Oz Cd's & a Martha Stewart punch to trim one edge of the card, I've stuck the Pink Polka Dot paper from the Oz collection inside the card so that it shows against the punched edge when the card is closed. I've coloured Glinda The Good Witch of the North in with Promarkers.
The following post may contain TMI. Sensitive readers should — wait, this is the Internet; sensitive readers shouldn’t be a problem.
Home is the place where a child learns faith, feels love, and thereby learns from mother’s loving example to choose righteousness.
It happens to me with negative energy, as well– something I certainly do not want in my life. Yet, when something happens that makes me feel out-right foul, I feel heat inside my body. I hear incessant banter inside my head: I have conversations with said offender inside my head. Lots of conversations. Maybe the issue here is that I need to be a little more, when appropriate, confrontational (oh, how I despise confrontation!). But if it would help calm the monkey mind…
A lot of people have plans to travel to see their own families on holiday weekends, so don't assume that your best friend will be able to make it.
Claudia Mahlman for painting the head, tail, and fins.
Now, it's your turn to win some twine and stamp sets to play with! In order to have your name entered to win this amazing prize, please leave a comment on each participating designer's blog post in today's hop. If you have been following along on the hop, you should have arrived here from Michelle's blog. If not, please start at the beginning - The Twinery blog so you don't miss a single stop of inspiration!
When she learned I did.
What was I talking about? Oh, persimmons. These folks I mentioned (I'll think of their name in a minute) had persimmon trees on their property, see? And I think also an auto shop, although my memory fails a bit, there. Pretty sure it was something to do with cars.
Paper: PTI Ripe Avocado, Dark Chocolate, Rustic Cream, Pink Paislee Bujterfly Garden (12x12 sheets)
I am deeply humbled and honored by the announcement that His Holiness Pope Benedict XVI intends to name me to the College of Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church at the Consistory which he has convoked for this coming November 20th. Having received the news of the Holy Father’s intention, I express my deepest gratitude to His Holiness for the great confidence which he has placed in me, and I renew my commitment to serve Him, as Shepherd of the universal Church, in total fidelity and with all my being.
March 16: Mangum saying that she was 70% certain of seeing Seligmann at party, but couldn't remember where. That should have ruled him out as suspect.
I threw my hat on the kitchen table and unequipped my broom beside it. I stare and I’m like OK ALBERTA! YOU CAN DO THIS! YOU NEED TO HELP THIS BIRD! So I open the door to GO AND HELP LIKE A BIG KID and he got away again. So I was like GOOD!
I found the story pretty slow going, although when an incident at home threatened to force Kate into making a decision I felt the story picked up the pace.
4. Check Fertility (Fertility)
has a new venue...
I stood on the path, and she just walked like that,
These gowns actually do shimmer although I am not sure I captured how gorgeous the fabric is. The back of SOPHIA Silk Gowns are as lovely as from the front.
perhaps next year? a girl can hope...
Members of the National Joint Council
And now I'm reading them. I feel like I'm getting the quality middle-school education I carelessly neglected all those years ago, too concerned was I with skipping class and trying to make girls pay attention to me. And the books are full of pictures, too, which is perfect for a wandering mind like mine. Here's the commercial that advertised this expensive set of volumes when it was newish.
Flowers are a permanent attribute of any love story. Can you imagine courting without flowers?
22,000 — hmmm, there are probably more people than that who have an elbow fetish and put turnips and mashed potatoes on their pizza. Anyway:
Here is what I have learned. There is no Right. There is no One Way. There is only Me and what I do right Now. Want to change the world? Start right here, with me. Want people to treat me better? Start right here, with me. Think other people have it easier? I have a perfect example of an acquaintance that is wealthy and is one of the most miserable people I know. It’s better to be me with all my flaws and anemic bank accounts.
Here's a link to Amazon's own self-publishing guidelines:
Its a cold blustery snowy day here in South Dakota. I am kind of enjoying it though. I got off work early, so decided to use a little extra time to see if I could get my new computer set up enough to do a post. I have missed posting to my blog! My faithful computer that I had for years that I knew inside and out went kaput a few months back and I have just not gotten up to speed on my new one. My goal this month is to work on getting to know her. (I think she is a she)
I'm running and not quite sure where to go
Name: Bernard "Barney" Fife
Looking forward to the next Perak elections
Bassano`s treatment of the theme is noteworthy. He treated religious subjects as if they were genre or everyday scenes. His naturalness brings the viewer into the scene. We respond to the scene and the goodness of the characters represented
Nikka is well known for its blends and pure malts (vatted malts), and one of the whiskies which appears to be headed for our shores is an expression of their well regarded Taketsuru pure malt.
It's time to shut it down. Breathe and reboot. I'll be ok tomorrow, but right now I'm lost in a swirl of stuff.
There is another reason that we plant seeds, however. When you use store-bought plants, you just stick ‘em in the ground and water them. Well, there’s more to it than that, but you get the picture.
But even if the one owl checked indicated the other two might be valuable, it still doesn’t mean taking all three would have been a good idea. From a strictly business perspective, taking all three is a good way to ensure there will be no future owls to sell in the Kathmandu. And of course, owls are important members of the ecosystem – only two days after the conclusion of this incident, a mouse attacked Balaram’s seed nursery, eating some and scattering the rest
You might think that a big macho gorilla like me would have no use for Viagra. Well, I have considered using the blue pills, but not in a way you might imagine. We jungle-dwelling apes, you see, have to deal with deadly creatures that might do us harm. The most dangerous beasts are not hippos and crocodiles, but critters that creep around slyly. Snakes are a particularly aggravating hazard. The manager of the safari camp advocates a no-nonsense approach in dealing with them:
A beautiful day and a decent ride, though marred by mechanical worries. But all's well that ends well.
With that in mind, I’m going to start a series of shorter posts in which I toss out an idea, partially flesh out why it might be useful to skeptics, and encourage skeptics to build it. I’m going to do one per week. It’s called Wishlist Wednesday, and my first idea is the “Skeptic Podcast Sampler”.
I met a friend from college there recently. She's not from the area and I don't know Pikesville very well, so we both decided to check Mari Luna out. One plus for them is that they started us out with free chips and salsa. I hate it when Mexican restaurants do not serve chips and salsa. And they were pretty good, too. The chips were multi-colored, but didn't seem homemade. The salsa was yummy and fresh.
Life with Kerri will be stronger.
Seattle and Boston are more than 24 hours from Tulsa, but you can get to Tulsa from Boise and Hartford to Tulsa than 24 hours. So this guy can be just about anywhere other than the Pacific Northwest and northern New England.
A web ad link caught my attention a couple of days ago.
It's fantastic sports entertainment.
And now you’re proof...
Means: "What did you catch me at?"
The running shoe was cut at 3" from the Pink Journey cartridge. However, the cut on the cartridge has no layers or shadow or anything. So I first cut it out in hot pink, trimmed off the shoelace part of the image, and then attached the shoe to solid white cardstock. I then hand-trimmed the white cardstock, essentially creating a 1/8" shadow around the shoe. Then I cut the shoe again, but this time in black. Using scissors, I trimmed away the sole of the shoe, and attached it to the pink shoe. I also saved the little "hole" pieces that you'd normally throw away, and I just glued them inside the spaces in the pink shoe. The cool skull image was cut from Indie art at 1". Had to go with skulls for Steph! Finally, I used my Crop-a-Dile to punch holes in the shoe, and then threaded white ribbon through the holes and tied a bow. The sentiment was just hand-written with a silver Signo pen.
VASD Child Nutrition Services is on a mission to provide healthier
The term guerilla marketing was coined by Jay Conrad Levinson and is described in his many books with this term in the title. Here is a brief overview of guerilla marketing tactics and how to get started.
Mitch: I’ve created a blog.
-measuring and torting the cakes
Hope you liked our little mooch, so much more to discover I am sure and so many more ideas to uncover - there just isn't enough time in the day.......
The loss of 300,000 innocents murdered since democracy dawned is therefore regularly diminished. People slide into extenuation: “We have our problems, but we now have, I’m proud to say, a working, wonderful democracy in South Africa.” These words were uttered by the roaming Justice Richard Goldstone, who - unlike this writer’s father - attached himself to the anti-apartheid cause only once it became fashionable, safe and professionally expedient.
Directions for use: Apply Xen-Tan Dark Lotion to clean dry skin with hands, or for easiest application, the Xen-Tan Luxury Tanning Mitt. Blend on face and body. Wash hands with warm water and soap for 1-2 minutes to remove instant colour. Wait three hours to shower or swim. Wear dark clothing while tanning.
Hola!
Don’t know.
As you may of guessed from the title, tonight I’m trying a bottle of Thomas hardy ale…but what you may have also noticed (cause I know what an observant lot you people are) is that this is a rather special bottle of beer because it was brewed in 1993, and as those whiz kids amongst you can work out…makes it 18 years old.
Here’s another reason to remain fit and well… Nick’s condition (degenerative osteo-arthritis, a crumbling spine and a hiatus hernia) is not improving so we are going to strive for a healthier lifestyle, better diet and more swimming. We have a new grandchild on the way and it is so important that we are around to be able to enjoy this new chapter when he/she arrives!
After Truman stabilized the man’s blood-sugar level, he was discharged with a new prescription.
Freebooking is all about the results AFTER the book is no longer free. If the book is the first in a series, hopefully you've linked to the next book or to a newsletter signup. In my case, I regret I did not have a newsletter to link to at the time Spoil of War went free. I did, however, provide a link to my blogs and I included a few sample pages from SECTOR C, along with a link to Amazon.com for it and for the Extinct anthology. Not ideal, but the purpose is to offer something more of your writing.
TAN: So? Well, I guess it is better than short hair and a long skirt ...
I’ve been so sick lately…anybody else dealing with miserable allergies this year? It’s impossible! Does global warming cause pollen counts to rise?
Sam's fists clenched. "Our dad has money because he's a great professor. He even has tenure."
Not all readers will connect to any one book. We’d all have to be on the same spiritual journey and at the same juncture at the same time for that to happen. But those who need what the book has to offer will get it. To them, the book will not be just a book, but a doorway to spiritual exploration or resolution.
In any case, the continent is shattering; large rocks get smaller, weathered by thousands of years of wind and sandstorms – what Richard Fortey calls "the blast of erosion," in his awesomely great Earth – and you can actually watch as the terrain chips away at itself, getting closer and closer to the consistency of sand: sand which you then see on the horizon, in great dunes of the outer Sahara.
What does belief and intent have to do with pattern recognition? Well, first a couple of odd words: Pareidolia and Apophenia. Both, in broad definition, essentially mean that when you see shapes in clouds or hear voices in traffic passing by (this doppler effect happens as sound waves are compressed in front of the car (high pitched) and stretched behind the car (low pitched) or see faces in dust orbs, your brain is seeking to make something recognizable out of the chaotic. One short definition I found for the latter is: unmotivated seeing of connections.
This paints an interesting portrait of pet owners as – relative to non-pet owners – more outgoing, autonomous, and put-together, with an overall more positive sense of self.
Today I was at a store that I don't go to very often, but love so very much. When I walk into the store and see all the wonderful things there are to buy for your home, I just let out a little sigh of joy. I love to look at everything and the ladies are so super friendly and helpful in there. It kinda makes me want to twirl around the store picking up different items and breaking out into song. You know, like a musical for all the wonderful things at Pier 1. It was just what I needed on the dark, dreary, rainy day. I found some great gifts for some people on my list and then I headed off to BB&Beyond. Does the picture below give any indication as to the feelings I felt in this store?
Wish me luck!!
A new culture evolved among the colonists, one in which martial prowess was held the greatest virtue, and where pragmatism and acceptance of fate to be the preferred outlook on life. Courage was valued above cleverness…especially in the face of so many dangers (environmental and predatory)…after all, the courageous individual is more likely to save many while the clever individual seeks mainly to save himself. True or not, it is the way the newcomers have come to look at the world being correct more often than not.
Anyhoo, I could go on and on but I think I’ll give it a rest for now. I do have some good stuff planned for the next few weeks. We’ll talk about Netflix, what kinds of books you allow your kids to read and count for school credit, and we’ll look at some fun Christmas gifts that aren’t necessarily T*O*Y*S. I don’t know about you, but that’s one thing there’s no shortage of here!
If your answer is YES, please feel free to tell us what you particularly liked and why the pitch piqued your interest. If your answer is MAYBE or NO, please feel free to tell us what you think could be better in the spirit of helping Jennifer improve her pitch. Helpful examples of possible alternate wordings are welcome. (However, I must ask that comments be constructive and respectful. I reserve the right not to publish comments that are mean because that is not what this is about.)
The first trip (last week, Saturday) was for mashed potatoes and gravy. It did the trick, soft, warm, but with some flavor. It got me feeling like I'd had this infection kicked. Then the craving came. Sometimes it's a burger and fries, sometimes it's pizza, but this time it was fried chicken. Not just any fried chicken either, Original Recipe. That magical blend of spices, that greasy skin. So I did it. To prove to myself that I was on the mend, that I was back. And I'm sorry. I'll be the first guy to talk about why we shouldn't eat at these places or support what they're doing to people, to local business, to high school kids that could work someplace awesome and fun instead.
Chest pain.
As an unschooling teen, one may make sympathetic noises when their friends complain about being grounded yet again, while secretly just not getting it. Not allowed to go anywhere? Why would parents do that? And why are they listening, anyway? Can’t they just… walk out?
The butterfly in the pit of my stomach . . .
* If they are sold on their current company, DON’T PITCH THEM! Just tell them you can help them market their business online and create mulltiple streams of income while promoting their company.
6) Pinocchio in 1940 became extra expensive because Walt shut down the production to make the puppet more sympathetic than the lying juvenile delinquent as presented in the original Carlo Collodi story. He also resurrected a minor character, an unnamed cricket who tried to tell Pinocchio the difference between right and wrong until the puppet killed him with the mallet. Excited by the development of Jiminy Cricket plus the revamped, misguided rather than rotten Pinocchio, Walt poured extra money into the film’s special effects and it ended up losing a million dollars in its first release.
This blasphemy is built in the previous false claim that forensic imputation is deception.
I've coloured her using ProMarkers, naturally.. and stamped a 'Grow Everyday' sentiment from a Some Odd Girl set across her left (right) leg in Pretty in Pink ink from SU! I've used some papers from Fancy Pants and added some black seam binding and a cute pink hat pin to the bow. The circles have been cut from the patterned paper and I've added some pink liquid pearls to the inside.
I have spent the rest of the night trying to figure out what it is that I need. She asked me what my life would look like if it did not completely revolve around S. Because right now it does. The job I have, the house I live in, the school district, the dog, how I spend all of my time-- that ALL revolves around him. I take breaks from him, and do other things--- but I always justify it in my head by saying, "I am doing this so that I can take better care of him when I am done."
Ignore vs Slam the door twice to the face of the one knocking right now?
And if you are in the Richmond, Virginia area next weekend, I will be speaking on the making of Cleopatra at the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts on Saturday, December 10th. The lecture will be followed by a screening of the film.
Indeed. I believe the October 2009 sample was all the more tasty because of the pleasant company of my brother-in-law. Setting and circumstance, people.
Anyway, today in my rounds of retail therapy I went to my normal Jeffrey Campbell stockist but unfortunately they had no Nightwalks (yet again) and I left feeling despondent that I would not be able to rectify my bad day with shoes. Imagine my surprise at seeing a similar shoe in a window of a completely different store; jaw dropping and instant happiness.
Ribbon: Offray
The Pittsburgh Penguins are the most loved team in my family. We live in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, and have been watching the AHL Penguins play since they arrived here in the 1999-2000 season. It seemed natural to become Pittsburgh fans then, and continue cheering for the players as they made their way up in the system. I am a Penguins fan, as are my brothers Greg (age 19), Pete (13), and my sisters Angela (22), Cathy (16), and Genevieve (10). My oldest brother Dan is 27, and an Ottawa Senators fan. (When I began to write this, I actually couldn’t remember what in the world caused a guy from Northeastern PA to become a Sens fan. I texted Dan and he told me, simply and succinctly, that he wanted to cheer for a team that no one else in this area liked.) My other sister, Juliana, is 24 and lives out in Michigan with her husband and baby boy. My brother-in-law is, unfortunately, a Red Wings fan, having lived near Hockeytown his entire life. When I realized that my sweet little nephew Leo was going to be raised as a Wings fan, I almost wept. Then I started planning. Just wait until he hits those rebellious teenage years. I can’t think of a better way to rebel than to switch from being a Detroit fan to a Pittsburgh fan, and I’ll be sure to encourage him every step of the way. With the way our family goes, though, he’ll probably rebel his way right into being a fan of the LA Kings or somewhere completely random like that.
Personalized wristbands are a subtle but extremely effectual way to communicate every message, hymn, belief, alliance, motto or catchword. silicone products
It appears that Libya’s former leader Muammar Gaddafi may have been handed down his final verdict by NATO rebels, but it’s perhaps an even more bloody awful fate already suffered by a morally detached western civilization.
Another classmate succumbed to a stroke — two in one month. My high school beau emails me — he’s frightened of getting old. What will he do when he can no longer travel? His thumbs are so sore he can barely button his shirt. And when he stands on concrete his left foot goes numb. He saw a show on quantum physics — there’s no such thing as time, yet days seem to drag and the months fly by.
Since Greek sports were preformed in the nude and much of cultured society revolved around the gymnasium, it was difficult for a circumcised Jew to participate without being exposing themselves to ridicule. Many Jews simply refused to participate, others either did not circumcise their children so that they could participate in Greek culture. Some chose to submit to an extremely painful procedure to reverse their circumcision.
But it is getting quiet now and I'm going to try to sleep.
hospital’s narcotic
legacies created in one dance,
Cindy is generously offering a grand prize to one random winner! If you stop at every blog participating in this hop and leave a comment for each designer, you will be eligible to win three digital stamps and a set of 12 Prisma Colored Pencils. :o)
Another example: most modern written communications are electronic and are delivered instantaneously. Generally speaking, we have progressed in long distance written communication from personal delivery to courier messenger to organized mail service to telegraph to fax to email, each improving on the former in time of transmission. We can see an interesting example of what this means in the Battle of New Orleans, which started two weeks after the Treaty of Ghent had been signed, because the combatants had not received word of the treaty’s signing. Had the news instead arrived to then-General Andrew Jackson’s Android phone, lives would have been saved, and recovery would have begun much sooner.
Asked about the legacy of the tournament Jordaan said the country will benefit through sustainable develop in the areas of transport infrastructure as well as economic opportunities.
Counselors’ Corner
Where is the biggest Construction site in Romania?
If President Obama were to acknowledge this history and initiate the process of returning Guantánamo to Cuba, he could begin to put the mistakes of the last 10 years behind us, not to mention fulfill a campaign pledge. (Given Congressional intransigence, there might be no better way to close the detention camp than to turn over the rest of the naval base along with it.) It would rectify an age-old grievance and lay the groundwork for new relations with Cuba and other countries in the Western Hemisphere and around the globe. Finally, it would send an unmistakable message that integrity, self-scrutiny and candor are not evidence of weakness, but indispensable attributes of leadership in an ever changing world. Surely there would be no fitter way to observe today’s grim anniversary than to stand up for the principles Guantánamo has undermined for over a century.
RUSH: Ladies and gentlemen, as I said at the top of the program,
Arben Dzaferi: The Gordian knot has been existing in the Balkans for a long time. We will yet see whether the issue will be solved with a sword or an agreement. If the EU project manages to solve all antagonisms, the political solution will take the upper hand over all other options.
I know...creepy.
the shadow …
Dirks said the topic is critical because “this discussion will explore opportunity for a solar super hub in the Southwest. We will cover both the challenges and the benefits of becoming a state and region that can be the leader in producing and exporting solar energy. We hope to identify goals and next steps that will allow us to collectively reach our potential as a solar energy center.”
7. Donte Moss DE North Carolina (Compensation for Aaron Curry Trade)
To Christina: My little miracle. What can I say that I haven't already whispered to you a thousand times while you slept, or prayed silently over you during those first terrifying days of your life. You taught me strength and perseverance. You taught me to believe in miracles again. You taught me love beyond anything I could ever have imagined. I love you with all my heart.
‘Dona nobis pacem’ means ‘grant us peace’. It’s the slogan of the annual Blog Blast for Peace, which takes place today, November 4.
Additional charges are pending.
Paper- Chocolate Chip, Rich Razzleberry and Whisper White Cardstock (Su!)
Wanna see my stash? This is a chunk of it because some were in the laundry when I took the pic. Pretty stuff eh? Honestly, there is nothing cuter than a baby in a cloth diaper. Fluffy bums!
I'm learning to be kinder to myself in the "rules" and standards I've had set up for me, that I've continued or have implemented myself. I'm learning that as my physical body ages it means some things take more time and changing the rules is going to become more and more necessary. And that it's "okay".
and somehow much of its contents including silk wall hangings had survived. The self-guided tour took in one amazing room after another. Each of the rooms had its own National Trust volunteer who were all extremely knowledgeable. A former brewer was looking after the basement brewery; his stories were fascinating. I learned about 500+ year old books in the library which were in practically pristine condition; the reason being (it was thought) because they were in Latin and no-one had read them!
Ratings: Fling(ed)
Company Overview 13
Make sure to give it a good shake before you use it.
Be blessed and keep singing HIS praises.
You were there to see us through
Luke 7:41-47– “There was a certain creditor who had two debtors. One owed five hundred denarii, and the other fifty. And when they had nothing with which to repay, he freely forgave them both. Tell Me, therefore, which of them will love him more?”
Geej--It's where I go CRAZY with the TV!
Applications invited for specialist regulatory advocates
Isn’t a successful hypnosis one where someone wakes up and they don’t think anything happened; yet there they stand, butt naked and wearing a toilet seat around their neck, completely confused.
WE PLEDGE TO KEEP IT WEIRD AND BRING SOME MUFFINS TO YOUR EAR CAKES SOON!
DRAIN THE CAN OF SALMON. SEASON SALMON WITH SALT AND PEPPER. ADD IN ONIONS AND CELERY AND TOSS. LIGHTLY BEAT AN EGG AND ADD TO THE MIXTURE. MIX WITH PANKO BREADCRUMBS, ADD MORE IF NEEDED. MOLD INTO 4 SMALL CAKES AND PLACE ON A PLATE. REFRIGERATE FOR 30MINS TO AN HOUR. THIS HELPS BIND THE CAKES SO THEY DON'T FALL APART WHEN YOU COOK THEM. IN A SKILLET HEAT A FEW TABLESPOONS OF CANOLA OR OLIVE OIL ON MEDIUM HEAT. ONCE HOT ADD THE SALMON CAKES. COOK ABOUT 4 MINUTES PER SIDE OR UNTIL NICELY BROWNED.
“It was the kind of game we expected,” Sir Alex reflected. “There were not a lot of goal chances – I think David de Gea made the only save of the match. We are a bit disappointed we never tested their goalkeeper – our crossing was poor. They were more of a threat, simply because they had more action around the box. We had control over some parts of the game but never enough to do any damage.
6. Large Scale Programme of Domestic Insulation
They have experienced so much pain to be 15. It's heartbreaking. Disease, tragedy, heartbreak. It is all in this novel, and it is handled with SUCH delicacy- such care- that you can't help but want- to NEED them to heal themselves.
If there are any lepers or leper experts out there, I’d love to hear from you. Please don’t take this post as an attack on lepers, I am just a little loose on the facts. Forgive my ignorance on the subject, as I’d hate for you to fall apart over it. In fact, I’d like to take a leper out for a beer and watch him get completely legless. On beer! Nothing else was meant by that comment, oh god! Please don’t throw any punches at me. Not that you’d be detaching your fists and literally throwing them at me or anything. Again I didn’t mean it like that...I’ll shut up now. I'll pull my finger out for the next post.
the prechristian angels of Iona to my
This act which caused the withdrawal of RM424,930,597.50 from Omega
Because today was supposed to be all about fun and add in that it was my lovely husbands Birthday, we decided to have our Australia Day celebration, after all.
"What was up with that? Why wouldn't you say hi to that little girl?"
MARISOL: Get out of here, Mom.
Rode in on a team of horses
Consequently, the owner of the copyright in a computer program may not prevent, by relying on the licensing agreement, the purchaser of that licence from observing, studying or testing the functioning of that program so as to determine the ideas and principles which underlie all the elements of the program in the case where the purchaser carries out acts covered by that licence and the acts of loading and running necessary for the use of the program on condition that that purchaser does not infringe the exclusive rights of the owner of the copyright in that program.
The brace of EMD locomotives during the Jail Break seen are a set of Missouri Pacific EMD GP35′s. The GP35, at this time, was Missouri Pacific’s fast freight locomotive. Even though the more popular EMD GP40 had not yet taken hold on the MoPac Roster, and the even more popular SD40 had just been introduced that January. The locomotives in the film are MP GP35′s 615, 660 and 622.
I must admit, if the older boys did this at nearly 2 I would more than likely crack it, sigh and tell them not to do that. Now, many years and babies later, I am more patient, but more than anything I see the funny side, and don't sweat the small stuff. I know how fast time goes by, how fast children grow. I choose to laugh. Life is much happier this way, for all of us.
This process took about 6 months before I saw steady results, and just over a year before I felt comfortable and excited about what I had achieved. Since then, I have kept the weight off, but more importantly am constantly driven by “how good thin feels” and the benefits I feel each day from well-rounded and exciting nutrition.
Foreign workers who visit the social security system are faced with an impatient and aggressive manner by their co-workers. It is easier to blame them than the State which has shrunk the services and the civil servants sector resulting in long hours at endless cues. The lack of nursing stuff at hospitals leads people to look askance at all foreign workers (legal immigrants as well as illegal) who try to get the medical care they pay for.
Title: DGS Special Broadcast Edition
“Isn’t Uttrayan tomorrow?” I persisted.
The picture of Lil Vicki doesn't have anything to do with this post. I just love looking at this cutie!
As I type this, the landlady’s henchmen are on the roof and the wraparound balcony trying to seal up the holes that are allowing tropical squirrels (which look a little like chipmunks) to nest in our attic and family room. Yes, adorable little tropical squirrels have taken up residence in our house. One day one was running industriously back and forth from a little hole high up the wall in our family room, along the rafters, through our bedroom and into our bathroom and presumably up to the attic. Gertrude Bell exclaimed, “Get me a ladder and I will climb up and catch it!” I sighed and hoped the thing wasn’t about to have babies in the wall. Last night after The International Man of Intrigue and I went to bed, we could hear the squirrel chirping in the attic. My big fear today is that the landlady’s henchmen have sealed up the openings to the outside without driving out our little friend. The last thing I need is a dead squirrel in the attic. I much prefer my attic squirrels alive, thank you.
1. intro (Night Surf)
Oh no, our trailer is full so we had to start piling stuff in John's truck. . . . . .I hope my expert packer has a plan!
We can’t thank you enough for all of your prayers!!
Thanks for continuing to support Beau throughout this process...more updates to follow :)
And lastly, which turned out to be the solution. I have the cupboards above our washer and dryer. When we first moved in, Liam was a year old, so this became my cleaning product storage. It was great to have it up and out of the way, not to mention made my life pretty easy when it came to keeping house. Throw in a load of laundry, stock the caddy with the supplies for the day and away I went, but the time the washer was done, so was I. Transfer over the clothes to the dryer, put away the cleaning supplies, and DONE.
The one thing that has changed is that we are changing the organization that Rylee receives her physical therapy from. Currently ECI comes to our house twice a month. My husband and I have always felt that this wasn't frequent enough and have requested to increase it but we were told that she didn't need it more and that maybe as the time goes on that we MIGHT increase. We have still continued to worry that she isn't crawling. Our new pediatrician called me yesterday and told me that they found us another home health care agency will come to our house and do therapy and that it might be possible to have it up to 5 times a week. They were also concerned that she isn't crawling. It was nice to feel validated. I am not awaiting a phone call from the new agency to set up an evaluation appointment. I am looking forward to helping Rylee improve even more.
Article writing is a technique for anybody to take up on for more attention on there subject. Ezine articles can help you meet readers who find your work helping. Write at least 2-3 articles a day and try to write the best article for the interest of the reader. Solve the problem that is being directed by publishing authoritative articles and I promise readers will proceed further in seeing what else is being offered on your website. Remain unique and concise about the subject so it draws a huge audience.
Then, carve in slender slices against the grain, like this:
07 - Gator Country 06:23
3. Our visas are now almost expired, have already been extended once. We know of no one who has successfully obtained a second extension.
“Christ, you look like shit.”
To make the vinaigrette, simmer the POM Wonderful over medium heat until it simmers, thickening to about 1/4 cup (about 10-12 minutes). Whisk together the pomegranate juice, vinegar, mustard, honey, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified. Set aside.
If only that is what I could say about the field trip that I took today with 175 6th graders and about 50 parents/teachers/chaperones to Sea World.
reaping grimaces,
From my Aug 27, 2009 Momathon Blog post:
On the plus side I’ve just had my eyes tested again and shall be collecting some wonderful RED reading glasses today. *Wonder if their colour might just mean I’ll see this pair before I sit on them…* Oh and I’m off to Manchester in May for some more surgery. Yes that is a PLUS. A big, big, big PLUS! Turns out after my scan last month that they missed a bit of mucin up round m’ spleen. As Francis said, “wasn’t your surgeon’s fault, his arms weren’t long enough” Right dear…..
I have the French version (I prefer it in French too). I love season 4 because although the world is in serious danger in the later part of the series, it is a lot lighter (apart from Naboo's death). Season 3 is really cool because of Enchantix, but there's a lot of tough challenges for each of the girls and sometimes I find it a bit too heavy.
10. Woman From Tokyo 4:15
fine print
‘That’s a question, and I said no fluffy metaphors.’
Four Sparrow Marsh is located on southbound Flatbush Ave, just past Toys R Us but before Floyd Bennet Field. It bears the NYC Parks Dept's "Forever Wild" logo. The NYC Parks Dept. website says:
this happened to teach me that i no longer have nor do i need to tolerate any bullshit.
Finishing
I just happened to have a package with different sizes and this worked out fine. Glossy Accents is used on the hospital bed and her glasses, along with some glitter. DP is Basic Grey Sugar Rush. Pearls and cardstock from my stash. Have a great day!
What to Submit
“Guys, what’s happening to gravity?”
Discontinuance of M3
3) subscribe their website, as they will offer your free dishes
The day started off with my older daughter waking up covered in pee. (Why do all my stories seem to include diaper blowouts?) I had to throw her in the tub, all the while listening to the baby scream.
“For real?” the guy went. “Ol’ Dirty Bastard is dead?”
The shade 15 Rose Vinyl is a medium yellow pink; rather bright, but definitely in the everyday category in my book. It has teeny tiny shimmers running through, so fine that I can't really detect their color at all. To me, Rose Vinyl seems like an excellent universal pink, wearable on both cool and warm skintones. Very, very pretty. In the arm swatch, Rose Vinyl is on the right, compared to Sleek Pout Polish in Pink Cadillac on the left, the only vaguely similar shade in my collection; and I have a lot of pinks, believe me. As a side note, it seems that both Sephora and Nordstrom each have a shade that's exclusive to their counters.
I was quite intrigued.
Ben and Jerry's will be on both coasts this summer with their ice cream truck giving away free ice cream! I cannot wait until they hit Boston in August (last year they were right near my office twice, it was heavenly). And if you're on one coast or the other (evidently not in between) hopefully you'll be able to enjoy some free ice cream too.
in the US). The poor guy is doing is very best to ‘do the right thing’… but there’s that part of him that cannot resist the temptation that is Roxie… But it is that battle, that character and of course those dreamy eyes.
However, there is no hiding the fact that South Africa is rapidly becoming one of the most crime ridden nations on earth. Robberies ranging from street muggings to violent gun crime are commonplace. South Africa is often referred to as the rape capital of the world with one male in four admitting to having committed the act . Even that horrifying statistic disguises the fact this is not confined just to acts of sexual violence against adult women, child rape is at epidemic levels, with a recent report estimating that a South African child is raped every three minutes, which is to say that there are 530 children raped there every single day . In addition, although not recognised as a crime, South Africa has one of the highest rates of violent male on male rape in the world, a fact which should be born in mind by male football fans planning to visit for the world cup in 2010.
I also find I don't do my best work when under pressure, so starting early ensures I can produce my best work.
A lot has happened in that year. I got my license to sell personal and commercial insurance, I got divorced from my ex, moved into the apartment in mamma's basement, and now I'm planning to start my life over again.
Federal financial reporting has become so murky, inconsistent and retrospective that no outsider has a clear picture of what is actually being spent, or cut. Multiple and overlapping reports are produced using different accounting methodologies. Money not spent in one year is quietly shifted into another, conveniently creating moveable baselines for advertised “cuts.” - And Don Lenihan points out yet another ruling from Andrew Scheer which will serve to insulate the Cons from any accountability whatsoever for lying to Parliament and the public - this one a requirement that anybody seeking to challenge a false statement be able to prove a direct intention to mislead. As Lenihan notes, that ruling fits nicely into the Cons' general preference for one-way "comms" over meaningful debate.
apple juice 10 fl oz
Fortunately that didn’t happen yesterday and I was really thrilled with the interesting questions they asked in the Q&A and the bloomin’ lovely feedback I received, especially from the young girls who gave up their Sunday afternoon to come along – thank you so much!
When I read about faith and belief in ‘Think and Grow Rich’ some 20 years ago I didn’t really understand it. Like many people I assumed that it was a reference to religion. As I’ve learned my craft and become highly successful at helping people succeed what I’ve discovered that this is not the case. The faith that I talk about is an unwavering faith in your own ability to succeed. Without fear of failure. There are so many inspirational quotes about this learning its hard to pick one so I’ll let you go and find them yourself. Our fear mechanisms are out of date. We are taught that to ‘sell ourselves’ is selling out. To be good at something and to know it is something we are meant to keep quiet (or we’ll be put down by those who don’t have the skills we do). Faith in yourself is the ONLY thing that will keep you moving forward when those around you are telling you to give up or do something different. If you are committed to your path and you have a solid faith in your ability (or your ability to learn the skills you need) then you will build momentum and results that much faster.
Cables--tips and tricks like you've never seen before
Tips for Avoiding a Sedentary Lifestyle
**Before you go start any of these activities, if you know one of your students does not have a mother in their life, you can encourage them to think of any special lady who takes care of them- grandma, aunt, sister!***
Thread a cross stitch needle (with a thin eye) with metallic thread. Push the needle up through the first hole and then down through the second, up through the third hold and back down into the second, then back up through the fourth. Repeat this pattern for the whole design and tape the ends down on the back. It takes a little time, but the result is worth the work. Tip: Paper stitching is a lot like back stitching in cross stitch.
Riddle Answer: Electri-city!
This is the day to reflect on the A to Z challenge. This was my first year participating and I was super excited and a little nervous because I normally only post three days a week and this was going to require twice my normal commitment for four weeks. Could I do it?
I'll be honest. They approached me and asked me to give it a try. It was good timing. I was finally ready to try something new and (hopefully) easy on the side of digi/hybrid. So, why not? I downloaded the software and dabbled in it for a while.
Getting onto Mandela, well he may have fawned over Cuba, well that is up to him it still changes not a thing about the poor human rights of Mr González and so many others. Many thousands of whom risk life and limb sailing to the US of A rather than stay in the land of free dental care that is Cuba.
Like all Indian chinese food, you will definitely be coming back for more.
In the five years since her bad-girl sister Xanda's death, Miranda Mathison has wondered about the secret her sister took to the grave, and what really happened the night she died. Now, just as Miranda is on the cusp of her dreams—a best friend to unlock her sister's world, a ticket to art school, and a boyfriend to fly her away from it all—Miranda has a secret all her own.
Once the chicken was cut up, I set about mincing some garlic. I didn’t want to season the chicken too heavily as I would be tossing it with the wing sauce after i had finished cooking it.
How ripe is too ripe? As far as I am concerned, as long as there is no mold on the fruit, they are fair game.
I accepted the Lord and putting my faith in HIM. I learned to take things in better steps, and able to accept things as a challenge and believes that with all my faith and hard work, I will be able to overcome it. I make a point to attend church on Sunday, bringing the Princess out for some 'social', so she has better exposure in terms of her friends.
He stuck around for the night, and we had a few drinks and a fire and some music. My sister-in-law liked him, which is good, because usually she can usually tell if someone is an asshole or not. He ended up leaving around midnight, and I walked him to his truck. He gave me a hug, and he kissed my forehead. That was when I was thrown for a loop. A kiss on the forehead is usually a sign of affection, correct? I told Pam, and she thought it was sweet and probably meant he liked me, and thought of me as more than just you know...a piece of ass or whatever. And that made me feel like a million dollars. Chris never kissed my forehead. Not once in almost two years.
Daily Caller came across a fascinating “pull-open-the-curtain” video of a second Obama term on Obama’s campaign website. It featured actress/singer Tatyana Ali, who was describing why she was so excited about a second Obama term. And what excited her was that Obama would no longer be accountable to voters and could pull out all the stops and “fundamentally transform America” into a fascist/Marxist Utopia without having to be concerned about political lashback from the American people.
The fact that very little has changed in the way that most healing shrines operate indicates that the new technologies of rule do not always achieve their stated effects. Ironically, it is the very looseness of the Supreme Court directives, and their lack of benchmarks, models or clear objectives that not only allows shrines to sidestep governmental intervention, but also enables them to respond with new models of mental health healing that are sensitive to the local context and capacities.
We hold tightly to our addictions.
If we, indeed, get more applicants IF we change the system, then what? Would these new KEMers know what the name truly means? Will they be able to love the org as much as those who sweated for it loves it? Will they be able to withstand KEM month and Eng’g week, untested as they are in terms of pressure and skill? What would getting in the org mean to them? Perhaps it means the same as it does to these five noise-making members– a line on their resume.
I misspoke earlier in the week when I said the essay had to be 2000 words. It was actually 2000 characters, including spaces. I was half-way through my manifesto when I realized this, and so attempted to chop and truncate it into a choppily written essay with a good idea. Realizing my failure, I started from scratch and it went easier, but still wasn’t right. I finally combined the two and somehow that worked out the best.
Cheers ran on NBC Television for 11 great seasons from 1982-1993. It is hard to imagine that is has now been off the air for almost 17 years although the show lives on through syndicated reruns throughout the world and still remains as popular as ever.
I'm drinking the Valentine's day Kool Aid, this year. Hell, as I'm typing I'm wearing red & white heart socks.
Verbeek C. Moederschapsbescherming. Psychiatrie en Verpleging 1997; 73: 387-390.
Chippendale furniture style was quite popular, and the newest Thing, but Victorians would also have been living with a furniture inheritance, so a mix of old Regency and Georgian and new Victorian is fine.
I pulled down the list to see:
The plug-in p.c. boards in the projector’s electrical unit are easily accessible and neatly grouped in the rear projector door. Additional p.c. boards for automation can be inserted any time in the field.
Thoughts: Trying to get back training twice a day. I feel I work best and the lifts go up training at time kind of frequency. Will see how it goes for this week.
8) Feel the wine inside you- This does not mean be a sloppy drunk
Be sure to check out the creations by the rest of RI Rock Stars below to get more inspirations too!!
(Yiros---Greek marinated lamb with salad and garlic sauce in a wrap)
My OB came in about an hour later and broke my waters. There was no warning beforehand, there was no discussing it. He just did it. He then put Pitocin in my IV. Again, no warning, no discussion, he just put it in and didn't even tell me what he was doing until he was doing it. He cranked it up to make my labor go faster.
L15/43’s Exploration Details 31
With barely a ripple
This came as a recommendation through ARMADILLOCON, a local SFF literary con held yearly here in Austin. And, so, I've started this new thing where most of my audio book listens are adult SFF (my original love), and most of my paper/ebook reads are kid and teen books. So I opted for this as my next audiobook listen, and was hooked from the first page.
cabin cruise is over & the captain gently
Bring the beans to a boil, and then turn the heat down low to simmer. I seasoned the beans right at the beginning with salt, pepper, and the bouillon (French for beef flavored ramen packet). At this point you can pretty much go away, coming back to stir every 20-30 minutes. If the beans are getting a bit dry add just enough water to cover them again. At the end of 2 hours, they should be tender and smooth to taste.
Then press your hips into the floor, contract the abdominal muscles and lengthening the spine, lift the chest, being careful to keep the neck/head in line with the spine. The temptation is to crane the neck back in an attempt to lift the torso higher. One way to avoid craning the neck is to stack the palms underneath your forehead and press your forehead into the back of your hands. The closer your hands/arms are to your body, the easier it is to lift the chest. So this is probably the easiest version of this move.
9) knit 2, knit 2 together, around
Sew up the sides, but leave one end open so you can fill it with the silica gel. Only fill it up halfway, too much and you won’t be able to get it into your shoe.
However I knew mine, whelp me on my back, nevertheless
Pour the mixture into a 1-gallon Ziploc freezer bag, and submerge the sealed bag in the ice bath. Let stand, adding more ice as necessary, until cold, about 30 minutes.
Miracle love, God’s love
They don't care what kind of Sushi they are eating.
Business management consulting helps you to better plan and manage your operations or activities, define your goals, gives you a foundation, structure and better direction. Business management consulting and counseling helps you to improve on your focus, management, performance, efficiency and operations. In this chaotic business world you need beneficial business consulting, counseling and support to help you manage your business workload, work-life balance, relieve your stress & keep your operations running smoothly. You can obtain this type of assistance through CEO Business Management Solutions.
They eventually both fell asleep on the couch and I continued to watch a tiny Bear, with a tiny pig tail scream “mamma watch.” While a guy I was once in love with swing his baby around. Ugh, it was tough. It made me grateful for what I have now though. It is surreal that feeling of then and now versus just how far we have come.
In side the camera Lens is the Diaphragm adjusted in stops which we photographers call “f/stop” or “Aperture”. The solid and flat construction of the Diaphragm is a little hard to explain, but let me tell you about its purpose; it is designed to adjust the opening in small amounts to regulate the saturation of light to reach the Sensor. This is the same purpose that our Iris serves by regulating the size of our Pupil and allowing just the right amount of light to pass onto our Retina.
Nov 8th – Kasbah, Coventry
Delicious Thanksgiving meal...the weather was so nice that we were able to set up some tables outside. Note the gigantic turkey leg in Lucy's hand and her expression. In typical fashion, Christian made a comment about how he thought it was awesome she was eating a turkey leg, Lucy hated the attention that caused and became sort of pouty for the duration of lunch:
Plus it gives you the chance to say things like, “does this look like a giant bedazzled compression sock?”
